===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: All sites on hold, we do appreciate your patience in holding and ask that you please continue to stand by. We should be getting started in approximately two more minutes. Thanks again, everyone. Please standby. We're about to begin. Morning, and welcome to the United Rentals investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K, the year ended December 31st, 2024, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. We will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Please go ahead, sir.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. Yesterday afternoon, we were pleased to report our first quarter results, which reflected a solid start to the year. We saw growth across both our industrial and construction end markets. Demand for used equipment remains healthy, and importantly, our customers continue to feel good about their own outlooks. As you've heard me discuss before, a key element of our strategy is being the partner of choice for our customers. Thanks to the team's steadfast commitment to this, which always includes putting safety first, we delivered first quarter records across revenue and adjusted EBITDA. This is facilitated by our focus on operational excellence and innovation. As you saw through our reaffirmed guidance, 2025 is on track to be another year of profitable growth, reinforced by the momentum we've carried into our busy season. Today, I'll review our first quarter results, followed by why we feel confident in our 2025 guidance, and finally, I'll discuss how we think about managing the business for long-term success. Then Ted will discuss financials in detail before we open up the call to Q&A. So with that, let's start with the first quarter results. Our total revenue grew by 6.7% year over year to $3.7 billion, and within this, rental revenue grew by 7.4% to $3.1 billion, both first quarter records. Fleet productivity increased to 3.1% as reported and 1.9% pro forma for Yac, we've now lapped. Adjusted EBITDA increased to a first quarter record of $1.7 billion, translating to a margin of nearly 45%. Finally, adjusted EPS came in at $8.86. Now let's turn to customer activity. We continue to see growth in both our generative and specialty businesses. In fact, specialty rental revenue grew 22% year over year and 15% pro forma for Yac. We opened eight specialty cold starts in the first quarter and expect to open at least 50 this year. By vertical, our construction end markets saw solid growth across both infrastructure and non-res construction, while our industrial end market saw particular strength within power and chemical process. We continue to see new projects kicking off with a few recent examples, including data centers, pharmaceuticals, airports, and industrial manufacturing facilities. Now turning to the used market. We sold over $740 million of OEC, which was a first quarter record. The demand for used equipment remains healthy, and we're on track to sell an estimated $2.8 billion of fleet this year. We spent over $700 million on rental CapEx in the quarter in response to solid customer demand. As you'd expect, growth continues to be led by large projects where all elements of our strategy position us to be the partner of choice. We drove free cash flow of nearly $1.1 billion, setting us up for another year of strong cash generation, which we view as a hallmark of the company. The combination of our industry-leading profitability, capital efficiency, and the flexibility of our business model enables us to generate meaningful free cash flow throughout the cycle and, in turn, allocate that capital in ways that allow us to create long-term shareholder value. Finally, capital allocation. Priority number one for us is funding growth while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. After the organic growth we supported in the quarter, we returned nearly $370 million to shareholders through a combination of share buybacks and our dividend. Our leverage of 1.7 times remains towards the lower end of our targeted range, leaving plenty of dry powder to support both inorganic growth and to return excess capital to our shareholders. Following the completion of our prior share repurchase authorization last month, I'm pleased to share that our board has approved a new $1.5 billion program, as Ted will discuss shortly. Now let's turn to the rest of 2025. As evidenced by our reiterated guidance, our expectations for the year are unchanged. The year is off to a start we anticipated while feedback from the field continues to be optimistic, particularly for large projects. The momentum we're carrying into our busy season, along with backlogs and our customer confidence index, are all supportive of our outlook. I'll note, we've not seen a change in customer outlooks for the balance of 2025. But with all that said, we understand the recent concerns around the macro uncertainty. If things change, we feel confident in our ability to react to best support both our customers and our stakeholders. As we think about the long term, our strategy is built on how we can competitively differentiate ourselves and outpace the market. When we listen to the voice of the customer, we gain additional conviction that our one-stop-shop offering is critically important. The power of cross-selling lets us take our long-established relationship and accelerate our growth by meeting our customer demands with both our generant and specialty products. When we layer on our technology offerings, we're able to provide our customers a truly unique experience. While we've had specialty as part of our business mix for many years, we believe this growth engine has a lot of runway ahead, supported by both geographic white space and additional products and adjacencies that we can add to our portfolio to continue to better serve our customers. To bring this to light, we have a large national account customer with a longstanding relationship, primarily with our GenRen team. As we dug into how we could better serve the customer's needs, we learned we had the opportunity to be a better partner. This included not just providing additional products but also innovating together, such as feeding information directly into their own internal tracking systems. Through our partnership, we learned more about the customer's requirements and added specialty products to fit the bill. To make a long story short, over just two years, we've increased our spend with us by twelve times by becoming an enterprise of solutions. Specialty has increased from 10% of their spend with us to 40%. This example is another strong proof point of our go-to-market strategy. In closing, we remain focused on being the best partner to our customers. We're on track for another year of profitable growth, and we believe the longer-term outlook we see combined with our business model, strategy, capital discipline, and our competitive advantages will allow us to generate compelling shareholder returns. With that, I'll hand the call over to Ted, and then we'll take your questions. Ted? Over to you.
Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. As Matt just shared, 2025 is off to a good start with first quarter records across total revenue, rental revenue, and EBITDA, which combined with the momentum we're carrying into our busy season and encouraging customer sentiment is enabling us to reaffirm our full-year guidance. So with that said, let's jump into the numbers. First quarter rental revenue was a record at $3.15 billion. That's a year-on-year increase of $216 million or 7.4%, supported again by growth from large projects and key verticals. Within this, OER increased by $118 million or 4.9%, driven by 3.3% growth in our average fleet size and fleet productivity of 3.1%, partially offset by assumed fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary and re-rent grew by 19% and 15% respectively, adding a combined $98 million of revenue. This outsized growth relative to OER was primarily driven by specialty, where delivery represents a bigger portion of revenue from our matting business and where our other specialty businesses support customers with value-added services like fueling and installation as part of our one-stop-shop strategy. Turning to our used results, as Matt mentioned, we took advantage of strong demand to sell a first-quarter record amount of OEC, generating $377 million of proceeds at an adjusted margin of 47.2% and a 51% recovery rate. Moving to EBITDA, as I mentioned, adjusted EBITDA was a first-quarter record at $1.67 billion, translating to an increase of $84 million or 5%. Within this, rental gross profit contributed $89 million. This was partially offset by used, where the continuing normalization of the market drove a 13% decline in used gross profit dollars, translating to a $26 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA. Now SG&A increased by $47 million year over year, including $12 million of H&E-related merger costs. Excluding these costs, our growth in SG&A was roughly in line with growth in rental revenue. Finally, the EBITDA contribution from other non-rental lines of businesses increased $68 million, primarily due to a $64 million breakup fee we received from the termination of the H&E deal. Looking at profitability, our first quarter implied 60 basis points of compression. Notably, and as our press release highlighted, this includes a $52 million net benefit related to the breakup fee, which is the $64 million less the $12 million of related SG&A costs. Although it doesn't impact EBITDA, we also absorbed roughly $13 million of bridge financing fees related to the deal that are included in our net interest expense. Taken together, our first quarter results included a net pre-tax benefit of $39 million. Bringing this back to margins, excluding the H&E benefit and the impact of used sales, our EBITDA margin compressed 150 basis points year over year. Similar to last quarter, I thought it'd be helpful to talk through a few of the key factors here ahead of Q&A. Now, of course, margins in any given quarter will fluctuate with normal variability, but at a high level, several of the dynamics in Q1 were consistent with what we talked about in January. First, ancillary revenue again significantly outpaced our core rental growth. These are core elements of our service offering, particularly within specialty, and come in at a lower margin than our core rental business but have attractive returns as they don't employ much capital. As importantly, they provide a unique aspect to customer service that both differentiates United Rentals and helps drive deeper customer engagement. So from this perspective, we view this as good business, but it does have a dilutive impact on margins that we'd estimate at about 50 basis points in Q1, or about a third of the 150 basis points decline. Secondly, quarter delivery costs were up, driven by a few dynamics, including our growth in matting and the increased dispersion of growth across our footprint. A byproduct of the latter is the greater need to reposition fleet in support of high-time middle. Said differently, these are choices we make between costs and capital efficiency with the idea of supporting returns. For the quarter, these additional repositioning costs impacted our margin by about 30 basis points. Finally, given where we sit in the current cycle, our OER growth remains relatively low in a still fairly inflationary environment. At the same time, we continue to make long-term strategic investments in important areas like specialty cold starts and technology, both of which enable us to be the partner of choice to customers and provide attractive returns. The combination of these factors and normal variability in our costs accounted for the balance of the decline, so call it about 70 basis points. Importantly, these are all contemplated within the ranges provided in our guidance. Lastly, on the P&L side of things, our adjusted earnings per share was $8.86, including a $0.45 benefit from H&E. Shifting to CapEx, first quarter gross rental CapEx was $707 million, in line with normal seasonality. Moving to returns and free cash flow, our return on invested capital of 12.6% remained well above our weighted average cost of capital, while free cash flow totaled a robust $1.08 billion. Our balance sheet remains quite strong with net leverage of 1.7 times at the end of the quarter and total liquidity of over $3.3 billion. I'll note, this was after returning $368 million to shareholders in the first quarter, including $118 million via dividend and $250 million via repurchases. Looking forward, following the completion of our repurchase program last month, I'm pleased to share that our board approved a new $1.5 billion program supported by our continued strong free cash flow generation and healthy balance sheet. The new program will begin this quarter and is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2026. For the year, it is our intent to repurchase a total of $1.5 billion of common stock, including the shares we repurchased in the first quarter. At our current share price, this represents about 4% of our market capitalization. In total, we intend to return roughly $30 per share or a return of capital yield of better than 5%. So to wrap up my prepared remarks, overall another solid quarter that puts us in a position to reaffirm guidance on total revenue, EBITDA, CapEx, and free cash flow. The balance sheet remains in great shape, providing strong optionality for the business while our commitment to capital discipline keeps us positioned to support long-term shareholder value. With that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator? Please open the line.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, Mr. Grace. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, if you would like to ask a question, we do ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up. To David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you for the time. I'll let others dig into the margin questions. I was curious about two things. The implied revenue growth for the rest of the year and how tariffs are impacting conversations with your customers. So first on the revenue growth, if you pull out the used equipment sales, the rest of the year the sales guide's implying, you know, up about 3%. When you look at the CapEx and the used sales and the OEC you're looking to sell, it seems like the average fleet size growth is going to be 3%. So that one supplies no meaningful help at all from fleet productivity. Is that conservatism or something else you're trying to signal? Especially, you noted in the first quarter the time you was still fairly healthy that you're moving equipment around. So just curious how that dovetails into the fleet productivity guide. And then to follow-up on the tariff, how does the potential inflation from tariffs on new equipment sales, right, meaning for an OEM raising price, does your customer then look at rental as a better alternative right now? Or particularly does it give you any umbrella to maybe raise rates or at least that conversation's leaning that way? Versus maybe some negative of the inflation impacting the level of construction activity. Be it, you know, lumber or whatever it may be. Impacting construction project decisions. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, David. This is Matt. I'll take the tariff part first, and then both Ted and I can discuss the revenue back half revenue growth or back third, two-thirds. When we think about the tariffs, first of all, our 2025 CapEx is fully negotiated and well over 80% of it already has POs and will not be impacted by tariffs in any way. In the future, to your point about what would happen if our partners did have to got significant tariffs and did have to make some changes in the future. Well, a couple of points. To your comment, we probably have to pass it on like happened post-COVID when we all had to enjoy some pretty healthy increases. Then secondly, there'd be some decisions to make. We've got a couple of vendors in every category of equipment we buy. There's not a product category that I could think of that doesn't have a non-tariff import impacted partner. So there'd be a way for us to manage through it, and whatever we did have to absorb would be something the whole industry absorbed into your point could be an umbrella coverage for maybe some increased productivity. Not our preference, but certainly something we have the ability to do. From the growth perspective, Ted, you wanna take it?
Ted Grace: Yeah. The one thing I might add on tariffs and certainly, anytime there's uncertainty, that tends to favor rental over ownership, and we never advocate for uncertainty. But we are in a period of time where there obviously is a couple of things that the macro is trying to struggle with. So I'd say at the margin, that's also gonna benefit rental even more than think some of the other advantages we have over ownership. On the implied revenue side, I guess, the one piece you didn't really weave into that question, David, was the impact of inflation. So, you know, when we think about that OECD growth, that's in nominal terms. So I think, you know, when you do the math, you'd see that adjusting for that, you know, we'd want to make sure that we are contemplating the effect of inflation, which obviously ties back to fleet productivity. In terms of just the growth rate, kind of what you saw in the first quarter versus what would be implied in the back three quarters. You know, obviously, we've now lapped Yac. So as people think about that relative growth rates, they just want to be mindful of that shift as well. We could dig in if you want to touch on any part of that.
David Raso: Well, end of the day, when you look at the size of the average, always see growth implied from a fairly normal cadence. Of what you're gonna sell the OEC being sold, and, of course, the gross landed fleet per quarter. It just to level set a little bit, it sounds like the fleet productivity, which is 1.9 in the first quarter, x yeah. Correct. Pro forma, let's call it. The rest of the year, those fleet productivity numbers implied are least level set, they're lower than the 1.9. Is that fair? Like, the first quarter.
Ted Grace: Not really. I'd say they're pretty steady, David, is what our listen. We're not in the game of forecasting them because there's a big portion of it. This is an output of what our revenue construct looks like. Specifically in mix. But, generally, what's embedded in the guide especially if you're using the midpoint, is a continuation of that type of positive fleet productivity. That's what our expectation is, and that's what's embedded in the guidance.
David Raso: Alright. That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Ted Grace: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Rob Wertheimer at Melius.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi. Thank you. I'd like to dig into a couple of the margin drivers that you guys called out, which was helpful. Basically trying to figure out how temporary they are. Fleet repositioning, I wonder if you could kind of expand on what the dynamic were that led to that. I think you said maybe broadening out of growth. Is that repositioning done and thus that kind of headwind fades? Maybe the same question just on mix that's related specialty, whether that reverts or whether you see continuation of that mix profitable ROIC but lower margin drag. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, Rob. I'll talk about the repositioning a little bit, and Ted can touch on the mix. So just think about the past couple of years before 2024 when we had such broad-based growth. We really didn't pull any equipment from any market. Everybody had the opportunity to put the fleet they had to work, and in some instances, even more. Right? So when we think about now where major projects are really driving a big part of our growth, and the local markets are varied depending on where you are. Now instead of just sending new equipment to manage these new projects, right, which was a much more cost-effective way because it's coming right from the manufacturer, we're relocating equipment. Right? So we're staging equipment. We're bringing it in from other places to serve these large projects. So I think that fleet balancing is what we're referring to that's driving a little bit of extra cost when you think about what we're able to do historically. Then Ted on the mix.
Ted Grace: Yeah. Rob, in terms of thinking about especially in the quarter itself, the mix, certainly, the ancillary grew there at a healthy pace. Relative to OER, still had very healthy OER growth. We had an uptick in delivery and for a couple of different reasons. Part of that would have been Yac. Part of it would have been the repositioning of fleet just given the nature of projects pending and starting and just the greater dispersion in growth we've talked about all year. So would have been about 150 basis points of the 600 basis point decline in gross margins. That will really depend on how the year itself plays out. Elsewhere within that margin construct, we probably had about 50 basis points of impact from higher subcontract labor. Those are value-added services we're providing to customers to really help them with their projects and alleviate pain points in their business processes. So that again is really driven by serving our customers. There's another 30 basis points related to fuel services. Again, one of those ancillary services we do at the request of customers. When you add that up, you'd be looking at the better part of 230 basis points or so, I think, related to that mix. Depreciation, just to dimensionalize that, that was another important part of that. Revenue bridge. That was about 330 basis points of the 600 basis points in specialty gross margins, really all of which related to Yac.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. That makes perfect sense. Then just as a minor follow-up, I know repositioning will continue as the market continues to shift. But would you say it's, you know, lumpy, the work is in one Q is the bulk of it, or does that continue on through the year? I'll stop. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: The honest answer is we're on top of it, but we're not sure. We certainly did a deep dive when we saw the drag on the margins and looked at and we're pretty comfortable with decisions the team made. But I would say, you know, this is really an output of where the demand shows up and where we have to put the fleet. We are on top of it. We've got a pretty good system to make sure we're making the right decisions and bidding out to third-party haulers in an effective manner. If there is an anomaly, we'll report it out to you guys as it comes along.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Angel Castillo at Morgan Stanley.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to kind of continue on that. Ted, I was wondering if you could expand just on the kind of uncertainty of whether these headwinds may persist or not. What does that kind of imply in terms of your ability to deliver either on the low end or the high end of the guide? Just kind of any implications there would be helpful.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. I'm gonna jump in here, Angel, just to be clear so that no one misconstrues my answer to Rob's last question. We're not implying that all these costs are gonna persist or not. When you think about the ancillary, that's really an output of what customers' needs are. It's a good decision. It's gonna bring us more EBITDA dollars. It's just if the revenue construct gets higher than the midpoint, the EBITDA might not move along with it at the same pace as ROER rentals. But it's still the right decision. We're putting money in the till, so to speak, and taking care of our customer. When I was speaking to Rob about was that whatever it is, ten to fifteen million dollars of repositioning. We don't really know how much of that will repeat because it's gonna be responsive to where the equipment needs are. Ted, please.
Ted Grace: I think that answered the question.
Angel Castillo: Perfect. That's very helpful. To the last part of your question, contemplated. This isn't a big enough number to move us anywhere within the guide. We feel very comfortable about reiterating the guidance.
Angel Castillo: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. Maybe you expand a little bit more on just the underlying demand trends? It sounds like your customers remain pretty optimistic here. Just curious, how did you see utilization or general overall demand shift or change between January and February versus maybe March and more recently April and what you're seeing there?
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. We don't really talk about monthly sequential in any way, shape, or form, but the year is playing out as expected. We talked about it being very similar to 2024 when we came out with the guidance in January, and that's what we're seeing. We really don't talk about whether we're big enough now and diverse enough that we don't have those type of issues to have to call out. I would say that the year is playing out in a standard seasonal growth pattern and gives us a lot of confidence that there will be the demand to meet our goals here, and that's why we reiterated our guidance.
Angel Castillo: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess two questions. One, Ted, just for you. Understanding the puts and takes of the margins in the quarter, the incremental margins in the quarter. I'm just wondering your confidence in the 50% to 60% through-cycle incremental margin for United Rentals, just given where the incrementals have been. It seems aggressive, like, the top line just had to grow the double-digit rate in order for you to achieve that. So just your confidence there, maybe we should start thinking about EBITDA growth versus incremental. That's my first question. Then my second question, obviously, the cash flow is strong. The increased authorization is a positive. But just what you're seeing on the M&A front with the H&E deal falling through. Wondering, given the uncertainty in the market, is there opportunities for you guys to sort of be more opportunistic in your preference for specialty versus generative? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yeah. Jamie, I'll take that first one. I think Matt will probably take the second. But nothing has changed in our view of our ability to drive margin expansion over the course of the cycle. One of the things we've talked about over really 2024 and now 2025 is the fact that we're in a relatively slower growth phase of the cycle. It's still relatively inflationary. It's not our expectation that these kinds of conditions will last for a multiyear period. Our expectation is that the economy and our markets do obviously accelerate as you get more accommodated Fed and better interest rate policies that support overall economic growth. As we get there, that obviously gives us the ability to leverage fixed costs more efficiently. Nothing has changed from that perspective. The other thing that's just something we highlighted today was obviously this revenue construct and the impact we've had from providing more ancillary, which we view as a good thing. It has the effect on margins and flow-through we've talked about, but it's very good business that supports customers and adds EBITDA dollars, just not in the same margin we would in our core business. If there's any follow-up on that side, let me know. Otherwise, I'll hand it over to Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. So from the M&A front, we had a pretty robust pipeline before the H&E deal, and that pipeline remains. So the focus areas that we really like to hone in on, certainly, it's adding any new products and services to our customer base. We've done very well with that. When you think about Yac and general finance before that. So that's our primary focus. But adding more capacity within specialty where we still have white space and penetration opportunities to support this double-digit growth trend that we're on would be another area of focus. There's still a pretty good pipeline that the team's working through. We have plenty of dry powder as we talked about earlier. At 1.7x leverage and a strong balance sheet. We have the capability. So we certainly are still in the M&A game. We just have to find the right dance partner and make sure it meets our very high bar.
Jamie Cook: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Michael Feniger of Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the specialty growth, even ex M&A up fifteen, just you touched on it earlier. Is there anything you can flesh out in terms of what's driving that in terms of end markets, product lines? Is it gaining more customer share? Wall is it the cold starts? Just your confidence on that kind of double-digit growth rate that we've kind of seen from specialty, you know, so far for the rest of this year.
Matthew Flannery: Well, I think it's all of the above. Right? When you think about the example I gave in the opening remarks, about even with long-standing relationships, as we continue to add more products and services to our portfolio, even with long-standing relationships, we find we have opportunities. They have to have the demand. So the kind of projects that specifically our larger customers tend to have are more complex and need more support. We're there to meet that support. I think that's driving a lot of the specialty growth. But then also as we add these new products to our platform and the ability to scale them up, is another big opportunity, and we still have white space there. That would be dismissive of what's happened in one of our most established ones, which is power. Our power HVAC team is still growing double digits, and one of our strongest growers in the company has not only get more penetration but add more products to their portfolio. It's really across the board, which is why you hear the confidence in our voice, a double-digit growth, for especially for the foreseeable future.
Michael Feniger: Great. And, Matt, just to follow-up just like GenRent is still positive, but clearly in a slow growth phase right now. Just in terms of the cycle, how to think about it? Do you have to go negative first before we see a reacceleration? Now based on the conversations in the field, what would be that catalyst for a reacceleration? Is it more de-escalation of tariffs? Is it Fed rate cuts? Is it deregulation? I mean, if you look back in 2009, obviously, that was a very severe recession. There was just a very long lag for non-res to recover. Do you think that is the case, this go around, we're kind of talking about maybe a reacceleration in some areas like the local markets or some areas that have been soft? Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. So we certainly don't think it needs to go negative. We feel like we're in the slow part of the cycle. We're not going negative. But to your point about the local market, we're much more highly penetrated in the local market with GenRen. That's a bigger needle mover for them. But they still have some of the opportunities that we have in large projects to help offset that. I think although most of our gross growth is coming from specialty, I think our Generant team is well-positioned to as the market picks back up, as a local market repairs, whether that's driven by interest rates, just overall stronger economy, whatever, we're very well-positioned. We've kept our capacity. We didn't overreact to the slower growth. Although maybe it drags on margins a little bit, it's the right long-term decision. So we feel really good about where we're positioned. We don't think we have to turn negative for an acceleration.
Ted Grace: Mike, I might just add from a vertical perspective. The two areas that have been most challenging there have been residential and residential-related. Kind of call it the oil patch. So, you know, I think those are verticals that people understand have had kind of unique challenges. But to the degree you saw those inflect, that would be a positive for the general rent growth.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Tim Thein of Raymond James.
Tim Thein: Oh, great. Thanks. Just to want to circle back as a follow-up on the earlier question on tariffs. Ted, you covered it with respect to the CapEx impact from new equipment, but I'm just curious from an OpEx perspective, to the extent we were to see parts pricing change or be impacted by tariffs, is there protection there? Or how would we think about that? I guess, it's hypothetical at this point, but you maybe just update us on that point.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. It's a fair point, Tim, but still all negotiated for 2025. We're locked in for 2025. But it's no different than the fleet cost we negotiate our parts and our fleet cost with our partners annually. In 2026, if some stuff there, we're gonna have to make sure we're aligned with the folks that can either bypass having to push them on or avoid them altogether, and that'll be part of our 2026 negotiation. But nothing that we see in 2025.
Tim Thein: Okay. Okay. Then, Matt, just you highlighted it as if several others is the strength of the larger national account business and how we've been dealing with this softness in the local account business, which is our market for some time, which seems to be continuing. But I'm just curious if that a, is that creating any sort of a mix headwind for United? I guess if so, it would could it be more pronounced in what is a seasonally softer quarter? Just normally, slower activity in the first quarter. Is that more pronounced or none of the above? I'm just curious from a mix. Impact is there any sort of headwind there?
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. I don't think there'll be any further headwind to your point about Q1 being a slower part of the year and not the part of the year we bring in the more CapEx. That could have some impact on that repositioning cost that we talked about. From an ancillary perspective, it's really mostly driven by the very high level of growth in specialty in the products and services we provide with that offering. So nothing that I think's gonna change seasonally. It'll depend. I think we'll continue to see the demand and therefore where we put our fleet. To play out similar to 2024. I guess the one difference would be as we continue to grow the Yac business, we continue to grow the specialty footprint through cold starts. I think that's driving some of the ancillary for all for good reasons, really for good cross-sell growth.
Tim Thein: Okay. Alright. We'll leave it there. Thank you for the time.
Operator: We'll go next now to Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if we could just pull on the M&A thread, you know, one of the hallmarks of where you folks would add value over the years has been just M&A and the ability to improve those operations. So as we sit here today, given the size of the company, can you just talk about how active the runway is on a multiyear basis on the M&A pipeline? There's some concern that the magnitude of acquisitions that you folks have been able to deliver in the past that opportunity might be slowing. So, you know, if you just talk about what that looks like on a multiyear basis as you sit here today.
Matthew Flannery: We don't really forecast to that or plan, like, any kind of budgetary goals for M&A, we think that leads to bad behavior. But as far as when we're thinking about what the pipeline looks like, I mean, we don't have the expectation that we don't have enough runway on M&A. Whether it may be more like a string of pearls or even big pearls when we think about where can we fit out some of the specialty offerings. But I don't think we sat here a couple of years ago and said, wow, matting would be a great thing to add. So we're continually investigating new opportunities. But there's still some chunky deals out there, certainly not as much on the GenEd space as what the other opportunities are, but we still think there's plenty of M&A run. We don't really put a target on it, Jerry, because that's not the way we think about it. We're just constantly working the pipeline and see what meets our threshold and what could be a good use of capital and strategically beneficial.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the color, Matt. Separately, obviously, you folks pulled cost levers really well in recessions. As we think about a potential recession scenario, can you just talk about the levers that you could pull in this coming cycle? So we spoke about ancillary revenues, subcontractor costs, etcetera. To what extent if we were to see a negative economic outlook, could we see greater margin opportunities for you folks, similar to what you folks were able to deliver most recently in 2020.
Ted Grace: Yeah. I'll take that one and Matt jump in if there's anything you wanna add. At the end of the day, I think both from an OpEx and CapEx standpoint, we've got a lot of flexibility. I feel like your question was more oriented towards margins. So when you think about the nature of our cost structure and really our core operating costs, something on the order of about 50% is gonna be highly correlated to volume. So it's gonna be things like pickup and delivery and repair and maintenance, discretionary items like T&E or overtime. Those we can flex very readily and they move with demand. So that part of it we feel very good about modulating in the downturn. You certainly saw that during COVID as an example. There's a relatively small part of our cost structure that we would be with fixed. It's probably on the order of the very low double digits. In between, it's really a function of labor and benefits, and that is as flexible as you're willing to make tough decisions on teammates, and that's something we wanna protect at all costs when we're able to. So it's really gonna be the interplay of how does volume perform versus how do we manage those costs. Certainly, we feel very good about what we demonstrated in 2020. We've only gotten better at managing the cost structure. But a lot of this would obviously depend on the nature of a downturn.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. I would just add to Ted's point. How deep and how long would make the decision? So that middle 30%, let's call it, for lack of a better term of our cost. Just to remind people outside of 2008-2009, when we had to do significant layoffs, during COVID, we made the opposite. Holding on to that capacity really paid off coming out of that. So that would be what our future outlook would be in a downturn, and we're certainly not trying to speak that into our future. Would depend on how aggressively we'd act.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to come back to just want to come back to the ancillary pickup. I know you gave us some good color on the fact that it was the YAC inclusion and some of the fueling services. I'm just kind of curious if there's any other sort of broader reason, kind of why now, why this is all happening? Obviously, Yac is new, so that would make sense. But are you implementing specifically new initiatives to target the fueling operations? Are there any other particular services that you're kind of trying to bring forth to clients, your customers' attention that they can kind of roll this out?
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. So to your latter part of your question, the answer is yes. We're continuing to look at ways where we can solve more problems for our customers. Right? In an effective and profitable way. So Yac certainly was a big driver for it. But even when you think about as we're growing our mobile storage and modular business, the setup for that falls into this category. Fueling, whether it be not just for generators, but for equipment overall, is another pain point for the customers that if we can continue to increase that touch point, we'll do that. So it's a little bit of both. It's the growth of the platforms, like matting and modular and mobile storage, that's driving a lot of it, but also some additional services that we're offering.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. Then just to come back to the margins for a second, just so I'm totally clear on this, obviously, the incrementals are implied to be higher for Q2 and Q4. Can you just remind me what the reason is that what's gonna drive that improvement in the second part of the year? What's gonna be different relative to the first quarter? Thank you.
Ted Grace: Well, I think this is where it's important to decompose kind of what happened in the first quarter. Right? So you can look at it as you said flow through, we look at margins, but down nominally 150 basis points ex H&E termination fee and ex used. But when you cut through kind of the ancillary and dynamics we've talked around repositioning, down 70. That's really how we think about that core performance. Certainly, as we progress through the year, get into the busier season, and you lap some of these costs, some of which were transient, we would expect the business to perform as expected. The degree where we land is going to depend on how that revenue ends up working out from the standpoint of ancillary probably as much as anything.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to Kyle Menges of Citi.
Kyle Menges: Hi, thank you. Could you guys just touch on the level of confidence in the backlog for the rest of the year? I understand visibility might normally be about six months out. Can you just talk about maybe the level of visibility, and is there more visibility in the backlog now just given more mega projects in the pipeline? Do you have any sort of sense on what percentage of your backlog is mega projects at this point versus maybe last year or kind of in a more normal year?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Sure, Kyle. So I think as far as the profile of the demand from major projects to the rest of the business is pretty similar to what it was last year. Maybe ticked up towards major projects, maybe a hair. But pretty similar. I think as far as the forward-looking visibility, certainly higher than the six months on the project. Because we gotta plan with our partners. So we have more visibility there. I think the backlog data is supporting six months plus of backlog. But more importantly, our customer confidence index continues to give us confidence about the balance of the year. Our leadership team and sales teams are connecting with our customer on a daily basis out in the field is continuing to give us solid feedback. Then our metrics, our actual execution of what we're doing with fleet on red, and utilization rates. We have confidence that, for the balance of 2025, we see the runway ahead, and that's why we reiterated our guidance.
Kyle Menges: Got it. Makes sense. Then just another tariff question, more related to the value of your used fleet. How should we be thinking about maybe the value of the used fleet and the overall used market just given maybe some tariffs on new equipment? Are you seeing any early signs of that just in the used market related to tariffs?
Matthew Flannery: No. It's way too soon. I mean, I don't even know if people have finalized what their costs are gonna be in for most of these vendors. But theoretically, to what you're talking about, like it did post-COVID, if the new equipment pricing were to increase out of the ordinary, that would act as an umbrella unused pricing values. We certainly have seen that in the past, and we would expect that to happen. We don't feel at all that's what happened yet or is what driven the volume that we experienced and demand we experienced in Q1. It's similar to what we had planned for and what we expected. I think it's more about the demand out there in the end market. To your first question you asked earlier, it's another area of confidence for the outlook for the rest of 2025. Sold a record level of OEC, and I don't think people are buying equipment to park it in yards. So there's still a good amount of work going on out there.
Kyle Menges: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, Kyle. We'll go next now to Tami Zakaria at JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for all the comments so far. I have only one question. I think I heard you mentioned that local markets are more indexed to your GenRent offering right now. I'm curious. Is there a structural barrier or reason why specialty maybe could not become a bigger part in local markets, meaning is there not a scalable market for specialty at the local level? Or could over time specialty could become as big at the local level as it could be for the national accounts?
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. I think as our specialty business matures, they'll get more penetration locally. But I think the one big part of our one-stop-shop strategy is cross-selling. So we prioritize, overall, as a company, our larger half of our customer set tend to be more on projects and with bigger customers. So when we get new offerings, we really focus on that part of the cross-sell because they tend to do more complex projects. This is a decision for us. It doesn't mean that people that there's not local trench work, that there's not local temporary power work. It's just our profile and the way we go to market. The maturity of GenRen is so much further down the road and also through a lot of acquisitions that they're just the reality is they're just more penetrating. We do have that opportunity in the future for specialty to continue to get more penetrated locally.
Tami Zakaria: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Ken Newman of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I know it's a smaller part of your mix, but I was curious. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the smaller local accounts and just the expectation for that to the rest of the year? Just trying to get a sense of how much padding there is in the guide if that does get incrementally softer as the year progresses.
Matthew Flannery: It's really the area that we have the least visibility to. But when you take the aggregate of whether you're looking at a branch, a district, or a region of the activity in there, where the field is very close to the local market, and then they do their forecast, we feel confident that we have enough visibility through that ground-up mechanism to stay within the ranges of our guidance and certainly hear the confidence in our voice of reiterating. So we don't expect that. With that being said, you know, it is still a smaller part of our business. Therefore, the impact of that variability would be a little bit less than something happened in a macro that impacted our national accounts. Remember, for people that remember years ago, when we moved to larger customers' national accounts, it wasn't because of mega projects. We didn't know this was gonna be a thing or these tailwinds that we talked about. It was because when work does slow down, we do feel that larger contractors sell deeper into the pipeline. We needed to be aligned with those. We learned that through the 2008-2009 recession, and I think that would also be a buffer to any kind of change. I think we're better positioned with those customers.
Ken Newman: Okay. That makes sense. Then just quickly for my follow-up, I just have a clarification question on Yac. I know there's already been a lot of talk about inflation and tariffs. I know you depreciate those assets at Yac to zero, I think, over a two or three-year period. Obviously, lumber is much higher on a year-over-year basis. Can you remind us how margins in that business could or maybe it doesn't fluctuate with spot lumber prices?
Matthew Flannery: I don't think we've experienced much of that ourselves in the kind of woods we're buying. But certainly, we feel comfortable that they can maintain their margins. We'll just leave it at that.
Ken Newman: Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks, Ken. We'll go next now to Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Just on specialty rent, curious. It's come up a few times, but this year confidence and continued double-digit growth, very impressive. Curious, could you delve in? You've seven product categories. Is everything growing? Is there disparity or some carrying the weight and others not keeping up? Just kind of discussing across all seven platforms. Is it the cold starts that's really driving it? Are you getting market share gains, pricing? Just curious to go in a level or two deeper on how you think you are differentiating in those markets. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. No. It's pretty broad, and we've talked about that in the past, how even some of our more mature, especially businesses, we're growing double digits. So each quarter, it may be a little more choppy, but you'd have to think about the newer platforms with more white space and more cold starts are gonna grow faster. But power being, I think, one of our most mature, continues to be one of the leaders in the pack on growth. So it's across the board. It's partly driven by penetration and a big part of it driven by our go-to-market. Right? So between the white space and our go-to-market and continuing to sell into our targeted customers, we're probably taking share. As they maybe were using a myriad of smaller type providers. I think the fact that we can bundle, it's a big advantage for us and why we're seeing that growth and have confidence in that future growth.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Just one more specialty in ancillary, kind of following up a bunch of questions there too. But it seems like you all maybe have more to say there. It sounds like you're digging in perhaps acquisitions, can help in that space or maybe some internalization delivery or setup of maybe less outsourcing. Maybe we hear from this from you all in the future, but I got the sense on earlier questions. There's more you could and would be open to saying, so that's why I'm asking it now.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. I mean, certainly, we're always looking at ways that we can be more efficient. Insourcing is one of the ways that we'll do that. We'll always balance what we think we are better provider at versus what we can do. Even within the fueling, we'll use some outside parties to help. That's certainly depending on the need. So it is gonna be a mix. We do look at in some of our businesses, how can we be a better provider of these ancillary services, but I wouldn't point to any specific targets right now for a couple of reasons. But it's a good thought that you're having and consistent with our continuous improvement mindset of how can we do better from a service and margin perspective.
Scott Schneeberger: Got it. Thanks, Matt. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thanks. We'll go next now to Steven Ramsey of Thompson Research Group.
Steven Ramsey: Hi. Good morning. Wanted to think about cross-selling. You've done well going from GenRent to specialty. I'm curious if there's any color on cross-selling within specialty with these more mature categories and then being able to add on some of the less mature groups within that segment.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. It's a great point. It's something that we focused on with our teams in some that we're working on actively. Some of these acts naturally go together. Right? When you think about how we've organized our ROS business, right, which was our restroom trailers and porta johns along with our modular business. You would take setups on job sites. So that's one of the areas where we've really focused on putting those together. When we think about what we did with our pump business when we bought Baker, and make a full fluid solutions, now we've made it a whole separate region of fluid solutions, right, to treat, transfer, and contain. So there's many examples of us doing that, and we continue to try to find as many opportunities we can to make it seamless for the customer. That's really what the bundling is all about. If we make it easier for them, to streamline their vendors and to have one solution provider, it's a win-win situation.
Steven Ramsey: Okay. That's helpful. Then one other thing on the ancillary re-rent. Comp getting relatively tough for the last four quarters. Two to three percent benefit on top of inter-rental revenue. Do you expect that same level of benefit in the rest of the year?
Ted Grace: It's a great question, Steven, and that's something we're trying to figure out. At the end of the day, it is being responsive to what customers are asking of us. If we just look at that relative rate in the first quarter, you know, we grew 19% ancillary versus 5% OER. So call it, you know, four times relative rate. Part of that was, of course, Yac. But last year, you know, we grew at about, I wanna say, two times the rate overall. So we've seen an acceleration, you know, thus far. It's hard to predict exactly how this will play out. It is part of our strategy. You heard Matt talk about that. This is being that partner of choice to our customers and making their lives as easy as possible. Time will tell, and you know, we'll have an update in July, obviously, about how this progressed in the second quarter.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks, Steve. Thank you. And, gentlemen, that's all the questions we have this morning. Mr. Flannery, I'll turn things back to you, sir, for any closing comments.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator. To everyone on the call, we appreciate your time. Glad you could join us today. As always, our Q1 investor deck has the latest updates, and Elizabeth is available to answer your questions. Please stay safe, and we look forward to speaking to you all in July. Operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: Thank you very much, Mr. Flannery. Again, ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's United Rentals earnings conference call. Again, thanks so much for joining us, everyone, and we wish you all a great day. Goodbye.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals' Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you operator and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining our call. We are pleased to report our solid fourth quarter results yesterday as the year culminated with record revenue, EBITDA and EPS. We again saw growth across our construction and industrial end markets as well as continued strong demand for used equipment. Our team doubled down on being the best partner of choice for our customers. Our diligence on safety, coupled with unmatched service, technology and operational excellence translated into the results we reported. Importantly, all of this sets the foundation for our future growth. Today, I'll discuss our fourth quarter results, followed by our expectations for 2025 and finally, recap why we are excited about the H&E acquisition we announced a few weeks ago. Then Ted will discuss the financials in detail before we open up the call for Q&A which we will keep focused on United Rentals as a stand-alone company. Our plan remains to update the investment community on the combined companies after the transaction closes which is still expected by the end of our first quarter. So with that, let's start with the fourth quarter results. Our total revenue grew 9.8% year-over-year to almost $4.1 billion. And within this, rental revenue grew by 9.7% to $3.4 billion, both fourth quarter records. Fleet productivity increased by 4.3% as reported and 2% ex Yak. Adjusted EBITDA increased to a fourth quarter record of $1.9 billion, translating to a margin of over 46%. And finally, adjusted EPS grew year-over-year to $11.59, another fourth quarter record. Now let's turn to customer activity. We saw growth in both our gen rent and specialty businesses. Specialty rental revenue impressively grew more than 30% year-over-year and even without Yak, a strong 18%. These results were driven by rental revenue across all businesses with a combination of solid same-store sales growth and an additional 15 cold-starts putting us at 72 for the full year. And as a reminder, these specialty cold-starts are a key element to accelerating our growth in this high-return segment. By vertical, we continue to see similar trends to the rest of last year with non-residential growth helping to fuel construction and industrial growth driven by manufacturing and power. And we saw new projects across data centers, chip manufacturing, sports stadiums and power to name a few. Now turning to the used market which continues to exhibit strong demand. We sold over $850 million of OEC in the quarter which was a record for any quarter in our history. The depth and health of demand in the used market is allowing us to rotate our existing fleet to ensure we can serve our customers' needs efficiently. This is evident through our full year CapEx of over $3.7 billion. And as a result, we drove free cash flow of nearly $2.1 billion which translated to a very healthy free cash flow margin of over 13%. The combination of our industry-leading profitability, capital efficiency and the flexibility of our business model enables us to generate meaningful free cash flow throughout the cycle and in turn, create long-term shareholder value. To that end, we returned over $1.9 billion to shareholders last year through a combination of share buybacks and our dividend. And while we paused our share repurchase plan ahead of the H&E closing, I'm pleased to announce we'll be raising our quarterly dividend by 10% year-over-year to $1.79 per share. Now let's turn to 2025 which we expect to be another year of growth, again, led by large project growth. Customer optimism, backlogs and feedback from our field team, combined with the demand we're carrying into the new year, all support our guidance. This was reinforced at our annual management meeting which we held earlier this month in Houston, Texas. Where we discussed how a key element of our culture is the quality of people who work for United Rentals. And this was on full display in Houston, as over 2,600 team members came together to focus and engage on being the partners of choice for our customers through our differentiated value proposition. Finally, I'd like to reiterate what I said 2 weeks ago when we announced our intent to acquire H&E. We're very excited to combine 2 complementary businesses. The transaction checks all 3 boxes we require when evaluating M&A: Strategic, financial and cultural. Growing the core is a key component of our strategy and I'm really thrilled to have the opportunity to add high-quality capacity, meaning people, fleet and real estate to the United Rentals team. This will allow us to better serve customer demand over the long term. It will also accelerate our growth, all while generating compelling returns for our shareholders. It's really a win-win outcome. Things remain on track for a first quarter close and there are no further updates to provide you today. In closing and building upon what I just discussed with our latest acquisition announcement, we remain focused on being the best rental company in the industry. Our unique value offering, industry-leading technology and our go-to-market approach, combined with our capital discipline, give me confidence that we're well positioned for both customers and shareholders for the long term. We continue to progress towards our 2028 aspirational financial goals which we laid out in May of '23 and look forward to delivering on these results as we continue to execute our strategy. With that, I'll hand the call over to Ted and then we'll take your questions. Ted, over to you.
Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt and good morning, everyone. As Matt just shared, we had a strong finish to the year, setting both fourth quarter and full year records for total revenue, rental revenue, EBITDA and EPS which supported the attractive returns and significant free cash flow we also generated in 2024. So with that said, let's jump into the numbers. Fourth quarter rental revenue was a record at $3.42 billion. That's a year-on-year increase of $303 million or 9.7%, supported again by growth from large projects and key verticals. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $177 million or 6.9%. Breaking this down, growth in our average fleet size contributed 4.1% to OER, while fleet productivity added another 4.3%, partially offset by assumed fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary and re-rent grew by 22% and 30% respectively, adding a combined $126 million to revenue driven primarily by strong growth in specialty and hurricane-related work in the quarter. Turning to our used results. As Matt mentioned, we took advantage of a strong market to sell a record amount of fleet in the fourth quarter, generating proceeds of $452 million at an adjusted margin of 48.9% and a recovery rate of 53% on assets that were almost 8 years old on average. Moving to EBITDA, as I mentioned, adjusted EBITDA was a fourth quarter record at $1.9 billion, translating to an increase of $91 million or 5%. Within this, rental gross profit increased 7% contributing an additional $136 million year-on-year. This was partially offset by used where the ongoing normalization of the market drove a 9% decline in used gross profit dollars translating to a $21 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. SG&A increased by $36 million year-over-year which was in line with revenue growth, so good efficiency there. And finally, the EBITDA contribution from other non-rental lines of businesses increased $12 million, driven largely by strong new equipment sales. Looking at profitability. Our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 46.4%, implying 210 basis points of compression. I'm sure we'll dig into this during Q&A, so I thought it might be helpful to frame some of the key factors here. The combination of used and stronger-than-expected new equipment sales were together about 80 basis points of year-on-year headwinds. Said another way, excluding these 2 factors, our adjusted EBITDA margin would have been down about 130 basis points with flow-through a little better than 33%. Closer to the core and as you just heard me highlight, we had higher growth in ancillary and re-rent revenue that, as you know, come with lower margins. If we also adjust for these, our EBITDA margin would have been down about 60 basis points with implied flow-through of roughly 40%. While this is modestly below our long-term goal, it reflects our continued investment in key aspects of our strategy, including specialty, technology and capacity to support the long-term growth of our business during what we view as a slower phase of the cycle. And lastly, our adjusted earnings per share was a fourth quarter record at $11.59. Shifting to CapEx; fourth quarter gross rental CapEx was $469 million. Moving to returns and free cash flow. Our return on invested capital of 13% remained well above our weighted average cost of capital, while full year free cash flow totaled a robust $2.06 billion. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net leverage of 1.8x at the end of December and total liquidity of over $2.8 billion. I'll note, this was after returning a record of over $1.9 billion to shareholders in 2024, including $434 million via dividend and $1.5 billion through repurchases that reduced our share count by over 2.1 million shares. So to wrap up both the quarter and the full year, we were very pleased with the results our team achieved in 2024. Now let's look forward and talk about our 2025 guidance which I'll remind you, is standalone, meaning it does not include any contribution from H&E. As you've seen from the press release, we anticipate another record year. Total revenue is expected in the range of $15.6 billion to $16.1 billion, implying full year growth of 3.3% at midpoint. Within total revenue, I'll note that our used sales guidance is implied at roughly $1.45 billion or a mid-single-digit year-on-year decline on a percentage basis. This, in turn, implies a little faster growth within our core rental revenue, call it, mid-single digit on a percentage basis. Within used, I'll add that we expect to sell around $2.8 billion of OEC translating to recovery rate in the low 50s versus the mid-50s in 2024 but in line with pre-pandemic norms. Our adjusted EBITDA range of $7.2 billion to $7.45 billion. At the midpoint, excluding the impact of used, this implies flow-through in the 40s and flattish adjusted EBITDA margins versus as reported flow-through of around 30% and approximately 50 basis points of margin compression at the midpoint of guidance. On the fleet side, our gross CapEx guidance is $3.65 billion to $3.95 billion with net CapEx of $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion. Within this, we peg our 2025 maintenance CapEx at around $3.3 billion, implying growth CapEx of roughly $500 million at midpoint. And finally, we are guiding to another year of strong free cash flow in the range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion. Turning to capital allocation. One of the benefits of our balance sheet strategy and free cash generation are the flexibility they provide to invest in growth opportunities when they arise. As you know, we intend to capitalize on this through the pending acquisition of H&E where we will invest almost $5 billion at targeted returns well above our cost of capital. As previously shared, we are pausing our buyback program ahead of H&E and we intend to utilize our free cash flow in 2025 to reduce our leverage from roughly 2.3x on a pro forma basis to a goal of around 2x within 12 months of close. Finally, consistent with our strategy to return excess capital to our shareholders, I am very pleased to reiterate that we are increasing our quarterly dividend by 10% to $1.79 per share, translating to an annualized dividend of $7.16. So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Congratulations on a nice year. Maybe you could just touch upon the bigger than usual ancillary and re-rent. What's the main activity driving that? Was that sort of more shifting of equipment around that you got fees on? And maybe what's the next -- the expectation for the next few quarters on that, if you could even forecast it? And I suppose the bigger picture question here is on the margin side, what would you have to see in order to get flow-through back into the kind of 50% plus range?
Ted Grace: Sure. I'll start, Steve and then Matt can jump in. So on ancillary and re-rent, I think there are a couple of things. Certainly, the storm-related opportunities were a big part of both, probably more so in re-rent than ancillary, although there was definitely a benefit in ancillary. And then within ancillary, the other thing we've talked about all year is some of the benefits we've had in specialty. So in terms of setting things up, breaking them down and those kinds of services that relate to some of the new businesses we're in, those obviously have seen kind of sharp growth in '24 and that's contributed to that outperformance versus, call it, OER. Does that help on the first question?
Steven Fisher: Yes.
Ted Grace: On the second question, I think there are a couple of things. I mean certainly, relative growth rates matter. I think I made the comment just a couple of minutes ago that we think we're in the slower growth phase of the cycle. And the reason that's important is it drives relative fixed cost absorption. So as we get through '25 and we do expect to accelerate thereafter, that obviously drives good absorption that helps drive better flow-through. At the same time, in this environment, we've talked about making very intentional investments in things like cold-starts and technology that have been marginal drags. We think those have been excellent investments with great ROI. That's why we've called them out and been pretty clear that we don't want to forgo those opportunities just for the sake of an arbitrary flow-through goal. So Matt, anything you'd add there?
Matthew Flannery: No, I just -- we still always drive towards holding strong margins and Ted could take you through it. But within this guide, right, ex used sales, we expect to have margins, right, similar to year-over-year comps.
Ted Grace: Yes. And that's a good point. Just I'm not sure you asked it specifically but if you -- in my comments, I made the point that if you back out used, flow through would be in the mid-40s and we've had flat margins which we view is very good performance in this environment. I'll remind people, as much as inflation has subsided, it's certainly not going backwards. So we still have a decent amount of inflation we're absorbing. So to deliver these kinds of results, does take hard work.
Steven Fisher: Great, that's helpful. And then just maybe on the pipeline of large projects. I'm curious how that looks today relative to a year ago? What do you see as the differences in the large project landscape this year versus last year?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I'd call it very similar with the addition of that we're carrying in demand from projects that are ongoing. So when you add that to some of the newer projects that are planned to come out of the ground, we feel good about this segment and certainly feel good about our alignment to serving that part of the business. So I would call it overall, really the whole demand environment, very similar to what we experienced in '24 and our guide, right? So we feel good about the year going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Blake Greenhalgh with Bank of America.
Blake Greenhalgh: First one would be just cadence of growth in first half. Are you guys baking anything that's more second half weighted?
Matthew Flannery: So we won't get into quarterly guidance. But if you just think about CapEx as a starting point, right, we expect to spend CapEx on a similar cadence, more historically normal cadence that we did in '24. From there, there's nothing that I would call out, certainly not back weighted. We think it will flow with normal seasonality of our business. And more importantly, our customers demand, right?
Blake Greenhalgh: Great. And then on power, there's been a lot of discussion this week about renewables, grid data centers. Can you remind us how big that business is for you guys? And anything you're hearing for '25 that you want to talk about?
Ted Grace: Yes. So in its entirety, power is, call it, about 10% of our total revenue. Within that, solar and wind are a relatively small fraction. So those are not markets that move the needle terribly in our power business. So hopefully, that helps give you some sense.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, regardless of the political environment and all the pontificating on what's going to happen, there's a need for that grid to continue to be upgraded. There was long before chips and data centers and there's going to be going forward with or without the same level of chips and data centers. We're not concerned about this. This is a segment we focus on and we feel really good about.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: This Clay [ph] on for Jerry. First question here. What was the specialty organic growth in the quarter? And if you could talk to the color on the dispersion between the individual business lines within specialty, that would be great?
Matthew Flannery: We don't really get into the individual business lines too much. I'll say specialty, as you saw, showed great growth of 30%. But as I said in my opening remarks, even ex Yak, 18%. And that would be what we call organic growth. Admittedly, there's some cold-starts in there. So that's inclusive of that. But really strong growth that we feel good about. And this has been going on for quite a few years, just double-digit growth in specialty and as we add new products, as we have in the last couple of years through acquisitions, getting further dispersion of that footprint is another big driver of growth. And we think that will continue on and we'll probably do another 50-plus cold-starts in 2025 to add to that opportunity.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Super helpful. And then I guess, just expanding on the options for 2025. I know, not wanted to speak directly to the individual product lines but just curious if there's -- which ones are performing stronger relative to that average?
Matthew Flannery: Well, I wouldn't say performing stronger, they are all growing strong. I would say that you can think about where the growth is more pronounced, specifically in the cold-starts is the products that we've added over the last couple of years. So think about the General Finance acquisition and specifically here in the U.S. with Pac-Van, we continue to exceed those goals that we had to double that business in 5 years. And cold starts will be a part of that as well, continue and expand their footprint. With Yak, our most recent new product line, they're ahead of schedule on our goals to double their business in 5 years. So they're really doing well. And that's been a lot of organic growth. We haven't even broadly gotten to growing the footprint. So that's future opportunity that we're going to do there. And our ROS business, right, our Reliable Onsite business continues to grow organically and through cold-starts. So those are the 3 I'd point out. But with all that being said, one of our most mature ones is power and they're growing tremendously by adding new products and just continuing to grow their footprint. So it's pretty much across the board, Clay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tim Thein with Raymond James.
Tim Thein: Matt, maybe just starting on fleet productivity. The target that you outlined in terms of the ability to outrun inflation of 1.5%, I think still believe in that in terms of realistic target for '25? And then maybe as part of that, is there an area where maybe there's, I don't know, better opportunity in terms of whether it's time or rate? And maybe you could just speak to that in terms of how you're thinking about just the broader fleet productivity setup for '25?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So we feel really good about the performance of the team. And as you know, we won't do it quantitatively but qualitatively, we talked about back this time last year. If we were able to repeat 2023 time utilization, we'd feel really good. And we're able to do that. And so the team executed well and that's embedded in our expectations for 2025 and in this guidance. And then from there, you look at the other 2 variables, we still believe this is a constructive rate environment, really at a necessity. When you think about the amount of fleet inflation that we've all absorbed -- the whole industry has absorbed over the last couple of years, the industry needs to get price to continue to eat into that. So I think you've seen that and I think that will continue on. And then the variable is mix which is really an output depending on, right, the amount of products that grow faster, what we do with different business lines. And there's a bunch of things in there. You guys have gone over them before. But that will be the variable. And we do believe it will be positive, meaning we will be able to exceed that inflation. In its simplest form, fleet productivity is can you grow your rent revenue faster than you can grow your fleet growth and that's embedded in our guidance and we will do that again this year.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then just with the impact of M&A, obviously, as the company has grown a couple of hundred million, isn't what it used to be, United. But is there a way, Ted, just to think about that in terms of the contribution as to what we can expect from the deals done in the back half of the year, presumably that's driving some benefit? Any way to help us in terms of what that may translate from a revenue perspective in '25 as you annualize that?
Ted Grace: So we don't get too specific breaking out, obviously, the smaller deals. You would have seen there was something on the order of $300 million of deals we did, most hit late in the quarter, so there really wasn't much benefit in the fourth. In terms of rolling forward, it was a combination of gen rent and specialty. So you can think about what multiple you'd want to apply to EBITDA and figure out what kind of margin that would imply. It's not a huge part of the growth. It will contribute. These are nice deals. We're excited about them but it's not going to be very impactful in the scheme of our guidance.
Matthew Flannery: More importantly, it's all embedded within our guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kyle Menges with Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Randy [ph] on for Kyle. Looking at the guide for gross CapEx, gross CapEx up a little in 2025, could you give some color on what areas you're growing OEC during the year and any areas you plan to pull back a little bit?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So we're not really expecting to pull back on any, Randy. As we told you, we had really strong utilization of our fleet. And we think the demand environment is going to remain similar. So no reason to pull back on anything. You could imagine when you think about our growth CapEx, we talked about specialty growth and specifically the cold-starts, they'll get an overweighted amount of the growth CapEx which just to take you through that math since we haven't talked about it yet, we plan to sell about $2.8 billion worth of OEC this year. The replacement on that -- if you think about the stuff that we bought 8 years ago, it is about 20% more now, will be about $3.3 billion. That leaves at the midpoint, about $500 million of growth CapEx. And you could imagine as we think about it, more than its fair share of that will go to support our specialty growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then, another quick one. Can you just give some color on what kind of changes you've seen in customer behavior and sentiment following the election and then maybe more recently on some of Trump's executive orders?
Matthew Flannery: So we -- I'll take the first part, Ted could take the second. We could -- we had strong customer sentiment and more importantly, our field teams have been feeling good about the year all throughout '24. That's why we came out with the guide we did even though maybe there were winds blowing the other way for some folks. We see the same thing coming into this year. So our customers feel good about it. Our leadership team feels good about it. And we're really not going to overreact to the new cycle of the day. I think having that extra touches into the customer really gives us confidence in our guide and what our plans are. Ted, you could touch on the other part, if you'd like?
Ted Grace: Yes. In terms of any impact of executive orders, I mean aside from people may have whiplash, I don't think there's been too much. I do think at the end of the day, you look at our customers, you look at their sentiment, I would say it's improved since the election. And I think that's people's perception that you've got a government that's going to be pro-growth, wanting to invest in America. They've been pretty clear about that. Certainly, our customers are well positioned to support that growth and we're well positioned to support them in that endeavor. So whether it's areas of infrastructure, onshoring, certainly power, energy, obviously, Stargate was a big announcement, there's a lot of different things that will continue and/or be incremental that we think are going to be exciting opportunities in '25 and beyond. So Matt, I don't know if you want to share anything?
Matthew Flannery: No, you covered it well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Brendan [ph] on for Angel. In your press release, just diving more into that customer optimism. So you noted that in your press release, we've talked about it here today on the call. Just curious how much of that's actually translating to greater activity today? And then in any areas where it hasn't resulted in an uptick in activity yet, can you describe maybe what customers are waiting for, whether it's greater certainty around interest rates policy, labor availability or just anything else that you would like to call out, please?
Ted Grace: Yes, I'll do my best there. But to be clear, it's a sentiment-based measurement, right? So it's not measuring kind of what they're doing today. What it asks them is on a forward 12-month basis, what are your expectations for your own growth. From that standpoint, you've got an improvement in net responses, right? It's a diffusion-based index. So it's certainly something that would support the guidance we've introduced. It's hard to say too much more because we don't get granular beyond that in that kind of survey. But I guess the other thing is people feel good about, I think, just the broader environment. I mean you're beyond the election, I think people are expecting more accommodative monetary policy out of the Fed, that will be good for the economy. A lot of the things that people have been positive on remain on track. And so it's that -- I guess it's the culmination of all those things coming together that drive the economy but certainly feels like things are heading in a positive direction.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I guess dovetailing on that, so you noticed that -- you rather noted that you have a similar pipeline for the new large projects. What does your guidance contemplate for the small kind of local markets that have been more interest rate challenged?
Matthew Flannery: I would say, generally, right, speaking generality similar. Some markets have more growth opportunities than others, no different than in '24, whereas the previous year as we had talked so much about broad-based. We're really selecting who we wanted to send the fleet to, not who didn't need it. So this -- the great thing about our model and really the rental model overall is the fungibility of these assets to move them, not just from vertical but from geography. And that's what we're doing. And I think we do it pretty effectively which is why we were able to keep these high levels of time utilization over the past 2 years and we expect to do the same this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: I know you guys don't want to talk too deep on the segments, in particular but 2024 was a bit of a softer rental revenue growth year for gen rent. I'm curious if the guide assumes a similar growth profile in '25? And I guess, additionally, on top of that, if there's any way to quantify what you think the impacts from mix are that's implied in the margin guide?
Matthew Flannery: So when we think about gen rent and first specialty growth, I mean, you guys have seen the numbers and we talked about '25 being similar. So yes, at the outset, you could assume similar. The great news is we have flexibility within our, let's call it, $3.8 billion at the midpoint within that CapEx, not just the $500 million of growth but even the rest of it, the $3.3 billion modeled replacement. So we can move the appropriate assets to the appropriate markets to feed whatever growth there is. And that's really about all the color I can give you. Other than that, we will continue to feed the specialty footprint growth and cold-start growth and really, they're double-digit growth they've had for 10 years plus.
Ted Grace: I think on the second part of your question, Ken, I think from a mix standpoint, to Matt's point, '25 is likely going to look similar to '24. So I don't think we're looking for an appreciable shift in mix. If that helps answer the question to a degree.
Ken Newman: Yes, that's very helpful. And then maybe just dovetailing off the prior question here right before me, is there a way to talk about the magnitude of demand between the national and the local accounts, particularly as I think about just the rate differential between those two? Obviously, I know you don't want to talk about fees [ph] but they've had a little bit more challenges on the rate side. Curious if you're kind of seeing a similar dynamic.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. As you know, we don't get into the specific components of rate time and mix. But we've had -- we've driven positive fleet productivity. And that's really why we put them all together because it shows up in different ways with different products and with different customers. We've talked about do national accounts have -- do they leverage your spend? Of course, they do. But the truth is everybody. It's a competitive market out there and we participate actively in it and appropriately for each level. So there's nothing I'd call out specifically to any customer segment. It's just not something that's as differentiated as maybe what people think about on the outside.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: On infrastructure bill and those funds flowing, we talked to high level about large projects and I think that would be in both but more large. What are you seeing there? Are you seeing those funds flow? It sounds like you're expecting the same in '25 as you were in '24 but I want to carve out that piece specifically out of -- away from mega projects, away from small local projects.
Ted Grace: Yes, Scott, I'll take a crack at that. Certainly, we continue to see nice growth in infrastructure in terms of figuring out where the funding is coming from. That's a much more difficult process. I think if you look at some of the information that have been released right ahead of the change of administration, I think there was still something like $300 billion from IIJA that had yet to be allocated. So there's $200 billion that has been allocated. I think it's a fraction of that that's actually been spent. So we continue to feel really good about the opportunity that's underpinned by a lot of that spending that God knows the country needs the investment and it certainly had bipartisan support. So, our expectation that will continue to be a good area for us.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that. And just to the extent you can answer, what -- I assume you just made a large acquisition. There's going to be integration time on that. Could we not -- and you said what you want to do with leverage and everything and pause the stock buyback. Could we assume that there won't be any more sizable activity prior to the end of the year and just maybe some commentary on what the pipeline look like for M&A? Obviously, you went with H&E but do you have a very -- still a very large and existing pipeline? And any additional thoughts on that?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean we have a very strong team that's constantly working that pipeline. And I would say it's been consistently strong, right, for a couple of years now. And as you see, we only execute on a few of them. You could imagine this is a pretty big deal. We'll have a lot to absorb here and that will be our focus. And as Ted mentioned, we're going to focus on getting that leverage back to the midpoint. So that will be the priority. If a nice deal tuck-in comes in, that's with a new product line, then we'll have to look at that and see how that fits into the overall strategy and would we want to do that. We'll always work the pipeline and then we'll make the appropriate decision that what makes sense for our business at that given time. And there certainly is a period here where we're going to absorb -- we're going to be focused on absorbing this large acquisition.
Operator: And at this time, it appears we have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call back to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Well, thank you, operator and everyone on the call, we appreciate your time, glad you could join us today. Our Q4 investor deck has the latest and greatest update. And as always, Elizabeth is available to answer your questions. So until we talk again in April, stay safe. Operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release and todays call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the companys recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you Operator, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining our call. As you saw yesterday afternoon, 2024 continues to play out as we expected. We were pleased with our third quarter results, which continued to reflect growth across both our construction and industrial end markets. Our updated guidance reaffirms our expectations for another year of profitable growth, which we were able to deliver thanks to our more than 27,000 team members. Their hard work enables us to support our customers with world-class service and innovative solutions, all while keeping safety as priority number one. As youve heard me talk about before, we continue to double down on being the partner of choice for our customers. Were helping them solve for their goals across safety, productivity and sustainability through our compelling value proposition. Importantly, not only does our business model enable us to best serve our customers but it also generates strong shareholder value. Today, Ill discuss our third quarter results, our expectations for the rest of this year, and share some examples of how we continue to innovate and rapidly respond to customer needs, and then Ted will discuss the financial details before we open up the call for Q&A. Lets start with the third quarter results. Our total revenue grew by 6% year-over-year to almost $4 billion, and within this rental revenue grew by over 7% to $3.5 billion, both third quarter records. Fleet productivity increased by 3.5% supported by our focus on capital efficiency and continued industry discipline. Adjusted EBITDA increased to a third quarter record of $1.9 billion, translating to a margin of almost 48%; and adjusted EPS grew year-over-year to $11.80, another third quarter record. Now lets turn to customer activity. We saw growth in both our gen rent and specialty businesses. Specialty rental revenue grew an impressive 24% year-over-year and a strong 15% even if you exclude the benefits of the Yak acquisition. Our cross-selling efforts helped fuel growth across all of our product offerings, and furthermore we added 15 cold starts in the quarter, putting us at 57 year to date. By vertical, third quarter trends were similar to the second quarter. We saw growth in both construction led by non-res and our industrial end markets, with particular strength in manufacturing. It will come as no surprise that we again had multiple new projects in the quarter across data centers, airports, healthcare, and battery manufacturing, to name a few. Now turning to the used market, which remains healthy, and as Ted will elaborate on, we sold a third quarter record amount of OEC, which speaks to the strength of demand, while our margins primarily reflected the ongoing normalization of the market. As we replace this equipment and buy additional fleet to meet our customer needs, we spent almost $1.3 billion on capex in the third quarter. We continue to see opportunity to put fleet on rent and our full-year guidance reflects a tightened capex range with the midpoint unchanged. Year-to-date free cash flow is over $1.2 billion. Were on track to hit our full-year goal, which translates to a free cash flow margin in the mid-teens. Our industry-leading profit margins, focus on capital efficiency, and flexible business model translates to strong free cash generation and ultimately provides us the ability to create long term value for our shareholders. Finally, capital allocation - we returned nearly $500 million to shareholders in the quarter via share buybacks and our dividend. Our balance sheet is in excellent shape, and were on track to return nearly $2 billion this year. As we wrap up 2024, were focused on continued execution and delivering another year of records across revenue, adjusted EBITDA and earnings. Our updated guidance, which maintains the midpoint for revenue, EBITDA, and rental capex, reflects just that. We have good momentum heading into 2025, which is setting up to be another year of growth based on what we see and sense today. The tailwinds for a multitude of large, complex projects are still in the early innings, and we believe were uniquely positioned as the partner of choice with our customers. To support these initiatives, we continue to make investments in optimizing operations for both ourselves and our customers. For example, were investing in our next generation telematics products which help customers gain new insights into their own operations and allows our technicians to prioritize their workflow and best manage our fleet. Elsewhere on the innovation front, we recently announced a great example of a customer supporting technology. Our ProBox OnDemand is a Bluetooth-enabled automated tool tracking system which ensures workers have the right tools where and when they need them, and tracks tools in real time to significantly reduce worksite loss. Both of these examples demonstrate our culture of innovation and continuous improvement, but taking care of our people and helping our communities are also key elements of our culture. I was very pleased with how quickly our team reacted in the aftermath of the devastating damage caused by both Hurricanes Helene and Milton. In both instances, we were immediate to respond, putting our proven United Rentals playbook to work and providing our customers with the support needed to start the clean-up and rebuild process. To wrap things up, 2024 remains on track with 25 setting up to be another year of growth, which well discuss in greater detail in January. We continue to deepen our relationships as we partner with our customers, not only providing them the equipment they require but also helping them solve their other challenges. The combination of our competitive advantages and flexible business model coupled with our focus on profitable growth, strong free cash flow, and smart capital allocation positions us to drive long term and sustainable shareholder value. With that, Ill hand the call over to Ted before we take your questions. Ted, over to you.
Ted Grace: Thanks Matt, and good morning everyone. As Matt just highlighted, the year continues to play out as expected with third quarter records achieved in total revenue, rental revenue, EBITDA and EPS. Looking ahead, our reaffirmed guidance at the midpoint across all metrics reflects our continued confidence in delivering another year of solid growth, strong profitability, healthy returns, and significant free cash flow. As importantly, we remain focused on prudently allocating capital to help maximize shareholder value. With that said, lets jump into the numbers. Third quarter rental revenue was a record $3.463 billion - thats a year-on-year increase of $239 million or 7.4%, supported again by growth from large projects and key verticals. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $153 million or 5.8%. Growth in our average fleet size contributed 3.8% to OER while fleet productivity added 3.5%, partially offset by assumed fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary and re-rent revenues were higher by $86 million or 15%, resulting primarily from strong growth in our specialty businesses. Turning to our used results, we sold a record amount of fleet in the third quarter, generating proceeds of $321 million in a strong demand environment. While we continued to see a normalization of used pricing, our adjusted margin and recovery rate both remained high by historical standards at 49.5% and 54% respectively. Its also worth noting that our recovery rate was impacted by the age of fleet we sold in the quarter, which increased roughly four months year-on-year to 95 months on average. Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA was a third quarter record at just over $1.9 billion, translating to an increase of $54 million or 2.9%. Within this, rental contributed $132 million year-on-year. Outside of rental, used sales were a $43 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA, driven by the ongoing normalization of the used market. SG&A increased by $49 million year-on-year, primarily reflecting a larger business, including the addition of Yak and some discrete items in the quarter. Finally, the EBITDA contribution from other non-rental lines of businesses increased $5 million year-on-year. Looking at third quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 47.7%, implying about 140 basis points of compression. Excluding the impact of used, however, our margin was down about one percentage point, reflecting the impact of the investments weve talked about making this year, normal variability in costs, and the impact of roughly $15 million of discrete items in the quarter. Converting this to flow through, our incrementals would go from about 24% on an as-reported basis to 36% ex-used, and into the low 40s excluding the $15 million of discrete items I just mentioned. Finally, our adjusted earnings per share was a third quarter record of $11.80. Shifting to capex, gross rental capex was $1.3 billion, which was in line with expectations and within the range of historical seasonality. Moving to returns and free cash flow, our return on invested capital of 13.2% remained well above our weighted average cost of capital, while year-to-date free cash flow totaled over $1.2 billion. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net leverage of 1.8 times at the end of September and total liquidity of almost $2.9 billion. Ill note this was after returning a record of over $1.4 billion to shareholders year to date, including $326 million via dividends and $1.1 billion through repurchases, and have reduced our share count by almost 1.7 million year to date. Now lets shift to the updated guidance we shared last night, which reflects our continued confidence in delivering another year of strong results. As previously mentioned, we are maintaining the midpoints for all metrics and narrowing the ranges for total revenue, EBITDA, and gross and net capex, as we normally do at this point of the year. In terms of specifics, for total revenue weve narrowed our guidance to a range of $15.1 billion to $15.3 billion, implying total revenue full year growth of just over 6% at the midpoint. Within this, Ill note that our used sale revenue guidance is unchanged at roughly $1.5 billion of proceeds on OEC sales that we now expect closer to $2.6 billion. On adjusted EBITDA, weve narrowed the range to $7.115 billion to $7.215 billion. Our range for gross capex was narrowed to $3.55 billion to $3.75 billion, and our net capex was narrowed to $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion. Were still on pace to return a record $1.9 billion to shareholders this year, which translates to almost $30 per share or a current return of capital yield of about 3.6%. With that, let me turn the call over to the Operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Well take our first question from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. You made a comment, Matt, about good momentum into 25, another year of growth. Can you give us at least how youre thinking about that between specialty and gen rent growth, and also fleet productivity versus fleet growth? Im not looking for exact numbers, but just how you think about the different contributors. Then I have a second question.
Matthew Flannery: Sure David. When we think about how next year is playing out, and Ill just talk about this qualitatively because we havent even finished our planning process, and that will inform what we actually think our growth will be. But were going to have a little bit of carryover in fleet, right, that we feel confident that well put to work, and the on the demand perspective, theres still a good pipeline of large projects. The wildcard as we get deep with our customers and our field leaders is whats that local market going to do, and we talked about that a lot this year. Our assumption of interest rates starting to show some give and possibly more coming, we think at least the emotional part of that step has been heard from our customers, so people are starting to feel a little more confident. What kind of activity that actually turns into is the part that we dont have any quantitative way of feeling that out, but were going to figure out from our customers and our field leaders and then well add that growth. But when you think about the ending fleet having a little bit of growth to it, well continue to strive to drive fleet productivity. Im not going to put a number out there or forecast it, but our goal is to always drive revenue growth more than fleet growth, which is all fleet productivity measures, so well continue to do that. We think specialty certainly has more headwind. I mean, weve been, I dont know since when, but weve been eight, probably eight years-plus of specialty growing over 20% each year, and we continue to think that they have that kind of opportunity. The tailwinds that we talk about in the mega projects, infrastructure and the like really plays to our one stop shop full value offering. That also helps specialty drive more growth. Thats the way we think about it, what kind of growth and what kind of growth capex well put in, and well talk about that in January after were done with our planning process.
David Raso: Also, you mentioned the strength of the balance sheet, the cash flow. As youre aware, the sizeable acquisition in the mobile modular space recently broke apart, so Ill just give you the platform here if you want to comment at all on the attractiveness of that space - obviously you became a player with Gen Finance. If you can just touch on that, and of course any other M&A landscape comments would be appreciated. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure David. On the first part, were very pleased with the acquisition we did with General Finance. We talked about when we bought that, doubling the size of that business in five years. Were probably ahead of schedule on that, but certainly on track. We feel really good about that. For that space, we like the idea of growing off of that platform a lot, and were accomplishing that. We dont necessarily need to be the biggest provider in that space overall, we just need to be the biggest with our customers, and thats the way we look at a lot of our adjacent product lines, so pleased there. As far as M&A, we continue to look at the pipeline, right? Weve got a competency of integration and cross-selling thats unique and something that really plays well with our customers and within our organization. But the bars high, so its not always easy to get the right dance partner. We can get the strategic fit, we can get cultural fit, and the last parts financial, and our bar is high there. I think one of the reasons were good integrators is because were smart buyers, so we continue to work the pipeline and when something is imminent, well let you all know.
David Raso: All right, thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks David.
Operator: Well take our next question from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Yes guys, thanks for taking my question. I just was curious, Matt, when we think of 2025, just the puts and takes, like the last few years rate has been a good guy as weve been in a backdrop of high inflation. You guys were clearly able to pass that along, the industry was able to. As we approach 2025, Matt, if equipment pricing is softening, can you guys still drive rate in that environment, even if were in a more deflationary environment? Just love to get your view on that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, absolutely we can continue to drive rate - thats about whats your value to the customer and youve got to try to offset inflation. Even if equipment pricing stayed flat to down this year for the next batch we buy, we still have to absorb the inflation that weve been paying for the last couple of years on the fleet, which was significant. But additionally, theres been inflation throughout the business, and were going to continue to give our employees raises, we continue to have cost inflation that weve been absorbing throughout the last couple of years, so the need to continue to drive rate is certainly there and, probably more importantly, the discipline in the industry is there, so everybody is in the same boat, where we have inflation that weve got to absorb. I think the industry is creating good value and giving a good output for the customer, which is the most important part of allowing yourself to get price increases.
Michael Feniger: Fair enough, and Matt, if I could just follow up with my last question, how are you feeling with your fleet age, your fleet mix if we are in an environment where theres a little bit more megas versus local, a little bit more specialty versus gen rent? Just curious if you could comment on whether you feel your fleets in position to still be able to have a growth year next year with where the age is today. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, our fleet is a little over 50 months, I believe right now. Its the lowest its been pre-COVID, and thats even absorbing some longer lived assets that weve bought in the last five to seven years with General Finance and Tanks, so we feel really good about where it is. There is plenty of headroom if we ever had to lean on that, but thats not our expectation. Were in real good position. Like I said, were back to pre-COVID fleet age. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Well take our next question from Tim Thein with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tim Thein: Thank you, good morning. Maybe just Matt, on the topic of fleet productivity, Im curious - I think the expectation coming into the year was to maybe hold serve on time-ut. Im just curious as were nine-plus months into the year, how youre trending relative to that initial objective.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, as weve said, wed be really pleased if we were able to repeat the kind of time utilization that we achieved in 2023, and Im pleased to say thats what the teams doing, so when we talk about the components of fleet productivity qualitatively, rates still a good guy and lets call time neutral, which is a good achievement. When were talking about, just to put it in perspective, I said this previously, these are time utilizations back to better than 2019 levels, back to pre-COVID levels, so were pleased with that. Then the last part is mix, which thats the variant part. Thats the part that is an output of tens of thousands of transactions a month, and just to remind everybody, within that mix is any inflation that weve paid for the fleet thats over and above the 1.5% pay, and weve talked to you earlier this year that that looks more to be like 2.5 to 3 this year, so when we think about that fleet productivity, even ex-Yak at 1.9, absorbing that extra inflation, were really pleased with the execution of the team.
Tim Thein: Got it, okay. And safe to assume, obviously given how you layer in fleet, that that inflation even in mildly--if it were to play out where one year is equipment purchases layered in with seven, eight years, so that would still remain--that fleet inflation dynamic, that we should still think about that as a headwind in 25, correct?
Matthew Flannery: Oh, yes. That tail is going to last a little bit, a couple more years.
Tim Thein: Yes, understood. Okay. Then just going back to thoughts around capital in 25, you just brought in close to 30% more fleet in the third quarter year-over-year, and with fleet productivity, just call it 2% ex-Yak, and obviously youll typically de-fleet a bit in the fourth quarter, is the--if these trends kind of persist, would you maybe--would next year maybe lean a little bit lighter in terms of how you layer in that capex, in terms of the first half? I know its early days, but just thinking about kind of the timing of how you may think about landing fleet in 25, any thoughts on that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, without having done the work, I would just make the assumption of a similar cadence at this point, but well talk about that a little more in January after we finish the budgeting process. I dont think were going to be that far off the cadence that we typically run. Were back to a more normalized cadence as the supply chains just about fully repaired - I mean, theres just a handful of items that maybe have longer lead times than wed like, but the supply chain, our partners have done a good job getting their business back in line and their suppliers back in line, so were in pretty good shape and I think well return to more normalized cadence, similar to what you saw this year.
Tim Thein: Okay, thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: [Audio loss] on for Jerry. Youve talked about pockets of soft demand in some of the markets, particularly the local markets. How much more [indiscernible] to optimize productivity?
Matthew Flannery: You broke up a little bit. Can you repeat that question, please?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, so just on the--regarding the pockets of soft demand in some of the local markets, just curious how much more fleet you are moving geographically today versus last year to optimize productivity. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, we have a very dense network, right, and were covered just about all of U.S. and Canada, so were not--were not having any exorbitant costs or any extra efforts to have to move things more than maybe a state to state, at the most. Were not doing coast-to-coast movements or anything like that. We were asked that question in Q2, and fortunately with our business model of fungible assets, were able to move stuff within districts, so really nothing to call out there.
Unknown Analyst: Thanks, and then obviously really strong growth on the specialty side. Can you rank order [audio loss].
Matthew Flannery: I didnt catch it all again, Clay. I think you were asking us to rank order our specialty growth?
Unknown Analyst: Yes, just some color on whats the stronger areas within specialty. Sorry about that.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. I mean, we dont get too granular here, but certainly weve talked about power being a very strong region for us, and that has continued to be the case. Frankly, theres growth across all segments of specialty. They each have different variances - some are less mature and were building out, so youre kind of building off smaller numbers so you can have stronger growth rates as a result, but they all performed quite well in the quarter and have year-to-date. Thats really what youve seen in those numbers.
Unknown Analyst: Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Thanks, good morning everybody. My question is going to be on costs, and I know its not the highest growth revenue quarter - I think we talked about that last quarter, where little-ish costs show up, and I dont imagine youre managing your strategy for a quarterly SG&A number anyway. The question is really around the IT investments that youve made. Are you doing anything different there? Do you have a sense of--you know, is there a payback, are you thinking about a payback in the next year? Whats interesting about that spend there, and what are you trying to do? Thank you.
Ted Grace: Yes, good question, Rob. As weve talked about all year, we are making, call it additional investments in various aspects of technology. We do each and every year, this year theres probably a couple new programs weve talked about. Some of it would relate to, call it AI-related stuff, some of it would relate to the advanced telematics packages that were rolling out, all of which we think make the company more efficient and improve the customer experience. Im not sure weve dimensionalized them, and one of the reasons weve called them out is just to bring up the fact that in the current environment, where youre growing kind of in the single digits, not in the double digits as we had in prior years, it does have a relative impact on flow through, so as weve talked about kind of margin performance in 24, flow through performance in 24, that along with the cold starts are really the two underlying things that kind of bridge people to where we are and expect to be this year, versus maybe where they would have thought we would be in an otherwise different environment. But the investments, theyre across a broad range of things, certainly on the fleet side - sourcing, purchasing, theres a lot of things were doing there that we think are exciting, that were very confident have very attractive ROI. You certainly get into proof of concepts and then pilots, and then youve proven out and you get ready to roll it out, and then youve got change management, so theres a lot of considerations that take time to implement an example like that. Certainly weve got other examples across the business in aspects of HR, for example, but theres a whole host of them that we think are really exciting - inventory management, R&M. I think weve talked about a few different examples. They are all in varying stages and certainly some will prove to be very attractive returns, and some will prove to be not as attractive, and those are ones we probably wont move forward with. But at the same time, weve talked about augmenting our current capabilities internally with third parties, and its quite a process. I think youre probably well aware of this, Rob, but as you start embracing some of this technology, youve got to kind of go through your data, youve got to clean it up, youve got to reorganize it, restructure it so that you can lever it in these new models, and thats certainly part of the foundational work that weve been focused on in the last year, that then puts us in a position to really get even more value out of the data. Matt, I dont know if youd add anything?
Matthew Flannery: No, and I think Rob said it right in his question - were not managing for a specific flow-through number. Were not going to put long term investments aside because maybe the growth is a little bit slower. I think thats--thats the way your question was phrased, and thats the right way to think about it.
Robert Wertheimer: Thats fantastic, thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Rob.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jamie Cook with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hey, good morning. I guess just piggybacking on Robs questions, Im just trying to think through the path for potentially improved profit pull through or incremental margins next year. Ted, it sounds like its highly reliant just on you guys getting back to double digit growth in order to achieve that. Im wondering if with improved visibility because of mega, more mix towards specialty, maybe some of these technology investments paying off, is there a path--I mean, not to get to your targeted 50% incremental margin, but at least a path towards improved incremental margins 2025 over 2024. Thank you.
Ted Grace: Yes, Ill certainly touch on that, Jamie. I dont want to get ahead of ourselves. Well obviously give that guidance in January, but its dependent on a lot of things. Certainly growth is one weve talked about this year, and then call it the investments were making and/or other elements of cost. As you think about 25, certainly there could be additional tech investments conceivably - I dont want to forecast that at this point. The cold starts have been a drag - you know, weve talked about the impact that has as you start a branch and its fully burdened from a cost perspective, and yet it doesnt really have revenue and it scales in over probably two years. You think about this year, were at 57 cold starts, so weve already exceeded the total we did in 2023. As we go through our 2025 plan, well figure out what the game plan will be there. Certainly used is one of those other elements that youve got to be mindful when you think about flow-through, but when we kind of synthesize the whole thing back to the core margins and profitability, weve been really pleased with how 2024 has played out.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Jamie.
Operator: Well take our next question from Ken Newman with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning guys. Matt, I wanted to touch back on the local accounts. Correct me if Im wrong, but you do sound slightly more optimistic about the demand there in terms of stabilization. Is the expectation there that demand is stable from 3Q to 4Q, or just any color there on the local accounts specifically?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I would say the optimistic view would be supported by our customer confidence index, number one, so they remain positive. As I have said about the interest rates, theres an emotional portion of that. The fact that thats finally pivoted has got people thinking about what are we going to fund, what kind of projects are going to come back. The real question is when does that emotion, sentiment, and then future cuts turn into shovel-ready work? We dont know that. The great news is we dont need to know that. We have a business model where we can react quickly, so well talk, like I said earlier, to our customers and our field team to put this plan together, and a big part of our internal investigation will be what does the local market look like for us next year. As we build that plan, we may be right to the upside, we may be--we might be wrong to the downside, but the supply chain is back intact and our flexible business model, I feel very confident will let us react to whatever the reality is. The truth is theres no quantitative way to measure how fast these cuts will turn into revenue, but we are optimistic because of what were hearing from our customers.
Ken Newman: Right, that makes sense. Just for my follow-up, Ted, obviously youve got a couple of moving pieces here in terms of the margin improvement, whether thats [indiscernible] or specialty. You did touch on a little bit from disaster recovery and hurricanes - I know its still early days, but Im curious if you can help us quantify whats embedded into the implied 4Q margin at the midpoint at this point from hurricanes specifically.
Ted Grace: Theres really nothing. I mean, theres been no changes to the guidance, so well see what the net impact of these two events is; but certainly as it relates to our guidance, there is no change.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I mean, the impact of those storms, although devastating to the folks there and we certainly are going to help out in any way we can, both our employees and the communities and customers that we work and live in, but at the scale of our business, were talking small numbers here in the big scheme of things, and probably more a 25 event if there is some significant rebuild. But even within that, were talking small numbers in the big scale of things.
Ken Newman: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Kyle Menges with Citi Group. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Kyle Menges: Thanks guys. It would be great if we could hear a little bit more color on just what youre seeing in some of the industrial end markets, maybe if--I know you called out manufacturing, it sounds like thats been strong, but anything else thats perhaps been weak this year? I know weve heard from some other companies that industrial MRO hasnt exactly been that strong this year, so maybe that starts to improve into next year as you get some improvement in PMIs. Just anything noteworthy on the industrial side of things to call out, that could maybe improve a little bit next year?
Matthew Flannery: On our side, the one thing weve called out year to date, and it was again true in third quarter, was some of the headwinds weve got in petrochem, and its really across the board. Upstream has kind of mirrored whats happened with the U.S. land rig count. Well see what happens with investment, upstream investment in North America next year, but that has continued to be a headwind. Midstream has kind of followed on - not a surprise there. If youre not completing wells, theres no need to tie them back. Then when you think about refining and chemical processing, those also year to date have been down a bit, so that to us is more likely timing. Certainly if you look at things like gasoline demand, diesel demand, jet fuel demand, very strong. Its our sense that a lot of refineries are postponing work to the degree they can, to take advantage of the margins theyre earning, so that to us is more of a timing issue, and certainly on the chemical processing side, it would seem to be similar to refining. Other than that, industrial manufacturing has continued to be very strong for us.
Kyle Menges: Thats helpful, thanks. Then certainly the revenue contribution from ancillary and re-rents has been a nice tailwind for this year, and sounds like its been driven by specialty, so just how should we be thinking about that into next year? Should we assume continued growth in ancillary and re-rents, just given expecting specialty growth as well next year?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I mean, time will tell. If you look at that, I think it was up 15% in the quarter, so it certainly outpaced rental revenue. Part of that is Yak, the contribution they had, so as we anniversary Yak, you wont have that component as a tailwind within ancillary. But otherwise, certainly the growth weve had in specialty is also contributing to it, whether its set up, break down, fueling, those sorts of things we do for customers. The thing to just remember is we will anniversary the impact Yak has on it, but it should certainly correlate to some of that specialty growth.
Kyle Menges: Thats helpful. Thanks guys.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Kyle.
Operator: Well take our next question from Angel Castillo from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Good morning guys and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to go back to your comment about some of the discrete investments that youre making, particularly on the sourcing side that you mentioned. Just curious if you could unpack that a little bit more as to what exactly youre doing on the sourcing. In particular, I was hoping you could provide some color as well as it pertains to the equipment type that you need, perhaps between small and local markets versus what is needed in the mega projects, and any differences there and how that impacts your fleet management, your sourcing and capex.
Ted Grace: Sure, Ill take the first part of that, and I think Matt will take the second part. On the sourcing side, there are two ways we think about sourcing. One is the way we manage fleet across our own network, and so certainly were leveraging technology, new aspects of technology and data analytics to more efficiently move fleet, to improve the customer experience, to make sure that that equipment availability is there; but also to reduce costs, and there are a couple of different ways that we think we can do that. Ultimately you come back to predictive analytics and the idea of trying to forecast where fleet is and where it needs to go across multiple iterations, so youre thinking multiple steps. We think thats an area where theres a lot of opportunity for us to leverage technology. Certainly it can help with more efficient purchasing. Internally the way we think about planning, not so much as it relates to the acquisition of fleet but the way we think about managing fleet internally, I think weve always done a very good job there and this, we think, could make us a little better. I think that was the first part. The second part was on fleet by project size?
Matthew Flannery: Project size - yes. We dont expect to have any kind of large change or swing in any category. One of the things thats key to our business model, and you guys hear me talk about it plenty, is the fungibility assets. We dont get into niche items that are just for one specific vertical. Thats the exception, not the rule here, and we think thats important because with our broad coverage and our broad customer needs, its important that we can move assets from one vertical to the other vertical in case one slows down, like we talked about oil and gas, and one picks up, like we talked about infrastructure. If we got through specialized, we think--we think itd be a lot harder to have the resiliency that we have by different end markets.
Angel Castillo: Thats helpful, thank you. Then maybe just if you could talk about the trends that youre seeing, kind of in new equipment prices and supply. You talked about inflation a little bit earlier in the call, but maybe to the extent that trends youre seeing there, and then if you could comment on just the discipline in rental rates that youre seeing from independents across particularly your local markets.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, so first on the supply side, as I said earlier, were real pleased with our vendors, how hard theyve worked to get their supply chain, which was severely disrupted, in line. As far as pricing, as Ive said before, we wont talk about our partnerships and the pricing negotiated on a public forum, but I think our vendors do realize the prices increases they had to push on over the past couple of years, and I think they value the steadiness of our demand and of our commitment to them, so we feel good about our position there. To the second part as far as--what was the second part of the question, Angel?
Ted Grace: Discipline--
Matthew Flannery: Oh, yes. So as far as the price [indiscernible], you see it in any data you look at, you see it--you hear it from our public peers. I mean, the industry has grown up, and weve been talking about this for a while. Im just really pleased that people realize you cant just keep absorbing inflation and absorbing these costs. Youre just going to--youre going to hurt your business, so, and I think the value that rental brings overall, certainly we feel like we lead the way, but I think the industry overall gives better output, better value to the market. Were a much more reliable channel, a much more flexible and responsive channel, so I think thats part of the reasons why people are able to keep that discipline.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Neil Tyler from Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Neil Tyler: Yes, thanks. Good morning Matt, Ted. I wanted to come back to the cold starts and the pace of openings there. If we think about that in the context of what you said compared to 23, what drives your planning outlook for how many and where to land those starts, and how should we think about the cold starts, particularly when I think about specialty and specialty branches within that number, and how should we think about where we are in, say, a five-year view on that journey? Are you trying to put a lot of branches in place in order to capture future growth, or do you think theres a sort of more measured cadence over the next few years? If you could just sort of talk a little bit around that, that would be very helpful, thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Neil. We dont have multi-year goals that we put out. In the beginning of each year, well go through the planning process, well see who wants to fund what cold starts and who wants to fund organic growth in many different ways, and then well go through it and well communicate that in January. But just when you think about it, we still have white space, some products that are more mature, maybe not as much in geographic expansion as opposed to penetration, but in others we have a lot of new products lines that weve added over the last couple of years, whether thats our Reliable onsite business, our acquisition of Yak, and still quite frankly the General Finance team, where in mobile storage we still have white space to fill in. Thats most of what it is - its new products and/or deeper geographic penetration, and we communicate that each year. We think theres plenty of headroom in specialty overall as a team, and quite frankly one of our most mature in power still is showing tremendous growth, and theyre just doing it by penetration versus cold starts. We continue to see a lot of opportunity with our specialty business. We think weve built a unique value proposition for large projects, large plans and large customers throughout the U.S. and Canada. I wont give you a forecast of future cold starts other than to say theres lots of headroom for us there.
Neil Tyler: Okay, great. Thanks, thats helpful. I was really just trying to think about the margin impact thats taken place this year and whether thats something we need to think about as an ongoing, but I guess to some extent it is. Can I follow up with perhaps picking up on your comment about power and the penetration there? Could you perhaps help us understand whats driving that additional penetration, some of the market trends that youre picking up on?
Matthew Flannery: I think power overall is a growth space, right, as an end market vertical, and thats not just for our business but also for the industry as a whole and our gen rent products as well. But within our power business, which is power HVAC, weve got a lot of additional products that weve added in. Weve got a lot of penetration thats through deeper product offerings to existing customers, and allowing us to get into new verticals because of some of the products that weve added. Thats really--you know, the team is very innovative, very creative and very growth minded, and I think theyve done a great job deepening existing products and broadening with new products, and a lot of that in the HVAC part of the business. Thats about--without going any further on that, I dont want to get into competitive opportunities, but were really pleased with the headroom there.
Neil Tyler: Thats helpful, thank you. Thank you very much.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Neil.
Operator: Well take our next question from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Matthew Flannery: Steve, you there?
Operator: Steve, you may need to check the mute function on your phone.
Matthew Flannery: Can we move on? Im guessing Steves--
Operator: Yes, we will take our next question then from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much, good morning guys. I have two kind of end of the call questions, one for Matt and then one for Ted. Ill ask them both upfront. Matt, on M&A, is there a--you know, you have this long term initiative to grow specialty within the portfolio and mix. As you come into the new year, youre done digesting Yak, how are you thinking about gen rent versus specialty rent acquisitions? I know part of your answer will be whatever is ripe and looks the best at the time, best cultural, financial fit. But are you looking at that mix when you make these considerations? Is that heavy consideration? Then also, you made a comment on--I think it was on Davids first question at the beginning of the call about not needing to be number one in the specialty category. I just was curious if you could elaborate on what you meant. You said in Gen Finance as a good building platform, but just curious if you could elaborate on what you meant. Then Ted, for you real quick, new sales were up a lot in the quarter, I think the biggest quarter in maybe three, four years. Just curious if theres anything there unique - mega projects, a big [indiscernible]. Is that a trend, or was that a unique event? Thanks guys, appreciate allowing the time.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Scott, Im glad I wrote those down - youd be testing my memory here. But as I go through the M&A prioritization, which is how I heard your first question, its wherever were going to need more value for the customer, whether thats in a new product offering, which is mostly specialty, and we love--we would highly prioritize any kind of brand new offering to the business where we could take a reasonable good sized platform and then grow upon it through our very strong network, like we did with Yak, like we did with General Finance. I wouldnt call it that its because its gen rent or specialty, just like anything additional. If we found a new gen rent product line that we didnt carry, we would feel the same way. Then when I think about gen rent, its more like, where do we need more capacity, where do we need more density, where do we need more of an offering? When we have that opportunity, we certainly are very comfortable integrating our gen rent business, as weve done, as you can see in our history very thoroughly. Theres not as much white space geographically, but certainly a lot of opportunity to add more capacity and serve more of the marketplace. When I talked about not being number one, just for clarity, I want us to be number one with our customers. Lets use an example. For ROS, our Reliable Onsite, we dont need to have port-a-johns at every wedding or every soccer field, but when you go into a major project or you go into a plant, were going to make sure were there to support our customer a full one-stop shop value. We want to be number one with our customers and those products. I used General Finance as an example - we dont need to have modular classrooms in every school, right? Thats not the business were after. What we do need to do is make sure if our customers want a modular building or a storage container on a site for their needs, we want to be the number one in that space. Thats what I mean when I talk about that - not every product line do we need to be the largest in the industry, we need to be largest in our industry, so thats the way we look at that. Then Ted, I think new sales--?
Ted Grace: Yes, thats an easy one, Scott. Yak had an impact there. I think Yak had new sales of something like $16 million, so while you see that number up 48% nominally, I think if you backed that out, were up about 15%, which is probably a little more in line with what you would have expected.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Scott.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. Ill return the call to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Great, thanks Operator, and thanks to everyone on the call. We appreciate your time, and Im glad you could join us today. Our Q3 investor deck has the latest updates, so please take a look at that when you get a chance; and as always, Elizabeth is available to answer your questions. Until we speak again in January, stay safe, have a great holiday season, and well talk to you soon. Operator, you can end the call.
Operator: This does conclude todays program. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the Company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you Operator, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining our call. As you saw yesterday afternoon, we built upon our strong start to 2024 with another solid quarter. We're pleased with the growth, profitability, returns, and free cash flow in the second quarter as the year continues to unfold in line with our expectations. Our reiterated guidance is further proof of this. Of course, the key to these results is our team's diligence in providing our full offering across general and specialty, coupled with a steadfast commitment to safety, operational excellence, and innovation. Without the hard work of our 27,000-plus employees, the results we'll be discussing this morning would not have been possible. On our first quarter call, we discussed that we've doubled down on being the best partner for our customers. This unwavering focus on the customer is critical and drives our strategy every day, whether in our go-to-market approach, our value proposition, or in our investment decisions. We've built a diversified business model that enables us to serve our customers with broadened relationships and generate shareholder value. I'm pleased with how far we've come as a company over the last decade and for the opportunities ahead. Today, I'll discuss our second quarter results, our expectations for 2024, and what gives me confidence that United Rentals will continue to win in the marketplace. And then Ted will discuss the financials in detail before we open up the call for Q&A. So let's start with the second quarter results. Our total revenue grew by 6% year-over-year to $3.8 billion, and within this, rental revenue grew 8% to $3.2 billion, both second quarter records. Fleet productivity increased by 4.6%, supported by continued industry discipline. Adjusted EBITDA increased to a second quarter record of almost $1.8 billion, translating to a margin of nearly 47%. And adjusted EPS grew by 8% to $10.70, another second quarter record. Now let's turn to customer activity. We saw growth in both our general and Specialty businesses. And within specialty, we continue to see growth across all product offerings. In fact, even excluding the benefit of Yak, Specialty rental grew 18% year-over-year. Additionally, we opened 27 Specialty cold starts, which puts us at 42 year-to-date, and we remain on track to open at least 50 this year. By vertical, we saw growth across both construction, led by non-res, and our industrial end markets, with particular strength in manufacturing. It'll come as no surprise that we saw multiple new projects in the quarter across data centers, utilities, healthcare, battery manufacturing, and infrastructure. And if you're a soccer fan, you'll be excited to know that Freedom Park in Miami kicked off as well. Additionally, the used market remains healthy, allowing us to sell a second quarter record amount of OEC. We believe that demand for used equipment will remain strong and still expect to generate around $1.5 billion of proceeds this year. Turning to CapEx, we spent $1.4 billion in the second quarter, in line with our expectations as we added fleet to meet the seasonal uptick in customer activity. For the full year, our CapEx guide remains unchanged. Subsequently, year-to-date, free cash flow was nearly $1.1 billion. We continue to see our strong cash generation as a key differentiator and remain confident in our ability to produce over $2 billion this year. And as you've heard me say before, our flexible business model, coupled with our industry-leading profitability, enables us to drive positive free cash flow throughout the cycle and support long-term value creation for our shareholders. Now, turning to capital allocation, we returned $484 million to shareholders in the quarter via share buybacks and our dividend. Our balance sheet is in excellent shape, and we continue to plan to return nearly $2 billion to shareholders this year. The theme you've heard consistently so far today is that 2024 is playing out as we originally expected. As you saw from our updated guidance, we narrowed the range of expectations for revenue and EBITDA with the midpoint unchanged, while keeping CapEx and free cash flow intact. But let's step back from the remainder this year and look at what gives us conviction in our business even further out. First, we remain diligent in leveraging our unique value proposition. As we work through the myriad of tell-ins we've discussed many times. In fact, we've been successful in each area. The outlook for large infrastructure projects, chip manufacturing, autos, and energy and power all remain positive. Data center construction has also been an area of focus, and we continue to win in this vertical as well. All of these type of projects play into our one-stop-shop offering, and our great examples of United Rentals having all business units counted for, as we help solve more of our customers' problems. As an example, last month I visited a large data center project we'd recently won. Beyond providing the core, generous, and space Specialty products that might immediately jump through your mind, whether that be dirt, aerial, power, or trench, we're also supporting their safety and security requirements. We're providing secured access to the site with our advanced turnstiles and access control system. In addition to educating workers with our United Academy safety training, our experience and ability to help them solve their logistics from soup to nuts, differentiate us in the marketplace, and allow us to further strengthen our customer relationship. Second, we continue to grow with new products. Our acquisition of Yak, which has now been part of the United Rentals family for over four months, is a perfect example of this. The integration is well underway and progressing on track, and this is a textbook example of how we can leverage our existing customer relationships to accelerate growth with a new product. And finally, we work with our customers to ensure we are their partner of choice. This is enabled by our 1UR culture and is augmented by the investment we continue to make in technology. Our size and scale allow us to invest aggressively in both customer-facing technology, such as telematics and total control, as well as internal technology that tries operating efficiencies across logistics, fleet management, and repair and maintenance. And when put to task and working together, these investments allow us to further entangle ourselves with our customers, thus enabling future growth. So to wrap things up, we're happy with how 2024 is playing out, and we're confident that our extensive competitive advantages, combined with our flexible and resilient business model, allow us to drive profitable growth, strong free cash flow, and compelling shareholder value. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Ted before we take your questions. Ted, over to you.
William Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everyone. As Matt highlighted, Q2 played out as expected with healthy demand and strong execution, driving record second quarter revenue, EBITDA, and EPS. Looking forward, our reaffirmed guidance at the midpoint for total revenue, EBITDA, CapEx, and free cash flow reflects our continued confidence in delivering another year of solid growth, strong profitability, healthy returns, and significant free cash flow. As importantly, we remain focused on prudently allocating capital to drive shareholder value. So with that, let's jump into the numbers. Second quarter rental revenue was a record $3.215 billion. That's a year-on-year increase of $234 million, or 7.8%, supported by growth in key verticals and large projects. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $143 million, or 5.8%. Growth in our average fleet size contributed 2.7% to OER, while fleet productivity added 4.6%, partially offset by soon fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary and re-rent revenues were hired by $91 million, or 17.5%. Turning to our used results, second quarter proceeds of $365 million were in line with expectations at a healthy adjusted margin of 51.8%. The strength and depth of the market were evident in the fact that we sold a second quarter record amount of OEC at a robust recovery rate of 59%, in line with first quarter levels. Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA was a second quarter record at $1.77 billion, translating to an increase of $74 million, or 4.4%. Within this, rental contributed $127 million year-on-year. Outside of rental, and similar to the first quarter, used sales were a $30 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA, driven by the ongoing normalization of the used market that we've discussed over the last several quarters. SG&A increased $23 million year-on-year, reflecting a larger business, but was consistent with year ago levels as a percentage of sales. And finally, the EBITDA contribution from other lines of non-rental business were flat year-on-year. Looking at second quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin was in line with expectations at 46.9%. The 80 basis points of year-on-year compression was almost entirely due to the use dynamics I just discussed. Excluding the impact to use, our second quarter margin was down just 10 basis points with an implied flow-through of 44%. And finally, our adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to a second quarter record of $10.70. Shifting to CapEx, gross rental CapEx was $1.4 billion, which is in line with our forecast and historical seasonality. Turning to returns and free cash flow, our return on invested capital of 13.5% remained well above our weighted average cost of capital while year-to-date free cash flow totaled $1.065 billion. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net leverage of 1.8 times at the end of June and total liquidity of almost $3.3 billion. I'll add that we continue to have no long-term note maturities until 2027 and a very distributed tower thereafter. And all this was after returning a record $969 million to shareholders year-to-date, including $219 million via dividends and $750 million through repurchases. I'll add this has reduced our share account by over 1.1 million shares since January. Now, let's shift to the updated guidance we shared last night, which reflects our confidence in delivering another year of solid results. As previously mentioned, we are maintaining the midpoints for all metrics while narrowing the ranges for both revenue and EBITDA as we normally do at this time of the year. In terms of specifics, for total revenue, we've narrowed our guidance to a range of $15.05 to $15.35 billion, implying total revenue full-year growth of just over 6% at midpoint. Within this, I'll note that our used sales guidance is unchanged at roughly $1.5 billion in proceeds on approximately $2.5 billion FOEC sold. On Adjusted EBITDA, we've narrowed the range to $7.09 to $7.24 billion. I'll note that our guidance for gross CapEx, net CapEx, and free cash flow are all unchanged. And, importantly, we are still committed to returning a record $1.9 billion to shareholders this year, which translates to almost $30 per share or a current return of capital yield of about 4%. So, with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Raso: Thank you for the time. The question relates to the interplay between GenRent rental revenue growth versus Specialty. It caught my ear when you said thinking about growth further out, right, kind of beyond this year. So just thinking about Specialty has gone just in the last 5 years from 20% of total rental revenues to now over 30%, right? And GenRent this quarter, even year-to-date, right, it's pretty much flat widening. So I'm just trying to think about how much GenRent could fall and Specialty can offset it, right, the simple math of if GenRent is 70%, Specialty is 30%. GenRent can fall 5% as long as Specialty is growing 10%, we're still flat, right? So that's sort of the spirit of the question. So I guess directly, gen rental revenues, do we expect those to go negative in the second half of the year now that we're sort of flat lining in 2Q, in Specialties, the offset I know Specialty has some Yak in it, but even just kind of thinking of it organically, right? Because you have implied in the second half rental revenues probably still growing, call it, 7.5%, 8% in the context of the whole company growing 6% revenues in the back half. So can you speak to GenRent trends? Should we expect those to go negative and Specialty kind of carries the ship? Just curious how you're thinking about that. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, David. This is Matt. So, we certainly, it's not our goal and we're not going to predict quarters by segment, but it's certainly not our goal for GenRent to go negative. That being said, our GenRent business is much more impacted by the local market dynamics, right? As opposed to Specialty where we don't have that local market penetration for those products. And think about our Specialty business, and we're very pleased with the growth specialty, both organically and with Yak, with the M&A, that they are really tailored to broader needs. So, when we can sell our one-stop shop to a customer, think about that advantage that we have on big jobs and big customers, which is a much higher profile of specialty's overall revenue. So, I think that's really the dynamic that's playing through. And not unexpected for us, we put most of our growth CapEx into Specialty this year, and you can see our cold start. So, we know we have more room for penetration for specialty, and it's just supported even more so by the major project work and the tailwinds that we've talked about, really backfilling some of the challenges in certain local markets where that local activity is just not as high as it was, and certainly impacting GenRent more especially.
David Raso: Well, that's what I'm trying to think through, right? Everybody's just trying to figure out, Matt, like how much does the sort of softness in the underbelly of the market from typical rate impact lag now starting to slow some general projects, and how large you are now in specialty. The visibility on specialty, I assume it's also pretty tethered as well to some of the mega projects, your confidence in your visibility and Specialty can kind of carry the show. And at the same time, the gross margins are a lot higher in specialty, right? Could we actually see a mix shift that helps your gross margin? So, it's sort of a, like you're lined up better to serve the mega project specialty, it's bigger, so that's how you can kind of offset GenRent being down. And does that actually translate into a better mix just given the gross margin profile?
Matthew Flannery: Theoretically, absolutely, right? And there's one of the reasons why we continue to focus on Specialty and why we started this journey almost 15 years ago now, right? When we first started our first trench business unit. So, you're thinking about it in the right way. The only thing I wanted to clarify is we're still need to respond to our customers and what the demand is and make sure we have the right fleet in all of our businesses, GenRent as well, for what demand's coming. So, we do feel this is a transient year. We'll worry about the future as we get to the tail end of this year, but if you remember when we gave our guidance in January, we expected this local market challenge to be there until there was a bit of a transition year that we were feeling that was going to be coming in the local market. And, we'll react to the demands that our customers have, and Specialty can certainly be a boon to not just margins, but more customer entanglement.
David Raso: All right. I appreciate the conversation. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Wertheimer: Hey, everybody. And thanks for the comment about on GenRent. I guess it sort of saw it was coming and it's coming. I had a couple questions around that as well. And one is just a big picture. What's your strategy around? Are you still gaining share? Are you looking to gain share in a market that's a little bit flattening? Is the smaller end of the market actually down? You guys are flat-ish, is the smaller end of the market down? So, just sort of thinking about historically outgrown flat markets, is that kind of what's going on now and is that the desire?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, we certainly don't believe that we're giving up any market share. But frankly, we don't set market share goals, but just by definition, you'd have to believe that we think there are certainly some markets that are down in the local market business. Fortunately, because we saw this in advance, we didn't burden those branches with extra fleet. And I actually think the industry is doing a good job managing through this, and I think you see that in the metrics that are playing through. So, we're really pleased with our level of support for the work that is there in every market, including some local markets that are growing. The fungibility of our assets allows us to flex that, which has really been good. So, we don't set market share goals, but we certainly don't think we're seeding any market share. And the most important thing is with the targeted customers that we focus on, we do feel we're gaining share.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect. And then if I could just follow up, I mean, the local market is part of GenRent, but I guess it includes some megas and everything else as well. So, is the curve of mega projects still within that segment? And the lull that you kind of talk about this year, does that get offset by the wave that's still flowing in from those megas or by normal interest rate dynamics, lower rates and more projects starting and so forth? I'll stop there.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So, when we think about local market growth, we're not including the mega projects in that, right? So, as we're talking about that dynamic, but as you can imagine, where there's a lot of activity going on, there's going to be feeder plants, there's going to be other work going on around there, which supports it. And then the opposite, if you're in an oil and gas market right now, there's probably not a lot of activity, extra activity going around the local market because we all know oil and gas is one of the examples of an area that continues to struggle. So, it ties, Rob, but the way we look at it, we look at our large projects and large customers in a different segmentation than we do the local market.
Robert Wertheimer: Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tim Thein with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Timothy Thein : Thank you. Good morning. Matt, maybe I'll start with the kind of thinking about the components of fleet productivity and specifically the expectation coming into the year that maybe you could hold time flat and I don't remember if that was on a pro forma or an as reported comp versus 2023. But just going back to the comments on GenRent and if GenRent revenues were up just under 1%, but the fleet grew in total, closer to 3%, obviously, that suggests some component of time, rate and/or inflation acting as a headwind. So maybe just your -- any change to the expectation for the full year, again, just given the -- a little bit of softness on the local market dynamics that we've discussed.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Sure, Tim. So your memory is correct, right? We did talk about trying to match last years time utilization with this year, which would make the time component of the fleet productivity neutral, and that's what we've been able to do. And that's kind of -- that expectation is embedded in our guidance as we look forward. So when you think about qualitatively, we won't give them quantitatively, but qualitatively, the other components are we said in January that rate would be a good guide. I would be positive, and we continue to see that, and we continue to see that through our peers, which is great news that shows that industry discipline. And then the variability being in mix, so that's an output of a lot of different things. So we don't forecast it, but I would call time neutral, meaning we were able to achieve last year's level of time utilization, which we are pleased about. Rate a good guy and the variability to where we end up with fleet productivity will be more in the mix component.
Timothy Thein : Okay, got it. And then maybe just a comment on the M&A pipeline and just given the prospects of some potential change in tax policy on the horizon, I'm just curious, a domestically, what you've seen in terms of just discussions and how the M&A pipeline is shaping up here. And then, the international story has never been one of significance. But I've noticed two smaller deals, in the last, I know, a couple months. Has the thought process changed around international growth more broadly?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So, I'll take the first part first. The pipeline remains robust, right? I mean, we've been and has been for a couple of years. There's plenty of activity, both for Specialty and GenRent businesses. And you guys know what our prioritization is. If we get to see a new product offering like we did with Yak, right, that's in our sweet spot. That's primary. We think we can really be a better owner of businesses like that and selling it through our network. And then Specialty overall, we continue to look for more growth, more penetration there, because we do have more opportunity for to build density there. And then, but even in our GenRent, right, if we need capacity in a certain market and there's a good deal to be had, we've shown in the past that that will strike there. So, that pipeline continues to be broad and robust. And thinking about the international, we did recently close a deal in Australia. We have an international toehold right now, right? We have we have a business in Europe that we added a small tool business to at the end of last year. That dynamic was just strictly a tuck into the existing business we had there, selling into the same niche industrial markets and customers that we were that we were selling into. And our team there earned that right to get some of the support for their growth. And that was great. Australia is a little bit of a different story. I was able to spend some time there earlier this year. And the team there is doing a great job. And we saw some opportunity to broaden our product offering there. And there may be the opportunity one day to run more of the United Rentals Play in Australia. We're not all the way there yet. But this is definitely a dump, a jump into supporting the growth of that business there with some M&A and with a target that we think is a really good fit for the organization.
Timothy Thein : Got it. Thank you, Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jamie Cook with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess my first question, Ted, just sort of longer term, your incremental margins for 2024 below your targeted range, which we understand why with some of the spend and use headwinds. But what type of environment do we need to see for United Rentals to get back to its targeted incrementals? I mean, do we need the double digit top line? Or I'm wondering if we have single digit growth next year with sort of used headwinds easing to the point of Specialty becomes a larger versus the GenRent. That's a positive. And with some of these acquisitions getting integrated, I'm just wondering what we need to see there to get a more normalized. Can we get back to the targeted incremental? Thanks.
William Ted Grace: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jamie. So there's obviously a lot that goes into incrementals. So without saying the obvious or stating the obvious, obviously, relative growth does matter, right, growing whether you want to say 5, 10 or 15 drives different levels of fixed cost absorption. But obviously, the composition of that growth matters a lot if you think about rate versus volume. And so it's hard to say what kind of growth you need to kind of drive lift in flow through. And there's obviously the consideration of costs on top of that. If you think about this year, we're looking at what we think is healthy growth, mid-single digits overall. You'd point to flat margins in a year where, frankly, we're making some important investments that we've talked about, both on the cold start side and technology. So that kind of illustrates the importance of how you think about costs. So we absolutely task ourselves to driving kind of strong cost discipline, margin lift in some environments and under some conditions depending on where you're making investments that can be easier or not as easy. So I don't know that we want to get pinned down on what kind of top line growth you need to see for all the reasons I just went through, but what I can say is we have and we'll always have an incredible focus on driving as efficient operations as possible to drive attractive profitability.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone.
Matthew Flannery: Hey, morning, Jeff.
Jerry Revich: Hi. I'm wondering if you can talk about the 18% organic growth and specialty. Matt, how broad base is that? And what are the stronger parts of the portfolio that's above that average? If you're willing to comment, then, is it fair to assume that Specialty as a mix of the CapEx plan has moved up over the course of the year?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, sure, Jerry. We're pleased. And I said in my opening remarks, we saw growth across all the product offerings and specialty, right? You can imagine the couple that have been the largest growers, let's leave the Yak aside for now, right? But even in the or 18% standalone growth without the Yak influence, we've mobile storage where we talked about our commitment to doubling the size of that business within five years is growing strong. Power continues to be strong growth, but we're seeing it in our trench and fluid businesses as well. So it's across the board. And I think that's really important. And I think it also points to the cross-sell opportunities that we have on large projects and large customers. Like I said in the opening remarks, every business unit's accounted for on these big jobs. And we do a really good job making sure we're selling that full value prop. And I think that's helped drive a lot of this growth.
Jerry Revich: Super. And on Yak, can you just talk about what the developments have been under your ownership? Obviously, you folks have the advanced pricing tools and logistics tools. Can you just talk about how that integration has gone and any surprise and opportunities as you've owned the business for a number of months now?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So the first surprise, and not really surprise, but great pleased to acknowledge that this was a really strong team. We understand why they were a leader in the space of this product. And we believe what we really bring to the table is our network, right? Our ability to fund their growth, distribute their growth across our network and our customer base. So they were, they're a little bit capital constrained for their growth. And frankly, really good. Have a lot of technology built in to support the customer already in that business, in logistics. And we think bringing in some of our tools and our network can help grow that business. So, but I don't want to, this was not a broken business. Actually, they're quite good at what they do. They just need more support. And we're looking forward to double in this business over the next five years as well.
Jerry Revich: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yeah. Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just Matt, obviously, the last few weeks, there's been some incremental negative data points around nonres construction in the industrial economy. You guys have kept the midpoint of your guide. Some of your peers had to revise our outlook. Are you guys observing that incremental weakness? Or are you guys just being more nimble, kind of moving fleet from weak areas to stronger areas? Is that fleet movement higher than normal that you guys have seen in the past?
Matthew Flannery: No. We're seeing -- as we said, we're seeing the year play out as expected. So we're not really seeing any concerns, and I know there's been concerns and questions we've been getting about the mega project flow, large projects come and go. You heard me talk about the Miami Soccer state in my opening remarks. Remember, last year, we were talking about that was one of the cancellations or holds. So there's an ebb and flow to these projects that is normal for us. We've been doing major projects for a long time. So maybe we already had a little bit of that expectation built in. But we're very pleased with the pipeline, and we think the back half of the year is going to look very similar to what we had here in Q2. The other part of the fleet movement once again, we've been moving -- we've been supporting projects like this for a while. But this is an area where I think our density actually helps. The fact that we have a lot of fungible assets and a broadly distributed network means we've probably got most of the fleet we're going to need for any project somewhere within a reasonable distance of the area. So I do think that helps us on logistics, and it's a great part of the business model and why scale matters.
William Ted Grace: And Mike, the one thing I might add is, obviously, there are data points that everybody is looking at. And I know people struggle to make heads or tails of them. When we think about what our customers are telling us, they continue to be positive, right? And to us, that's much more telling than a given data point that tends to have a lot of volatility. So when we talk to our customers and we talk to the field, that's really what underpins kind of our outlook.
Michael Feniger: And maybe just to follow up with that, Ted, just when you speak to your customers, I'm curious, you know, as we're potentially going into a rate easing cycle, there's been some downturns where an easing cycle takes quite a few, takes time to really see that pipeline fill. I'm curious with this backdrop right now with some of these mega projects, with what you're seeing already with the customers, what do you think an easing cycle starts to look like in terms of really seeing that sensitivity to filling that pipeline up in the local markets or continuing that momentum on the mega project side? Thank you.
William Ted Grace: I think, our thought is sentiment matters as much as anything. And so the anticipation of, a more constructive rate environment likely helps for activity in terms of trying to calculate a lag. I'm not sure anybody's got a model that does that effectively, but certainly if you look at how equity and credit markets have traded the last month or so, there's certainly the expectation that the Fed is going to start easing, right? If you think about how the market started to discount rate cuts in the U.S., you're looking at about 2.7 cuts between now and year end. That number was probably 1.6 even a month and a half ago. And if you look at next year, the expectation is you're going to get north of a point of cuts in Fed funds. And obviously in Canada, I'm sure everybody's seen, but Canada has now started to cut. They've cut half a point in the last two months. So, I think when you think about customers thinking about cost of capital and the direction of the economy, we're becoming more encouraged. And that to us is positive.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And I would add that remember these tailwinds that we've talked about that we always expected would backfill any softness in some of the verticals within non-res or multi-year tailwinds. So you could see this type of, regardless of how long it takes to, for the local business to start building up and showing more green shoots again. And we have a good pipeline of work in the tailwinds that we've talked about.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning, Tim. You are I great to be on the call and thanks for the time. So I just wanted to confirm, I know you discussed time utilization rate and mix to Tim's question earlier, but overall fleet productivity, do you still expect that to remain positive for the year? And related to that, should we expect the Yak to be adding about 160 basis points to productivity for the rest of the year? Or is there seasonality to think about?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, Tam, this is Matt. So we, to the latter part of your question, there could be some seasonality there. It could be a little more. We're going to, you're not going to have to do a lot of work on that. We're going to call that out separately each quarter until we lap Yak. So we'll let you know what it is with or without Yak. And as far as to your first question, we do expect fleet productivity to be positive in every quarter this year. That was something we committed to in January and I'm really pleased to see the team executing on that. And we still have that expectation and that's what's embedded in our guide.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. One more question. Thank you for the answer. For used equipment margin weakness this quarter, can you speak to what you're seeing in the third quarter, quarter-to-date, have things stabilized or remains sort of under pressure? And how much headwind should we think about from this in the second half versus the $30 million you called out in 2Q?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So I don't think we've characterized the margin weakness as a function of the market. This is just ongoing normalization coming out of the really extraordinary period, 2022 that started to normalize in 2023 and is continuing in 2024. So Tami, just as a reminder, historically, we've recovered about $0.50 to $0.55 on the dollar selling assets. in 2022, that got as high as $0.74. At the time, we said that, that was unsustainable and really a function of the perfect storm with much better-than-expected demand and obviously, supply chain challenges. We then said we thought that would start the process of normalizing in 2023. You saw that kind of mean revert a little bit. We got $0.66 on the dollar last year. And this year, we think we'll get something around $0.60. That's where we've kind of been in the last two quarters. So we don't think it's rate pressure per se. We think it's this ongoing normalization. Those margins also remain well above historical norms. So we feel very good about that. We don't comment intra-quarter, but certainly, you can see in our guidance in my prepared remarks, we talked about $1.5 billion of proceeds and about $2.5 billion of OEC, which would underpin that $0.60 on the dollar. So demand has been very strong there. And frankly, we'd say those recovery rates have held in very well and reflect the strength of that demand. And I think that's another sign of the health of our customer. We had a second quarter record amount of OEC we sold into the market.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Tami.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Kyle Menges with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kyle Menges: Thank you. Following up on Tammy's question on the used market, just what's giving you confidence that the used market will remain strong for the remainder of this year? And then second part of the question that I noticed that the mix of Specialty as a percentage of the new and used sales picked up in this quarter. So, should we expect that to continue for the remainder of the year, maybe even into 2025? And should we assume that that's a positive mix impact to use than new sales margins?
Matthew Flannery: So, taking the first question, Kyle, I think a big part of business confidence is obviously that year-to-date resulting in line with our expectations, knowing kind of what customer activity is. And so, there's nothing that would suggest we're kind of deviating from our expectations. And you come back to customer confidence and their own expectations looking out as we ask them. So, certainly, if we saw a deviation there, we start to ask questions why we're not. And so, I think those things come together to support our views of the used market. In terms of the mix, there's just a natural ebb and flow. I don't know that we want to get into kind of trying to forecast one variable or another, but obviously, we've been very pleased with the results.
Kyle Menges: Makes sense. Thanks. And then could you just talk a little bit about where your fleet age is at the end of the quarter? And if you'd still like to bring that down a little bit, like what's a comfortable target range for the fleet age?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So I think we're a little over 51 months in the quarter. So that's -- from the peak during COVID, it's probably down 4 months. I'll remind people that when you look at that 51, there are a couple of structural changes there versus pre-COVID levels. One was the acquisition of General Finance, which added about 2 months and the other was the acquisition of Baker right ahead of the COVID period that added about 1 month, 1.5 months. So if you were to adjust for structural changes to product mix, that average age is probably something in the 47, 48 months, which is very comfortable. We've long talked about fleet age as really more of a risk management strategy. In a prospective downturn, we'd want to be able to age the fleet 12 months, right? It's just kind of a way to hedge ourselves and protect cash flow. So we are now at the point where we feel like we could very comfortably age the fleet 12 months in that kind of scenario, not the plan. But we're not trying to engineer for a given fleet age. It's really an output of decisions we make. So I don't know if that helps, Kyle, we can dig in deeper there, if you'd like.
Kyle Menges: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Angel Castillo: Thanks for taking my question. Matt, I just wanted to follow up with that and also on some comments you made earlier about just your fleet, I guess that you have an ability to move product around maybe away from some of the local markets. You left your CapEx unchanged. And as you think about having the fleet age at a place where you can essentially age it a little bit or in a good spot, plus the fact that you have the ability to move product from other areas, I guess can you talk about the decision to perhaps keep CapEx unchanged and versus perhaps kind of lowering that and utilizing what's maybe being impacted on the local markets?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So, first let me clarify. We have no goal to age our fleet. What Ted was pointing to is we have that opportunity when thinking about is your fleet age at the right place. We always like to leave that dry powder. We have no expectation of needing to use that dry powder anytime soon. And the reason that we're continuing on with our CapEx is because the team's putting it to work. As we stated earlier, our fleet productivity is positive. The demand, as you can see from our guide, we expect to be as expected. So there's really not a reason why we would then try to age our fleet forcefully and cut CapEx because we believe in the future growth prospects of the business and the CapEx is warranted because that's what the customer's demand is. As you can imagine, a big portion of that is replacement CapEx. We talked about that. About 3 billion of the CapEx is inflation adjusted to replace a 2.5-week spec to sell. And then on top of that, you can imagine that within the growth CapEx, that's really feeding the cold starts and the growth of Specialty primarily, which continues to be a good story for us.
Angel Castillo: Very helpful. And maybe just to kind of clarify, there was a discussion around the neutral utilization for the year. Could you just talk about that on the second half versus first half basis and also kind of putting it in context of kind of longer term, I believe you've kind of essentially normalized to where you think it will kind of remain, so just in the dynamic of where we were in the first half versus second half?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, what we said in January maintained. We expect time utilization, our goal is to match last year's time utilization, which got to a good strong rate and at a healthy level, and that will remain our goal. We don't really see -- we're not going to forecast it numerically by half, but we don't see any need to adjust our thoughts. And therefore, that's why we're able to reiterate our guidance.
Angel Castillo: Understood. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. So your positioning on large projects is clearly providing a variety of benefits this year. I'm just curious how active is the bid pipeline for the next round of large projects? Wondering how much visibility you have on those projects for the next year or so at this point? And how do you think those next projects are going to be different from what we've seen so far in terms of maybe the verticals or the size or duration or anything like that? Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, Steve. So I think one of the key things is to remind people is these large -- we have equipment on projects right now that started in 2022. So these are long-lived projects. The mega projects that are going on. So we expect this to be a multiyear tailwind. We're not really getting into bid pipelines or all that. We view some of that as competitive information. But I think you guys all see and hear what's coming out of the ground and what's expected. And we feel good that this is a multiyear tailwind. That's probably the way that I would characterize that. And I think we're well positioned with the history of our relationships with the customers that are doing this type of work and the broad product offering to take advantage of this. And once again, I see this as a multiyear tailwind.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. And then the 44% flow-through ex use, I think, compared to about 54% in Q1, just curious what drove the reduction in that flow-through in Q2 versus Q1? Was it the impact of going from 15 cold starts in Q1 to 27%? Or are there extra logistics costs to redirect fleet around and how should we think about the kind of the flow-through that you have implied an embedded in the second half of the year relative to the 44% in Q2?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Steve, I'll take that one. So one, I'll just remind you, quarter-to-quarter, there's a lot of sensitivity to these calculations. And certainly, in this kind of growth environment, that's very true. You saw we delivered kind of in-line profitability this quarter and the first quarter. We reaffirmed guidance. So all this is playing out as expected. I think it's important to start there. If you look at what's implied in the back half, it's kind of not dissimilar to what we did in the second quarter, right? You're going to have flow through in that mid-40s ex used. We've talked about ex use having -- targeting flat margins for the year. That was the expectation that remains the expectations. In terms of sequentially, cold starts are part of it. We talked about those investments we're making. We talked about technology investments we're making. And so it is that kind of making progress on those two programs specifically that continues in the back half.
Steven Fisher: Perfect. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Neil Tyler with Redburn. Please go ahead.
Neil Tyler: Hey thank you. Good morning. A couple left, please. Just I suppose touching on the previous question around the cadence of cold starts. Was it always the intention to front load those or has that altered slightly? And then the second question, just coming back to the used comments you made, Ted. Is there anything to be done or being done in terms of channel shift that you've been able to achieve or intend to achieve to maximize the return on that used fleet? Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Neil, I'll take a cold start question and Ted can talk to you sale some more. But a little bit accelerated, right? So whether they fell in Q3 or Q2 was probably more a function of where they're able to find the right real estate. So we were pleased we were able to co-locate a couple in existing real estate that helped accelerate that. So we had some real estate capacity that probably accelerated that a little bit, not tremendously so, but certainly a little bit more. And that's not something we really try to manage by quarter. We don't manage the business really by quarter. It's not the way we look at it. So we are pleased that the team is a little bit ahead of schedule and on cold starts and feel good about our target for the year.
William Ted Grace: Yes. On the channel mix for used sales, there's probably a little less retail this year than last year. I think last year, we averaged about 70% thereabouts. This year, we'll probably be closer to two third. That's really just taking advantage of capacity in other channels as we ramp the amount of OEC we're selling. I think last year, we sold something in the order of $2.3 billion of OEC, this year will be call it in that $2.5 billion vicinity. So we'll take advantage of some other channels that we held back on in prior years. But ultimately, what you're seeing in 2024 is really getting back to that normal distribution of about two third coming through retail.
Neil Tyler: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks very much.
William Ted Grace: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning guys. I guess, Matt, for you on -- we've talked about mega projects. That's obviously a nice tailwind for you. Interest rate sensitive kind of smaller project end of the market, a little bit more challenging. We haven't really discussed the Infrastructure Bill and the funds flowing from that. Have you -- are you seeing a pickup year-over-year from that to the degree you can sense that from your customers? And how is that influencing large and small projects? And how do you anticipate that improving in 2025 or kind of a status quo flow year-over-year? Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So our infrastructure business has been growing for a while, right? I think the first time we started talking about was the Neff acquisition in 2016. We talked about we needed to bolster our fleet to start to serve the infrastructure needs. So we are long on this. We do think that there's more work to be coming. Some of the funding is hard to track about when it's coming out. And I think it's almost more postmortem than predictable in my opinion. But we are seeing -- continuing to see green shoots in infrastructure opportunities. I drive around this weekend, I was pleased to see a lot of our gear around on road and bridge projects. So -- and I think we all see about the airport work that's been going on as you travel. So we do feel good about infrastructure. I'd still say we're in the early innings of this. I do think there's more opportunity ahead than funding that's been -- that's gone on up to date.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that. And then, Ted, real quick, this may be a real simple question. But contribution from ancillary and re-rent 2% year-over-year, nice in the second quarter, had a real easy comp from last year. It might be just as simple that might just be the answer. But is there anything special going on? Or is it more of the comp? Thanks.
William Ted Grace: In terms of the growth from ancillary and re-rent?
Scott Schneeberger: Yes.
William Ted Grace: The biggest thing is Yak, right? So when we bought Yak, we talked about they've got a slightly different kind of composition of revenue. They've got the OER piece, which is the more traditional rental revenue. And then a bigger portion of the revenue coming from ancillary and re-rent and ancillary more specifically. You heard that in my prepared remarks, being up 17.5%. That substantially reflects the impact of Yak.
Scott Schneeberger: Got it. Okay, thanks.
William Ted Grace: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Newman: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe just real quickly, I mean, I know you don't give time, but we can back into dollar utilization. I think the maintain guide implies we're getting back to dollars up high in the back half that we haven't seen since 2014. And obviously, I know that mix from Specialty has been a positive driver here for the last, call it, decade now. But I am curious just on how much more headroom you think there is for dollar utilization expansion from here?
Matthew Flannery: To be honest with you, Ken, we don't really focus on dollar utilization, right? So it's the combination of rate and time, which we do manage very aggressively on a daily basis. So we don't really look at it that way, but we do think mix certainly is a component both ways, by the way. We have some of the assets that are high return, but not necessarily as high value. The Yak acquisition, the revenue we got from Yak would certainly help dollar as well. So similar to how it helps fleet productivity. So that's been a lift. But it's really not the way we manage the business as opposed to the individual components of it, but we certainly think there's opportunity to continue to drive returns, and that should help [Indiscernible].
Kenneth Newman: Got it. Maybe just to -- as my follow-up, I just want to clarify a question that was asked at the beginning of the Q&A session. The GenRent growth for the second half is kind of expected. To clarify, I mean I know you're not expecting that growth to be necessarily negative year-over-year. But is it -- is the expectation that the decoupling that we've seen between Specialty and GenRent is probably going to be similar that we see in the second half versus the first half?
Matthew Flannery: It has been for a while, right? So our Specialty has been growing faster than the overall business for a while. Part of that is added products and services. And the other part of it is the maturation of many of these businesses. So -- and our ability to continue to improve and cross-sell to our existing customer base. So I would say that's been the driver of it, and we would expect Specialty to continue to outpace the overall company growth. And even if you look out to our long-term goals, we state that. So we feel really good about our ability to serve customers broadly and cross-sell, and we'd expect that to continue to show these type of results.
Kenneth Newman: Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Great. Thank you, operator and to everyone on the call, we appreciate your time. I'm glad you could join us today. Our Q2 investor deck has the latest update. So please take a look at it. And as always, Elizabeth is available to answer any questions you have. So until we talk again in October, stay safe and take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. 
 Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected.  
 A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com.  
 Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA.  
 Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  
 Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin. 
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. As you saw yesterday afternoon, 2024 is off to a strong start and playing out as expected, and I'm pleased with our results across growth, margins and fleet productivity, all executed through the lens of putting the customer-first and with an unwavering focus on safety. 
 Coming into the year, we knew the key to success would be doubling down on being the best partner for our customers, and that's just what we're doing. And we're meeting their needs and finding opportunities to deepen our relationships with them. For example, we broadened our product offering to include matting solutions and we continue to invest in technology to improve the customer experience. Additionally, we're executing on our plan to open more cold starts.  
 And just as critically, we're doing all of this while maintaining our focus on operational efficiency. The team continues to demonstrate its commitment to our strategy, and we remain confident this will be another year of profitable growth. Today, I'll start with a recap of our first quarter results and then discuss our recent acquisition of Yak, followed by what's driving our optimism for the year. And finally, I'll give a very recent example of our 1 UR culture at work, which, in my mind, is a true differentiator.  
 So let's start with some of the highlights from the first quarter. Our total revenue grew by 6% year-over-year to $3.5 billion, a first quarter record. And within this, rental revenue grew by 7%. Fleet productivity increased by a healthy 4% and adjusted EBITDA increased to a first quarter record of $1.6 billion, translating to a margin of 45.5%. And finally, adjusted EPS grew by 15% and $9.15, another first quarter record.  
 Now let's turn to customer activity. We continue to see growth across both our GenRen and Specialty businesses. And within Specialty, we delivered double-digit growth across all lines of business. By vertical, we saw growth across both construction led by non-res and our industrial end markets with particular strength in manufacturing, utilities and downstream. And we continue to see numerous new projects across many of the same areas we've discussed the last several quarters, including power generation, data centers, automotive and infrastructure.  
 Additionally, the used market remains strong, allowing us to sell a first quarter record amount of OEC. In turn, we spent $595 million in the quarter on rental CapEx, and this is consistent with our expectation. As a result, free cash flow was $860 million in the quarter. Our ability to generate strong free cash flow throughout a cycle, while simultaneously funding growth is a critical differentiator.  
 The combination of our profitability and capital efficiency, coupled with the flexibility we've engineered into our operations, enables us to consistently generate strong free cash flow and create long-term value.  
 Now turning to capital allocation. Our #1 goal is supporting growth while also maintaining a strong balance sheet. And after funding organic growth, including 15 cold starts, and completing the Yak acquisition, we also returned $485 million to shareholders in the quarter via share buybacks and our dividend, all while remaining comfortably within our targeted leverage range.  
 Speaking of Yak, I want to share some initial thoughts now that we started the integration process. This acquisition is a textbook example of our M&A strategy at work. Through Yak, we've added more capabilities for our one-stop shop platform, enabling us to be even more responsive to our customers, while also generating attractive returns for our shareholders. And for those of you not familiar, Yak provides temporary access roadways and surface protection to any site with uneven or soft surfaces, where you need to safely move and operate heavy equipment.  
 And similar to our purchase of General Finance in 2021, Yak is a leader in its market. Yak still has plenty of room for growth as we bring this capability into our network. Since we've closed the deal,  we spend a lot of time with their team, and we're even more excited with the potential here.  
 Turning to our updated outlook. As we look to the rest of 2024, we remain optimistic about the opportunities for growth. And thus far, the year is playing out as expected. Our updated guidance reflects the addition of Yak with our underlying expectations unchanged. Customer confidence remains strong while our team in the field is focused on the opportunities ahead. And while these indicators are tangible examples of what gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our guidance, it's a team's daily actions, which further bolster our belief that we will continue to deliver strong shareholder value while supporting our customers in our normal operations and times of emergency.  
 A good example of this was our response to the devastating news of the Key Bridge collapse in Baltimore back on March 26. In true United Rentals fashion, we were all hands on deck, helping with the immediate urging -- emergency response and ongoing work. This support included a broad range of assets, including mobile storage, power, light towers, portable sanitation and fencing, as well as both our aerial and dirt equipment. And what's more, through the acquisition of Yak, which had just been completed, we're also able to provide the mats needed at the site for the operations. This is a perfect example of our differentiated business model, where we provide unmatched support through our one-stop shop offering to our customers and ensure they can safely and efficiently focus on their own operations.  
 It's also a true testament to our culture and the people that work for United Rentals. So in summary, we're excited by both the immediate opportunities, particularly on large projects, and the longer-term outlook we see. We've built a resilient company with a well-proven strategy that positions us to continue to drive profitable growth, strong free cash flow and compelling shareholder value.  
 And with that, I'll hand the call over to Ted, and then we'll take your questions. Ted, over to you. 
William Grace: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. As Matt highlighted, the year is off to a strong start as healthy demand and strong execution supported first quarter records across revenue, EBITDA and EPS. Consistent with our strategy, we remain focused on allocating capital both rental CapEx and M&A investment to drive profitable growth while also returning excess cash to our shareholders. Combined, this supports the solid earnings growth, free cash flow and returns, you see embedded in our updated 2024 guidance.  
 So with that, let's jump into the numbers. First quarter rental revenue was a record $2.93 billion,  that's a year-on-year increase of $189 million or 6.9%, supported by both the market tailwinds we've been discussing as well as our strong position in large projects and key verticals. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $138 million, or 6.1%. Within this, growth in our average fleet size contributed 3.6%, while fleet productivity added 4% and partially offset by assumed fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary and re-rent revenues were higher by $51 million or approximately 10.8%. 
 Turning to used results. Supported by the strong demand Matt highlighted, our first quarter results were consistent with expectations. Used revenue came in at $383 million at a healthy adjusted margin of 53.3%. As we've talked about for the past few quarters, our used margins reflect the ongoing normalization of the used market following the extraordinary conditions created by supply chain issues that peaked in 2022.  
 From an OEC recovery perspective, which we view as a key indicator of the health of the used market, our proceeds equated to better than $0.59 on the dollar versus $0.50 to $0.55 prior to COVID. So another quarter of very solid results there. 
 Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA was a first quarter record at $1.59 billion, reflecting an increase of $84 million or 5.6%. The year-on-year dollar change includes a $108 million increase from rental. Outside of rental, used sales and SG&A were headwinds to adjusted EBITDA of about $27 million and $4 million, respectively, while other non-rental lines of businesses were a $7 million tailwind. Notably, SG&A as a percent of sales declined 40 basis points, setting a new first quarter best at 11.2%. 
 Looking at first quarter profitability. Our reported adjusted EBITDA margin was a healthy 45.5%. Due to these dynamics, I just discussed, consolidated margins compressed 30 basis points year-on-year, implying flow-through of 42%, excluding use, however, our core EBITDA margins increased 70 basis points, equating the flow-through of 54% in the quarter. And finally, our adjusted earnings per share increased 15% to a first quarter record of $9.15.  
 Shifting to CapEx. Gross rental CapEx was $595 million, which was in line with both our expectations and historical seasonality from a percentage of full year perspective. 
 Turning to return on invested capital and free cash flow, ROIC increased 50 basis points year-on-year to 13.6%, which remains well above our weighted average cost of capital while free cash flow was off to a strong start at $869 million.  
 Moving to the balance sheet, our net leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was a very solid 1.7x while our total liquidity was just under $3.6 billion. And as a reminder,  we continue to have no long-term note maturities until 2027 and a very manageable distribution maturities thereafter through 2034.  
 Within the quarter, I'd highlight that we issued $1.1 billion of 10-year senior unsecured notes to fund the Yak acquisition, and we're very pleased with the market reception. The notes priced at a coupon of [6.18%] representing both the lowest coupon and the tightest credit spread to treasuries in the high-yield market for all 10-year issuers since August of 2022. 
 Notably, and probably most importantly, the transaction also marked the lowest spread to treasuries that United Rentals has ever achieved for a bond of any tenor. While this was driven by a number of factors, we view it as further evidence that credit markets continue to reward the company for its track record of impressive growth, strong execution, smart capital allocation and prudent balance sheet management. 
 Looking forward, you saw last night that we raised our full year guidance to include the acquisition of Yak, which is expected to contribute approximately $300 million in total revenue and $140 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2024. In terms of the specifics on the updated outlook, we've raised our guidance for total revenue to a range of $14.95 billion to $15.45 billion, implying full year growth of just over 6% at midpoint. 
 Within total revenue, I'll note that our used sales guidance is unchanged at roughly $1.5 billion. We raised our adjusted EBITDA range by $140 million to $7.04 billion to $7.29 billion. On the fleet side, we've raised both our gross and net CapEx guidance by $100 million to $3.5 billion to $3.8 billion and $2 billion to $2.3 billion, respectively. 
 And finally, we've raised our free cash flow guidance by $50 million to a range of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion after funding growth. This is enabling us to return over $1.9 billion to shareholders this year, which translates to about $29 per share or a current return of capital yield of roughly 4.5%. 
 So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steven Fisher with UBS. 
Steven Fisher: I just wanted to start off on CapEx. I know you said it was in line with your expectations, but it seemed to be maybe at the low end of your target range for the quarter. Can you talk about some of the factors keeping it on the low end there? Was it sort of weather or project timing or any other factors? And I guess related to that, have you made any changes in your thinking about the level of growth CapEx embedded in your plan for the year, either kind of mix of GenRent or specialty rent any changes around that growth CapEx? 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Steve. So actually, no, we don't feel that way about the first quarter CapEx, certainly wasn't any kind of designed outcome to temper the CapEx, for lack for a better word. It was about from our original guidance. So let's not include the 100 that we just upped for the Yak deal. It was about 17% of our -- at the midpoint of our guidance. 
 So it's about -- we always say we're going to get back to normal cadence, probably about anywhere from 15% to 20% in Q1. You can expect us to do somewhere between 35% to 40% in Q2, somewhere in the 30s in Q3 and then whatever balance in Q4. I think what it really points to, as opposed in the last couple of years, with the supply chain about mostly repaired, we no longer need to front-load Q1 and we could bring in the capital back to a, let's call it, a pre-COVID cadence, and that's how we view that. 
 As far as for the rest of the year, we reaffirmed our guidance and actually upped it, considering the opportunity to invest more and grow Yak. So we don't feel at all like we're going to move down our CapEx. It's pretty much reaffirmed the guidance across the board just with the addition of the Yak revenue and the Yak CapEx needs. 
Steven Fisher: Okay. Terrific. And then maybe just one on a vertical. I know there's been a lot of focus this year about power generation, and you have included that in your positive commentary for a number of quarters now. I guess, I'm just curious, given that the theme around power generation has intensified. I'm curious if you could give us a sense if you have any direct color on the types of projects that you're seeing in this -- in your pipeline of power generation in 2024, relative to what you've been seeing in, say, 2023? 
Matthew Flannery: Well, so first off, this is something that we've been building that's focused on this vertical as far back as 2016. So this is anything new for us. And it's now over 10% of our business. So this is a big segment and a big focus for us. But you can imagine, whether it's traditional power, right, T&D work generating, whether it's alternative power, right? 
 We've been playing in this space for a while. And then when you tap on top of that, the need for all the data centers and all the opportunities here for growth, even before we start really accelerating the transmission work that's needed and building out the grid for all the needs as we continue to electrify specifically in the EV space. We think this has got growth well beyond 2024, and this is one of the tailwinds that we're focused on. Ted, I don't know if you have anything to add. 
William Grace: No, I think you've captured it all. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Clay Williams: This is Clay on for Jerry. First question, can you update us on your M&A pipeline from here? What's the range of capital deployment towards M&A that you expect to deliver over the next 12, 18 months? 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Clay. So we don't actually set targets nor do we even set plans or budgets for M&A, right? That's just a belief of ours that I think that could force people to feel the need to do M&A, and we're actually very opportunistic here. But to be clear, we work the pipeline regularly. And we have a robust pipeline. We really have a lean towards things that you just saw us execute on, like, Yak, where we can add new products that we think we could be a better owner of by significantly growing them when we introduce them into our network. 
 So that would be the real gems in the pipeline. But we don't really have anything imminent that we would forecast other than we continue to work the pipeline. And when we find the right partner, that meets all of our 3 strategic criteria as well as getting to the financial output, we will act. So stay tuned. We're working on the pipeline, but we don't have a plan or a budgeted number that we feel we need to meet. 
Clay Williams: And as a follow-up, can you talk about the opportunities you see for Yak access given the shorter useful life and higher depreciation load of the product versus the base business, we were curious what the path is to get the business to URI levels of returns. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So as you can imagine, before we pay the deal, we did a lot of modeling and sensitivity modeling, and we feel really good about the opportunity. And one of the opportunities might actually be lengthening the life of the asset. It doesn't really take a lot for it to have a meaningful impact, but that's not even required for us to comfortably clear our hurdle rates on this deal. So we really like the returns on this business. .
 We think we can double the size of this business in the next 5 years. So this is very much like what we did in mobile storage with the general finance deal. When we took a leader in that space and integrated it into our network, we were able to grow it significantly. And we see this as very similar. And the margins are strong. The team is really strong. We've got a lot of experience on that team. So we feel good about it, including the returns. 
William Grace: Yes, the thing I might add there, Clay, is if you look at the deal holistically, we think it's very attractive returns on a cash-on-cash basis, as Matt mentioned, well above our hurdle rate and cost of capital. That would look similar to what we actually achieved with the general finance deal. If you actually zero into the unit economics of a mat I think some of the observations you made are right. But even those cash-on-cash returns at the unit that level, are very attractive. We'd be looking comfortably in the upper teens. 
 And we think there could be opportunities to either extend the life of the mat or do some other things that could improve them beyond that. So when we compare that to the rest of the fleet, it's been very nice from a portfolio perspective. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. 
Stanley Elliott: Can you talk a little bit about the category class. You've done a nice job of expanding it over the years, moved kind of the one-stop shop. How much larger is this an opportunity for you all and maybe what would be the limiting factor, I don't know if it's real estate or workforce or anything like that? 
Matthew Flannery: So if you're speaking about new categories, Stanley? 
William Grace: Was that in context of Yak, Stanley, just to be sure we understand the question? 
Stanley Elliott: Yes, more in context of Yak, but it would seem like that just the number of category class you've had over the past several years, be it mobile solutions or anything along those lines that, that just continues to be kind of a, I guess, a big white space for you? 
Matthew Flannery: Yes, exactly. So we view anything that's temporary on a project or on a plant as a potential right of way for us, right? So anything that doesn't stay with the fixed plant is, by definition, an opportunity for us to serve the customer. And we've continued to expand upon that. 
 So we don't talk about publicly what those other products could be because for obvious competitive reasons, and we don't want to create expectations without having the right partner, but that's how we see it. Even expanding our product line in existing business, whether it be more power in HVAC or chillers or spot coolers in that business or some of the flooring additions that we've been to our GenRent business or the pickup trucks that we put into our business, we also expand the offering to whatever the customer needs. And that's really our focus on this towards this one-stop shop value prop that we offer is continuing to expand those problems that we can solve for our customers. 
William Grace: I guess things I might add that we've shared, Stanley. I mean, mobile storage, we talked about a goal of doubling that business in 5 years. We're well on our way. That's obviously a huge market. So even as assuming we're able to do that, there's still plenty of white space beyond that to grow the business, penetrate existing customers. And obviously, we've talked about the opportunity to expand the footprint of that business. 
 Mats would be similar. I think we set a goal for doubling that business. They overlapped in about half the country for us. So there's a lot of white space there. And again, a very strong market from a growth perspective, given the opportunity in the grid. ROS is another example of one that we've built aggressively organically.  We've quickly gone from not that market to certainly one of the biggest players in the country, and there's a tremendous amount of runway ahead of us there. So in each of these verticals, I think we continue to think there's a lot of opportunity to leverage our model and really continue to fund those businesses to fuel growth. 
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. And then I guess just a follow-up or second question, rather. Could you talk about kind of anything you saw from a regional basis. And I'm curious, I know you don't like to talk about weather, Matt, but did that have any impact on kind of the progression as the quarter went through? 
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Knock on wood, we haven't had to talk about weather in a while. I think maybe even since Harvey -- Hurricane Harvey. But we -- certainly, you all follow. There are some markets that were more impacted than others, but it's not something that we call out. This is the great part of the diversification of our business, both by product and geography. There's really nothing that we would call out as an impact, and that's why we're very pleased that we're able to reaffirm our guidance just with the addition of Yak over and above. So the year played out as expected, and I wouldn't call out any weather constraints, Stanley. 
Stanley Elliott: Perfect. Congratulations with the great start. 
Matthew Flannery: Thanks. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Kenneth Newman: First question -- my first question is just on the fleet productivity this quarter. It was pretty impressive and strong just given the tougher pro forma comp from last year. I know that you guys don't quantify the individual movers in that metric anymore, but I was just curious if there's any way to help us understand if there was a big move in one of those drivers, whether it's mix or rates or utilization, just given the tough comp. 
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So it played out as expected for us, quite frankly. When we came out in January, I went out a little further than I usually would because we don't like to forecast these individual metrics and certainly not the overall component. But we said we'd have positive fleet productivity each quarter in the year. And we still expect that to play out that way.
 When I think about, I'll tell you, I won't tell you quantitatively to your point, but qualitatively, we talked about if we could replicate the time utilization that we had in 2023 and do that in 2024, we feel good about that. So I would call time, as expected, neutral. And then we still believe that it's a constructive rate environment, and we're pleased to see that it played out that way. And that the discipline in the industry, I think you'll hear that from the rest of our public companies in the space as well, that rate will help overcome any inflationary issues that we have. 
 And then specifically in this quarter, we had a small little improvement in -- from the Yak acquisition, and we'll see that as we go forward. That will play out a little bit more as we go forward in the rest of the year, and we'll communicate that each quarter. 
Kenneth Newman: Got it. That's very helpful. My second question here is just on the GenRent equipment rental side. It does seem like you saw a decent step down or moderation in the first quarter just on the equipment rental side, was there anything specific there that drove that sequential step down? Or is this more just a function of the fleet kind of returning back to more normalized cadence and seasonality? 
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean we did expect slower growth. As you could imagine, the GenRent business versus the specialty business, the growth -- the headroom for specialty was much greater. And probably more importantly, the specialty business has a great opportunity with large customers and large projects to cross-sell into some of those that weren't using these products. So we called out specifically the double-digit growth in every one of our specialty segment product lines, which was great. 
 And in the GenRent side, I would just say, as expected, that we talked about in January, just more disbursement than we've had historically. The good news is, we put the fleet in the places that we needed it, where the opportunity was the best and a lot of those are driven by some large projects as well. And we're going to make sure that we win with those customers. Those are choices that we make, and we got the fleet in the right places, and that's why we're able to drive good fleet productivity. 
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I would like to turn the call back to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks. 
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator. And to everyone on the call, we appreciate it. I'm glad you could join us today. And just to remind everybody, our Q1 investor deck is on our site with its latest updates. And as always, Elizabeth is available to answer your questions. So I look forward to talking to you all in July. Until then, please stay safe. Operator, you can now end the call. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the United Rentals First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the Company's press release.  For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew J. Flannery: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. Our theme for 2023 was Raising the Bar, and today I'm very pleased to discuss our record fourth quarter, which capped a number of notable achievements by our team and enabled us to indeed raise the bar this past year with record revenue, earnings, and returns. The team did this by continuing to serve our customers with an unmatched commitment to operational excellence and a laser focus on safety, all while integrating Ahern, our second largest acquisition ever.  Today, I'll start with a recap of our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, followed by what's driving our optimism for 2024, and finally, our updated leverage and capital deployment strategies. So let's start with some of the highlights from the fourth quarter. Our total revenue grew by 13% year-over-year to $3.7 billion, a fourth quarter record. And within this, rental revenue grew by 13.5%. Fleet productivity increased by 2.4% on a pro forma basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased almost 10% to a fourth quarter record of over $1.8 billion, translating to a healthy margin of 48%. And adjusted EPS grew by 16% to $11.26.  For the full year, rental CAPEX of $3.5 billion was in line with our guidance. And I'll add that with the supply chain largely recovered, we now expect a quarterly cadence of our CAPEX spend to be more closely matched to historical patterns. 2023 free cash flow exceeded $2.3 billion. We view our ability to generate strong free cash flow throughout the cycle as a hallmark of the company and a testament to both the profitability and flexibility of our business model. Moreover, and this may be the most important thing to convey, the durability of our free cash generation provides us tremendous flexibility to create long-term value for our shareholders.  Now let's turn to customer activity. We continue to see broad-based demand across geographies, verticals, and customer segments. Industrial end markets saw healthy growth, led by industrial manufacturing and power. Within our construction markets, both infrastructure and non-res continued to show solid growth year-over-year, as our customers kicked off new projects across a diverse range of markets and these include battery plants, semiconductor-related jobs, power, infrastructure, as well as data centers. Geographically, we continue to see strength across the business and specialty specifically delivered on another strong quarter, with rental revenue up 15% year-on-year, reflecting double-digit growth across all businesses. Furthermore, we opened 10 cold starts during the quarter, resulting in 49 for the full year.  Finally, turning to capital allocation. In addition to the investments we made in 2023, we returned over $1.4 billion to our shareholders. Looking ahead, we expect 2024 to be another year of growth, led by large projects. This is supported by customer sentiment indicators, solid backlogs, and most importantly feedback from our field teams. And finally, and I'll be quick here because I don't want to steal too much of Ted's thunder, but I'm very pleased to announce our updated capital deployment and leverage strategies, which cover our plans to return nearly $2 billion of cash to shareholders this year, and a reduced leverage target of one and a half to two and a half times. This announcement reflects our work towards building an even stronger company and driving shareholder value. And what's more, this comes after fully funding growth.  Finally, before I get to my concluding remarks, I want to share with you all that we hosted our Annual Management Meeting in Indianapolis earlier this month. And this provided an opportunity for over 2,500 United Rentals leaders to gather and build momentum as we execute on our strategy. It also highlighted our incredible team, which is a real competitive differentiator for us, and offered an opportunity to remind ourselves of the culture we work so hard to strengthen and maintain. So it's no surprise when you see everyone in action, why the team continues to win accolades, including recently from the Wall Street Journal and Newsweek.  In closing, I'll repeat what you've heard me say many times before that it is what continues to be relevant and true, we are building the best business to serve our customers. Our scale, go-to-market approach, technology, and one-stop shop offering across gen rent and specialty are unmatched. Our team puts customers at the center of everything we do, giving me confidence that we're well-positioned to continue to outpace the industry and capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us. We expect 2024 to be another record year for our company and longer term, we continue to march towards our 2028 aspirational goals that we shared with you last May at our Investor Day and I'm so proud of all our teammates who will help us deliver these results. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Ted and then we'll take your questions. Ted, over to you. 
William Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt. And good morning, everyone. I'm going to start my comments by adding some more color on our record fourth quarter results before pivoting toward 2024 guidance, which points to another strong year for the company. One quick reminder before I jump into the numbers, as usual, the figures I'll be discussing are as reported, except where I call them out as pro forma, which is to say the prior period is adjusted to include Ahern's standalone results. So with that said, let's get into the numbers.  Fourth quarter rental revenue was a record $3.12 billion, that's a year-over-year increase of $372 million, or 13.5% supported by diverse strength across our end markets and our strong positioning on large projects. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $313 million or 13.9%. An increase in our average fleet size contributed 15.1%, while as reported fleet productivity added 0.3%, partially offset by assumed fleet inflation of 1.5%. Also within rental, ancillary revenues were higher by $61 million or 14.2%, which was consistent with rental revenue growth. I'll add that re-rent declined $2 million year-on-year. On a pro forma basis, which as you know is how we look at our results, rental revenue increased 7.6% year-on-year, with fleet productivity up 2.4%, reflecting a healthy rate environment that continues to be supported by good industry discipline.  Turning to used results, fourth quarter proceeds increased better than 7% to $438 million as we continue to take advantage of a strong retail market to refresh our fleet at attractive returns by recovering roughly 62% for our original fleet cost. Our adjusted use margin was flat sequentially at 55.3% while the year-over-year decline in margin reflected the ongoing normalization of the use market we have been talking about for the last several quarters.  Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was a record of $1.81 billion, reflecting an increase of $162 million or 10%. The year-on-year dollar change includes a $197 million increase from rental. The year-on-year dollar change includes a $197 million increase from rental, within which OER contributed $195 million, while ancillary and re-rent added $2 million on a combined basis. Outside of rental, used sales were a headwind of about $10 million to adjusted EBITDA, while other non-rental lines of businesses were up $4 million. SG&A in the quarter increased $29 million due primarily to increases in variable costs. As a percentage of sales, however, SG&A declined about 100 basis points to 10.5% of total revenue.  Looking at fourth quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 150 basis points year-on-year to 48.5% due largely to the combined impact of Ahern and used margins. When looked at pro forma, our EBITDA margin, X used, was down just 20 basis points, translated to flow through of 46%, versus the 38% you can see on an as-reported basis. And finally, our adjusted earnings per share increased 16% to $11.26. Shifting to CAPEX, gross rental CAPEX was $430 million, reflecting a return to a more normalized seasonal cadence, supported by improvements in the supply chain. You can also see this in our net rental CAPEX, which declined $8 million.  Turning to return on invested capital and free cash flow, ROIC increased 90 basis points year-on-year to 13.6%, exceeding our weighted average cost of capital by over 260 basis points. Free cash flow also remains a good story with the year coming in at just over $2.3 billion, translating to a free cash margin of 16.1%, even as we continue to fund significant organic growth. The business continues to generate very strong free cash flow on both an absolute and relative basis. As Matt said, this provides us with a lot of flexibility to drive shareholder value across the cycle, through both investment and growth, and the return of excess capital to our investors, more on this in a bit.  Moving to the balance sheet, our net leverage ratio at the end of the quarter improved two-tenths of a turn sequentially to 1.6 times, while our total liquidity exceeded $3.3 billion at year's end. And as a reminder, we continue to have no long-term note maturities until 2027. Notably, all of this was after returning over $1.4 billion to shareholders in 2023. This included $1 billion through share repurchases and $406 million via dividends. Combined, this translated to the return of over $20 per share during the year.  Now let's look forward and talk more about our 2024 guidance. Total revenues is expected in the range of $14.65 billion to $15.15 billion, implying full year growth of about 4% at midpoint. Within total revenue, I'll note that our used sales guidance is implied at roughly $1.5 billion were down mid-single-digits year-on-year on a percentage basis, which implies slightly better growth within our core rental revenue. Within used, I'll add that we expect to sell around $2.5 billion of OEC, translating to a recovery rate of about 60% versus roughly 66% in 2023, but historical norms that are more in the 50% to 55% range.  Our adjusted EBITDA range is $6.9 to $7.15 billion. At midpoint, excluding the impact of use, this implies flow-through in the 40s and flattish adjusted EBITDA margins versus as reported flow through of around 30% at approximately 70 basis points of year-on-year margin compression at the midpoint of guidance. On the fleet side, our gross CAPEX guidance is $3.4 billion to $3.7 billion with net CAPEX of $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion. And finally, we are guiding to another strong year of free cash flow in the range of $2 billion to $2.2 billion.  Now, let's shift to our updated balance sheet and capital allocation strategy. First and foremost, we remain focused on funding growth where we can generate attractive returns, both organically and through acquisitions. Beyond that, our goal is to allocate excess free cash flow to drive shareholder value and to this end, last night we announced several exciting things. First, consistent with the intentions we shared a year ago when we introduced our dividend, we are increasing our quarterly payment by 10% to $1.63 per share, or $6.52 per share annualized. I'll add that it remains our plan to consistently grow our dividend in line with long-term earnings. Second, we plan to repurchase $1.5 billion of common stock in 2024, an increase of $500 million versus what we bought in 2023. So, in total, we intend to return over $1.9 billion to shareholders this year, equating to almost $30 per share, or a return of capital yield of over 5% based on our current share price.  Lastly, and importantly, we are able to do this while also lowering our targeted full cycle leverage range by half turn to 1.5 to 2.5 times. As a reminder, this production follows the similar half turn reduction we announced in mid-2019. As most of you know, this is something we've been working towards with the idea of building an even stronger company and critically driving shareholder value. What's more, this has all been achieved after fully funding growth. Just to provide some perspective, since 2019 when we introduced the first leg of our enhanced capital allocation strategy, our revenue has increased by more than 50%, our EBITDA has increased closer to 60%, and our earnings per share has grown more than 130%, while at the same time averaged leverage ratio has declined from 2.6 times at the end of 2019 to 1.6 times at the end of 2023. This combination of results has supported very strong shareholder value creation that our team is very proud of and remains very focused on sustaining. So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to look into the fleet growth that you appear to have planned for this year and also how to think about fleet productivity on top of that growth. With some carryover from 2023 and the roughly billion plus you look to add this year, right, the 3.5 billion plus a gross minus the OEC you expect to sell, the 2.5, it looks like you're roughly say, 4% or 5% fleet growth you're looking for in 2024. So just given some of the demand concerns some people have out there, I'm just trying to calibrate how much of the fleet growth would you argue is earmarked for projects that are essentially lined up versus the natural, you have to take some assumptions into how you manage the fleet generally? And then on top of that, how should we think about fleet productivity with that type of fleet growth? Thank you. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Sure, David. This is Matt. And when you think about that fleet growth, then you'd have to net out of it whatever inflation you had for the replacement. So when we think about the fleet overall, we're thinking about $2.5 billion of sales of original OEC, and maybe almost $3 billion to replace that, depending on what we buy and all that. So you're talking about a 550 of growth. Within that we have cold starts that we are going to support in specialty. Again, we'll continue to invest in the business there. And then to your point, a lot of the major projects, some bolster up some of our products that we know we're going to be using on major projects and just general growth. So we also have some carry over to your point that we'll be able to utilize. So we feel really good about the positioning we have. And while we're talking about CAPEX, we expect it to be a little more normalized cadence from what you've seen in the last couple of years as our partners have repaired their supply chain, probably at about 90% level, almost all the way there.  How that'll turn into fleet productivity, as you saw as we exited this year, we felt all along we needed to work through in 2023, the Ahern acquisition and some really tough comps some time from unusually high time utilizations during COVID. We've now leveled off at a strong level of time historically higher than we were pre COVID in 2019 and we think we can continue that throughout 2024. We think there'll be a positive rate environment. We think the industry is showing good discipline. There's still demand in the markets that we serve and we think that'll be a good guy in the fleet productivity and then mix maybe a little bit of drag off of that. Really only because if you think about the inflation of our cost that might be over the one and a half peg that we put out there, we know it's going to be higher than that, probably more in the two to three range. So when you net that out, we feel good about positive fleet productivity throughout 2024. We don't get into forecasting it but embedded in our guidance is that expectation. 
David Raso: Well, that's helpful. And then lastly free cash flow, a large majority last year return to shareholders, the guide for this year is a very large majority to shareholders. How should we think about the balance sheet usage, the M&A landscape, but also appreciating the lower target range, can you give us an update on the M&A thoughts? Thank you. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Yeah, sure, I'll touch on the M&A and Ted can talk a little bit about capital allocation. None of this is at the expense of M&A. We're open for business. Obviously, we have a high bar, as always, but the pipeline remains robust. We're always looking at assets that we could be a better owner of, and specifically, any new products that we can add to the system for our customers. So, I mean, if you just think about one turn, even with all the share repurchase and the up dividend and the lower leverage, I mean, one turn is still $7 billion worth of capacity. So, and that's before you add EBITDA for many potential acquisitions that you'd have in. So, this is not at the expense at all. It's opportunity we had to return cash to shareholders and as Ted said in his opening remarks, lower our leverage. Ted, I don't know if you had anything to add. 
William Ted Grace: No, I think Matt touched on the key points, but certainly we feel great about where we sit within the range currently just because it's tremendous flexibility, optionality, and puts us in a great position to, as we said, kind of return excess capital to investors to augment shareholder value. And that's always going to be our goal. 
David Raso: And lastly for me, the implied incremental margins, if you exclude the used activity year-over-year, still a bit lower than the 50 to 60 range we've spoken of historically. It looks like it's about 46%. Can you help us understand some of the inputs there that keep that incremental a little bit lower? That's it for me. Thank you. 
William Ted Grace: Yeah, of course. And David, that's a fair observation. I think ex-used we'd be looking for flow through in the 40s and call it flat margins. The key thing to think about here is we are getting to a point of modestly slower growth than what we've experienced the last several years. I think we were up 23% last year, we're up 20% the year before that, and 14% the year before that. So if you think about the nature of fixed cost absorption, obviously when you're talking about double-digit growth, that really kind of supports pretty good absorption in those environments. As you kind of get to this year, which we view more as a transition year and you're looking at mid-single-digit core growth. And still, it's a somewhat inflationary environment. It obviously creates new dynamics that you didn't have in the prior three years.  At the same time, you heard Matt talk about kind of the optimism we have on a multi-year outlook. We think it's critical to make key investments in the business, things like cold starts and specialty. We'll be targeting 50 plus this year. Those are great long-term investments. At the margin, do they kind of weigh on incrementals, they do. I don't think that's a surprise to anybody. And there are other investments we want to continue to make core to the business. Think about areas like technology, that's long been an area, whether you want to talk about aspects of telematics, you want to talk about different aspects of performance optimization, and those are areas where we continue to be very focused. And in the current environment, which again is this modestly slower environment, we don't want to forego those investments that have very strong ROIs to hit respectfully kind of an arbitrary target, if you will, a flow through of some number. So we're going to continue investing in the business because we feel really good about our outlook. So Matt, I don't know what else. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Absolutely. You can imagine we have these conversations internally. So we feel good about where we are.
David Raso: Thank you. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Thank you David.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead. 
Robert Wertheimer: Thanks and good morning everybody. I had a couple more questions on how you're thinking about the new leverage range and capital allocation. You've been on a multi-year, maybe five-plus years of deleveraging and in the recent past, you had sort of dipped below your old range as you are on that journey, and I think everybody understood that. Now that you've kind of reset the range, should we expect the 1.5% to be more of a floor or would you go below it, will you kind of hang out and maybe this is too much, but we hang at the low end of the range and say, the upside for acquisitions, as Matt mentioned, that's a ton of capacity? And then last question, I'll just ask them all at once, is this year, I don't think it would take a whole ton of upside to get you right down to that 1.5% and so if you do go past it, I mean, do you use the excess cash for share buybacks, I know there was a potential to add fleet, just generally, how you think about working within that capital allocation range? Thank you. 
William Ted Grace: Yes, thanks for the question, Rob. So the idea is obviously to live within that range. As was the case with the prior range, nothing religious about that low end at the margin. We set our capital allocation plans for the year, obviously, in January. And so hypothetically, if EBITDA were to outperform and you ended up getting -- for the sake of argument at 1.4, I don't think you should look for us to suddenly step in and just for the sake of staying within that boundary do something that we otherwise hadn't planned to do. We focus on being very disciplined when we go through these programs. That said, we do have every intention of living in that 1% to 2.5%, sorry, 1.5% to 2.5% range. And I'll remind people, there is a cyclical overlay. So the concept is obviously at around the peak, you want to be at the lower end of that range and conversely, when you're at trough EBITDA, you want to be within the upper boundary. So please remember there's a cyclical overlay. Even with all that said, it leaves us with tremendous firepower that we can use to augment earnings through acquisitions and other growth initiatives, whether it's more organic growth through M&A.
Robert Wertheimer: Perfect, that answers that pretty cleanly. And then just one last on capital allocation on the dividend. You obviously took up the payments. Your earnings have been up more than by what you took it up and just to reiterate, if you would, your policy there. Will that over time just follow trend line earnings or how do you do that? And I'll stop there. Thank you.
William Ted Grace: Yes, so the idea, as we said a year ago was to grow it in line with long-term earnings. We don't want to get algorithmic, if you will. But certainly, we think that we've got the growth capacity and the cash flow growth capacity to support a growing dividend, which we recognize as an attractive aspect of the share profile. So what I would say is we look at companies that really benefited from dividends, call it that dividend aristocrat list. We've long said we aspire to be part of that group. That's the intent. So I don't want to kind of get too caught up in a formula of what dividend growth will look like, but our intent is absolutely to grow consistent with how we think about the long-term earnings power of the company. Matt, anything you'd add there?
Matthew J. Flannery: No. No. I think you said it right. Directionally, it will be aligned, but it won't be mathematically exact.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning everyone. I'm wondering if you could just update us on how the Ahern integration is trending versus plan and within the guidance for 2024, what's the magnitude of margin uplift that's embedded from that in integration and on a separate note on GFN, now that we're halfway through the five-year plan for that asset, I'm wondering if you could just update us on where we are on the OEC and EBITDA growth plan that you folks laid out to double that business over five years when you made the acquisition?
Matthew J. Flannery: Sure, Jerry. So on the Ahern acquisition, all the integrations fairly complete when we talked about we did the people first, then we went to the fleet and the facilities. And as we have talked about in Q3, that was going to roll through the end of 2023. We're pleased to say that all that work has been done. We'll continue to get efficiencies out of that business as some of those legacy Ahern facilities continue to adopt our processes and our technology, right? You can't stick to 6-inch fire hose at them and have them drink everything at once. So we'll continue to get further improvement in those -- in that business. But as far as separate margin contribution, the egg is pretty scrambled. So these are all blended into our existing district and region networks out there, but we're pleased with what we've seen so far. And specifically pleased about the capacity that we added. From a GFN perspective, I don't think we've been calling that out separately. What I'll say, unless Ted, you have some different data but what I'll say is we've been ahead of schedule really from year one. So when we talked about doubling that business in five years, we expect to achieve that sooner than the five-year mark. I don't know, Ted, have you given any specifics about GFN.
William Ted Grace: No, no. I just said we're ahead of target. The business has really complemented the rest of our business exceptionally well. The one thing I'll add on the -- I think Jerry asked specifically about some of the Ahern margin uplift in 2024 versus 2023, I guess now that we've lapped the deal, we can say we've really reached the targeted synergies and frankly, we gave ourselves 18 months. We probably got a super majority of the way there within 12. So there isn't that much kind of carryover incremental benefit. It would be really deminimus because we were able to realize the synergies pretty quickly in 2023.
Jerry Revich: So, then can I ask just one last one. The cold starts that you're planning were roughly 50, can you just give us a sense for mix between trends versus other lines of business just to help us get a feel and if that trajectory is any different from the mix within what you saw in 2023?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, it's pretty broad. I mean we have different maturity levels. But you could imagine, whether it's a reliable on-site business, right, affordable sensation, some of the additional products that we're adding to our Power HVAC team and the mobile storage, right, as part of that continued footprint. Rollout would be the three largest areas, ironically, not trench. Trench is continuing to get penetration, but don't necessarily need geographic distribution growth for their penetration. So all -- as I said in my opening remarks, all the specialty businesses, all those product lines grew by double-digits in the quarter. So we're really pleased with that continued headroom for growth in specialty.
Jerry Revich: Thank you very much.
Matthew J. Flannery: Thanks Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Michael Feniger: Yeah, thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Matt and Ted, if we look back at the last big downturn in construction, after rates were cut it took some time for nonresidential to really come back. Do you believe your portfolio of business mix and the environment is different now, if we see some easing of financial conditions, how do you see that kind of flowing through your business mix with MRO exposure, different verticals, versus maybe the path or is this a much more gradual longer recovery?
Matthew J. Flannery: So I'll start with, I don't pretend to be an economist, right, or an expert forecaster. But when we think about what the impacts could be of the Fed easing rates, we've seen slower growth in the local market business. We're very pleased that it's still growth. And as we said, pretty broad-based growth in Q4 as we exited the year but not double-digit growth opportunity out there. And that's why you see our guidance as it is. We feel while this transition of maybe that local market pipeline of business starting to be built out and funded, as interest rates lower that's our future growth. As we go forward we're very pleased, and we've been talking about for a while that the five tailwinds that we've been trumping throughout 2023 as a way to hedge against some of that slower growth in the local market has allowed us to come out with 2024 being a growth year. That's always been our thesis how it plays out, Michael. We're not experts in that, but we do talk to our customers. The majority of our customers surveyed in our customer confidence index continue to feel positive. So I don't want to paint a picture that there's negative growth or that we have problems in the local market. It's just not what it's been for the last couple of years, and we do think it will ramp back up once the Fed takes their actions. The pipeline will take a little while to fill, but we don't really have the ability to forecast how long.
Michael Feniger: Right. Great. And Matt, just a follow-up. I mean you just delivered $2.3 billion of free cash flow in 2023. You're guiding another $2 billion in 2024. In a year that you're saying it's a transition year and you're still investing in the fleet, is it safe to say that the new baseline free cash flow level for URI going forward is this $2 billion marker. I mean 2024 is a transition year, 2025 you still see some growth. Like any reason why we shouldn't be thinking that maybe this $2 billion line is kind of a new baseline going forward?
William Ted Grace: So, I'm thinking through this, Mike only because we've never really kind of given that kind of guidance. So I want to think through and give you a more thoughtful answer. I mean you've heard us long saying we feel great about the cash generation characteristics of our business. We tend to frame things more as a function of normalized free cash margin and I think certainly, if you were to apply that kind of construct to reasonable outlook, again, I hesitate to kind of give you kind of numbers. But I think we feel comfortable that what you've seen us do historically in the recent history is something we can continue to sustain.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes. I would agree. And Ted just said he doesn't want to make sure -- he doesn't want us to be given a five to 10-year future cash flow forecast, and I don't disagree. But I think the way you're thinking about what's been the evolution of the business and the change in the business is something we talked about a while back about driving positive free cash flow through the cycle. And I feel like we've been proving that out. And I agree with Ted's sentiment and the sentiment of your question, we're just not going to forecast that all the way.
Michael Feniger: Fair enough. And just last one to squeeze in, just with your guidance around CAPEX disposal, just what -- where is -- how do you feel with your fleet age right now, where it's going to end this year relative to where you guys were maybe pre-COVID that would be helpful? Thanks everyone. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, it is a great question. We actually feel really good about where the fleet age is. I think we're technically at -- we're just over 52 months right now. But when you adjust for tanks, mobile storage, some of the longer-lived assets that we've mixed into the fleet, we look at this from a mix perspective, we're back to pre-COVID levels. So we're back to a healthy level of fleet age. It doesn't mean that we still don't want to refresh and keep turning some of the assets. But net-net, we feel really good about where we are and back to pre-COVID levels when you adjust for mix of fleet.
William Ted Grace: And that will improve further in 2024, right. And the easiest way to think about this mathematically, is we're going to buy $3.5 billion of CAPEX, just playing with really simple assumptions. Midyear convention would say that six months on average, we're going to sell $2.5 billion of fleet that you can assume is 90 months old on average. So just -- you can just see how that would imply mathematically, how you're going to kind of re-age down further. So again, to Matt's point, 52 nominally kind of back to pre-COVID levels in the upper 40s adjusting for those acquisitions, and it's going to get a little better. So it gives us, it gets back to that strength of the balance sheet, strength of the fleet, gives us a lot of optionality.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Thein: Or Tim Thein, whichever. I like that one. Matt, back to your comment about fleet productivity, when you -- I think when you came out with that construct, the goal was -- the target was to be able to outrun inflation. Do you think, I know you don't guide quarterly, but should we be thinking about that number in excess of inflation each quarter or will that -- is that too much of a -- the seasonality and other factors pose too much of a challenge on that?
Matthew J. Flannery: You should think about that our goal as it is, is to exceed that 1.5 target every quarter. Whether we achieve it or not, right, even if you look at our pro forma this past year, which is how we looked at it, we actually did achieve that this past year. So we get -- we didn't as a reported level, but we did from a pro forma, which is how we kind of manage the business. So that's our goal, that's what we'll be marching towards. And we think the end market is conducive to doing that.
Timothy Thein: Got it. Okay. And then and Ted, maybe on the notion of -- when looking at the conversion from EBITDA to free cash flow, specifically on cash taxes, there's a tax bill proposed in Congress who knows it can actually passes, but it would restore 100% bonus depreciation -- what -- I don't know even thought through that, but implications, maybe as it is if it doesn't go through how we should think about cash taxes or 2024 or 2025 and then if that were to go through, what -- if you thought of it, what is the potential implications of that?
William Ted Grace: Yes, yes. So I'll take those in reverse order. If, and it's obviously a big if, but if that were to pass our understanding is it would actually even be retroactive. So in 2023, that would be worth certainly several hundred million dollars of incremental cash flow to us given the benefit it would have to our cash taxes. Taking the first part of the question, as you think about cash taxes going forward, you obviously see a significant step up in 2024 versus 2023. I think if you look at our investor presentation, the guidance is cash taxes of about $990 million. We paid about $500 million in 2023. So you see a $500 million step-up. That number is not at all representative of how to think about this on a go-forward basis. I would remind people, one of the benefits we had in 2023 from a cash tax perspective was the expensing of the Ahern fleet acquisition. So that was worth about $300 million of benefit.  So apples-to-apples, you would say the step up 2024 versus 2023 is more like $200 million. And so as you think about that going forward, as you see this assuming you don't have that bill passed and we're stuck with this sun setting provision within 2017 tax reform. You would see, depending on your assumptions on obviously, pretax income growth and CAPEX, you would see a gradual increase in our cash taxes that's there. But we think is obviously very manageable and something that has been known since the legislation was passed in 2017. So from a planning perspective, it's something that we've been aware of and obviously built into all of our expectations from a forecasting a capital allocation and balance sheet strategy perspective. Does that help, Tim? I'm happy to get to you if you want.
Timothy Thein: No, no, that's sufficient, thank you Ted. And then maybe last one, we're kind of deep in the call here, so maybe an appropriate time. But I noticed there was -- within the risk statement in the K, something about how you're doing more things within specialty and offering more services and activity that it introduces more risks to United. I'm just curious, is that meant to maybe foreshadow something in terms of adding more legs to the stool within specialty or just something the lawyers made you drop in?
William Ted Grace: I think it's much more the latter. Yes, just more the latter. I mean there's nothing that's changed structurally.
Timothy Thein: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
William Ted Grace: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. So it seems like you've put yourself in a pretty good position to make some of these long-term investments even while the growth is slowing. I'm wondering if you can just kind of quantify the investments you're making in 2024, either in dollar terms or what the impact on the flow-through is? And then are these going to be kind of like ongoing investments through 2025 or is it more just sort of a onetime headwind in 2024?
William Ted Grace: So I'll take that one matter, at least start. So it would be hard to dimensionalize in isolation what the headwinds are. Maybe another way to think about this is if you wanted to say, what's the difference from an EBITDA perspective or a cost perspective, just framing it as cost to get from $46 million to $50 million for the sake of argument, you'd be looking at something like $50 million EBITDA, which is materially less than 1% of our cash operating cost. So that is the net effect of that drag from cold starts, which again are excellent investments. We don't get into showing kind of what the year one margin profile of the cold start is. But I don't think it surprises anybody that it's a drag as you kind of get those fully up to speed both from a revenue perspective and an efficiency perspective.  On the technology side, again, we don't call out specifics there, but I think people understand the cost of investing in technology. It's not insignificant. It's again, not going to move the needle in the context of a company with $15 billion of revenue that can move it dramatically. But these are smart investments, right. If you think about things going on let's just say, I don't want to get into the AI term, but certainly, if you look at a lot of the work we do around machine learning, optimization, and I will even stretch as far as saying leveraging AI, when you bring in third parties, those pro fees can be substantial, but you -- we think you get great return for that investment. And so again, could it be a short-term headwind this year? Yes, that is our expectation. In terms of what it looks like in 2025, we'll address it at that point, it will be a function of growth and the decisions we make around what incremental investments we may or may not need to make. Matt, would you?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes. No, I think well said. I think the real tone of why we make the conversation, there's a difference between 46% and 50% flow-through in a transition year, so to say, is not something that would cause us to have an austerity program, right. We're going to run the business as we run it continue to improve the systems that we have, the tools that we have and grow the footprint for future growth. That's really it. If we were in a different environment, we have the playbook, you guys saw a little bit of it during COVID. Then you'd run a different play, and we're nowhere near that world nor do we expect to be for a few years.
Steven Fisher: Got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe if I could just dig into the manufacturing and industrial vertical a little bit. I know it's an area that you're still looking for some strength. Can you just talk about your sense for how that market is going to be different in 2024 versus 2023. Obviously, it was very strong in 2023. Kind of what are your field managers and customers telling you about how 2024 ill look relative to 2023. Obviously, you still mentioned semiconductors and EVs, but just curious kind of how this year is going to be different than last year?
Matthew J. Flannery: Well, I think it will continue to be strong, and I think it will carry a good part of the growth this year, specifically a big part of the mega projects. When you're thinking about the plants we talked about and the on shoring of manufacturing. We saw it play through all the way in Q4, where that was our largest growing vertical that we track in Q4 in the industrial sector, it was industrial manufacturing. We haven't even really touched on LNG nor has it kicked off in a big way yet. That's yet another opportunity in the industrial space. So we feel really good about the industrial end markets. I mean outside of oil and gas and really the upstream which was down. You guys all probably see that in the rig count. That was down in Q4, and we expect to be down next year. Outside of that, we think it's going to continue to be another strong year in the industrial end markets.
Steven Fisher: Terrific, thank you. 
Matthew J. Flannery: Thanks Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Seth Weber: Hey guys, good morning. Matt, I appreciate the comment about normalizing CAPEX. I just wanted to dig in on that a little bit. So I think historically, first quarter CAPEX is sort of like low double-digit percentages of your total. Is that kind of the right number we should be thinking about because that would suggest the down year in the first quarter for CAPEX -- for gross CAPEX, is that how you're thinking about it?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes. As we've gotten bigger, to be fair, the years -- the year quarters of Q1 and Q4 have to get a little bit bigger, just to be fair to the branches that have to process it and our partners that have to deliver it. So we think more like in that 15% to 20% range is kind of our new norm in Q1. That will still be a down year by the way, I believe. But we're flattish. But the difference is we didn't bring in that load in Q4. So think about the cadence, what we'd say more in that 15% to 20% range in the outside quarters of Q1 and Q4, and it would depend Q4 be the bigger variable to depend on what the year looks like. And then about two thirds of our CAPEX in those middle quarters is kind of the way to look at it without being exact, right, because we couldn't even forecast exactly if we want to do, but that's the way we think about it.
William Ted Grace: So Seth, just to your question on the first quarter, if you go back to the strategy we had to implement last year, we took down certainly 20-plus percent of our full year CAPEX in the first quarter. I think it was 22%, 23%. It's about $800 million. So if you think the CAPEX is fractionally up this year, but you're going to have a smaller fraction. People should be thinking the CAPEX landed will be down because of the unusual actions we had to make in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, given the supply chain challenges we faced.
Seth Weber: Yes. That's exactly right. Okay. I appreciate that. And then maybe just can you dimensionalize some of this mega project commentary, kind of maybe just talk to where you think we are in that process, are these projects starting to move forward and are you like seeing shovels and dirt on these projects? There's a lot of debate around this stuff and just a lot of, I think, skepticism that some of these projects are going to go forward and can you just talk to just sort of the rate of activity that you're seeing on those projects, maybe even touch on just sort of the competitive environment for United to win those projects or anything you can give to help us get comfortable that those projects are moving forward and will be an impact in 2024? Thanks.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, certainly. Yes. And first of, there's not any skepticism from our perspective. So we're [Multiple Speakers]. No, no, no. These jobs -- because we have more visibility to this because of the planning that's required, frankly, than we do the local market business. So we actually feel really solid about our prospects on the large projects. And I think most of our peers that can participate in that, I think the nationals do as well. And I think you'll continue to hear that commentary. But their projects are ongoing right now. Some of the largest projects we've ever been on. I have gear on them today and did in at least back half 2023, but this is a multiyear tailwind. I know we'll use, for example, people talk, there've been a lot of talk about EVs. There hasn't been an EV cancellation yet. So I think one project was rescoped, a little smaller and one was paused because environmental needs and now is back online.  So we really aren't seeing a few delays for just idiosyncratic reasons, but we're not seeing cancellations at all in the major projects. And then as I mentioned earlier, there's a lot of LNG work that's coming. We think the Infrastructure Bill isn't at risk. That was regardless of what happens with the election. That was bipartisan support fully and more importantly, we really need it as a country. And then the IRA, which is more longer-term, I guess that's the one you could debate, but that's got a longer tail to it and one that hasn't even manifested yet. But the tailwinds that we've been discussing are showing up in our business today, and we expect to for multiple years.
Seth Weber: Okay. And can you -- is there anything you'd add on win rate or how successful you guys have been on getting these projects?
Matthew J. Flannery: No. We view that as competitive, and it's not something that we will discuss. All I can say is we've been the largest provider of equipment to national accounts and the people that do these type of jobs for many, many, many years, long before mega projects became a new term. So we feel good about our position.
Seth Weber: Got it, okay, thanks guys. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah, thanks. Good morning guys. So a lot of ground has been covered here. I just wanted to ask one that I had left on used equipment sales. So another year of kind of higher than normal used equipment sales you guys are forecasting. I guess any thoughts on how long that elevated level of investment will last? And can you also talk about the expected mix of wholesale versus auction in 2024? Thank you. 
William Ted Grace: Yes. So not knowing the context exactly how you think about that data. I mean, to us, that replacement that OEC sold is right in line with where it should be from an RUL perspective. So while the numbers are bigger, it's on a bigger base. So that replacement cycle is driven by a very systematic approach to how we manage the fleet and returns. So I'm not sure -- we can dig into this further, Nicole, but it's tough to know exactly how to interpret that question on that basis. So we feel good about that.  In terms of channel mix, we'd expect to kind of go back to that normal distribution. These are rough numbers. But over time, you'd see something like two thirds going through retail, you would see something like 20-ish or so going to trade packages, you'd see low doubles in broker, and that would leave auction in kind of that mid-single digit. If you compare that to 2023, really, the big difference was we used auction to clear out some of that Ahern inventory we talked about, especially in the second half. You would have seen that margins. You would have seen that in the recovery rates too. So I don't know if that helps answer the second part. Did I miss anything?
Matthew J. Flannery: No, I would just add, Nicole, when you think about the -- let's use the recovery rate, right, as a percentage of OEC. As you could see from what we're forecasting that number is coming down off historical highs but still above the mid-50s that we used to talk about. And we do think that as new equipment pricing continued to rise that acts as a bit of an umbrella of coverage. So we don't think we're going all way back to mid-50s nor is that implied in this guidance. So we still think somewhere in between the low 70s where things peaked up to the historical mid-50s is where we think we'll level out.
William Ted Grace: It's never good to correct your boss, but more like 50 to 55.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks guys. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. So the first question, I wanted to touch back on the forward visibility that you guys talked a little bit from your customers. Obviously, you talked a lot about the manufacturing activity and obviously, manufacturing had an amazing 2023. But as I'm thinking about your growth visibility for 2024, is that primarily kind of driven by the infrastructure and the power side because obviously, we're not going to see -- I don't think there's any expectation to see like another year of multiple $10 billion-plus semi fab projects on the maker project side. So what's kind of driving that weight of growth here in 2024?
William Ted Grace: Yes, I'll start there. I mean, I guess, we have kiddingly talked about this term mega projects, and no one's even sure what it really means and use different definitions. What I would -- I'm not trying to get caught up specifically on whatever mega projects means. We've talked about a number of verticals where we think there's growth opportunity. Certainly, manufacturing is at the top of that list. Power is very strong. But then you look at elements of infrastructure, which may or may not be mega projects. If you think about health care, you think about education, these are all areas where we've seen good momentum in 2023, and the indications are from our field team and customers that, that will sustain itself into 2024. So maybe some of those are mega projects, but many of them are kind of areas that could be -- maybe they don't qualify as this term, but they're still important verticals where we've got very strong strategies that benefit us. Matt I don't know if there is anything you would add.
Matthew J. Flannery: You covered it. Well said.
Ken Newman: Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, Matt, I think at the beginning of the call, you talked about optimism for rental rates maybe being a good guide for fleet productivity this year. I don't disagree with you, but I'm curious if you could just help us square us with that comment because, obviously, the guide is assuming supply chains are normalizing and used equipment sales were going to be a drag on margins this year. So where is the support for rates kind of staying here positive for the year?
Matthew J. Flannery: So a couple of things. Number one, there's still growth environment, right. That's first and foremost. But the industry has shown discipline, whether you want to say that discipline has caused that of demand because it was a robust demand or the need because of rising equipment prices, but also information so much more information in this latest cycle that we're in versus previously. And people always want to go back to pre-2009 and what happened, it's a different industry now. It's a different world now, but it's definitely a more mature industry. There's more information there. But the need -- and think about it for us, those that probably buys at the best in the industry, I would assume if we see the rising prices, I can't even imagine the industry overall, how anyone would consider that going negative on pricing would even be a reasonable thesis or financially feasible. So we really feel that all these reasons are why we feel good about it and then also, obviously, what we see in our business every day.
Ken Newman: Yes, that makes sense. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks guys. Good morning. I had two, the first kind of two parter. So the -- Matt, you referenced earlier your surveys. I thought you've always done surveys with your maybe 300 largest customers. I assume you do surveys with smaller customers, and you talked about a little bit weakness being local when I mean that. Could you talk about just compare and contrast those two categories? And the second part of this demand question is Infrastructure Bill, where do you -- do you see funds flowing at per your customers, I know there's a lot of projects let but are you seeing those funds flow?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, I'll talk to the customer set a little bit and let Ted give you some details on the survey and infrastructure. So when we talk about slowing local market business, it's what we see. When we segment our customers we see that local markets that were growing double digits are growing mid- to low single digits in some places. So when we see that slowing, it's the reality of what we see. The survey is still positive overall, and Ted will get to that, but I didn't want that to be mistaken. And we just think we'll be putting more of our fleet towards the tailwinds and the major projects that we've been discussing that we had historically. Ted, do you want to touch on the survey?
William Ted Grace: Yes. So Scott, the way the survey is constructed as we can look at different customer slices and certainly, we can look at what we call national and strategic accounts, and then we kind of look at the total responses. And the responses are on trailing three-week average more like 800 to 900. So it's a pretty large survey size. We think it's pretty representative of the world that our customers are living in. I would say, certainly, on a relative basis, the strongest results, those are -- it's a diffusion-based index. So those would fall into the categories pointing to growth are definitely going to be the bigger customers. I think that's a lot of what underpins what you've heard us talk about today. But people should not infer this to mean that the other accounts are what would be in the total composite are negative. They're still positive, just not as positive. We continue to see an exceptionally small fraction that actually see the world going down. We've talked about that being in the very low single-digit ranges. That's still true. So we're not seeing any kind of like bearish indications from our customer confidence indication. It's just kind of you are seeing kind of responses that are more -- are consistent with the way we've talked about our expectations for 2024.
Scott Schneeberger: Great, thanks. And then anything specific to Infrastructure Bill and funds loan guys?
William Ted Grace: So we've seen those awards, too. So it's been good to see a lot of those big awards made in 2023. If you look at the top 10 list that's on the White House website, very few of those have broken ground. You've obviously got an exceptionally large tunnel project between New York and New Jersey that I assume would be a 2024 event, maybe it's 2025. I suspect there's an awful lot of engineering there and permitting. But we've definitely seen anecdotally more dollars flow into that world in 2023, than in 2022. We said this. We really didn't see much in 2022, very late in the year we saw some. But across 2023 we started to see certainly rodent highway projects where you could see that attribution to the II JA. We saw a number of airports break ground. It wasn't just the big ones, but it was secondary and tertiary airports. You've heard us talk about that. You've seen some restoration projects in the Everglades and elsewhere that we've won. So again, it ends up being more anecdotal feedback from the team. There isn't some great summary or audit that the government has provided that we're aware of. But certainly gaining momentum.
Matthew J. Flannery: I'd agree. I'd say there's a lot more shovel ready to use your word work ahead, than there's been behind us certainly. So we're in the early innings of this. But I just want to remind everyone we've had growth and even in the fourth quarter, we've had good growth in our infrastructure sector really for the past couple of years plus. And this is something we started focusing on as early as 2017 with the NEF acquisition for those who have been covering us for a while. So we feel good about this. And we think, to your point, in what Ted's comments, more room ahead of us on the infrastructure as far as shovel-ready active work over the next few years.
Scott Schneeberger: Great, thanks guys. Good color. Appreciate that. For the follow-up, Ted, probably more for you. Just a summary of what we've heard on this call, your guidance for revenue, a little higher than the guidance for EBITDA growth. I think I heard hey, same level of cold starts on a little less revenue growth and a lot of technology investment. That's kind of my summary takeaway, but anything you'd add and is that accurate? Thanks. 
William Ted Grace: So the used piece is a critical one to make sure that you understand, Scott, and I think you do, but anybody else who's listening, we have talked for the last several years about the prospective normalization of the used market. You started to see that in 2023 versus 2022. Probably the easiest way to express this is in that recovery rate. In 2022, we recovered about $0.74 on the dollar selling 90-month old equipment. Historically, we get $0.50 to $0.55, and that really was driven by an extraordinarily unusual environment as everybody remembers. At that time, we went out of our way to tell people, those were not -- we didn't think those would be sustainable recovery rates. You wouldn't expect to buy an asset, have 7.5 years of cash flow and then sell it for only 26% economic depreciation. So you fast forward to 2023, we got back about $0.66 on the dollar. So that was part of that normalization. And if you think about what we expect for 2024 and what's embedded in our guidance, it's getting to about $0.60. It's at $1.5 billion of proceeds relative to $2.5 billion of OEC sold.  So down from 2023, but still well above those historical norms. As you'd expect, that will impact margins. Margins are still very high. In the entirety of 2023, I think we were about 57%. If you went back to kind of pre-pandemic levels, normal was more in the upper 40s. So we continue to see very strong margins there as well. But as I said, as you normalize that recovery rate, that will impact your margins. When you play through all of that, for the sake argument, if you assume that there was a linear relationship between that normalization on recovery and margins, you'd say, alright, if you guys get to, let's say, the low 50s adjusted used margin and you apply that to the revenue, that will give you a way to dimensionalize what that EBITDA headwind is we're facing and really overcoming in 2024 as used markets normalize. So we gave you a kind of handholding to think about how to quantify this. When you do that, you play with those numbers, that's where you see kind of flat margins year-on-year ex-use. Matt, anything you'd add there?
Matthew J. Flannery: Very thorough. We are good. Thanks. 
Scott Schneeberger: Great, thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matthew J. Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone on the call. We appreciate your time, and I'm glad you could join us today. And I'd just remind everyone, you can go to our site, our Q4 investor deck has the latest updates. And as always, Elizabeth is available to answer any of your questions. So stay safe, and I look forward to seeing you all in April. Operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risk and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the Company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's annual report on Form Ten K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedreynolds.com. Please note that United Reynolds has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Reynolds is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call this morning. As you saw in our third quarter results, the team continues to raise the bar, as evidenced by the new high watermarks we set across this quarter's revenue adjusted EBITDA and returns. As you've heard me say many times, our employees are the key to our results. Their focus on safely supporting our customers is paramount to generating value for our shareholders, and I'm most thankful that our team again delivered a companywide recordable rate below one. This goes without saying, but safety is not only a differentiator in the eyes of the customer, but it's also critical that we take care of our most valuable assets. Our team looking towards the rest of the year our reaffirmed guidance for 2023 reflects our confidence in the outlook of our business, and as I'll touch more on later, this is driven by both what we hear from the field and the tailwinds we see on the horizon. More generally, we're confident in the strategy that we've developed. The competitive advantages we've created over the last decade position us well to continue to outpace the industry as we drive towards our long term goals. Now, let's dig into the third quarter results. Total revenue rose by 23% year over year to $3.8 billion. A third quarter record within this rental revenue was up 18%, with broadbased growth across verticals regions and customer segments. Fleet productivity increased one and a half percent on a pro forma basis, adjusted EBITDA increased 22% to a third quarter record of $1.85 billion, translating to a margin of over 49%, while adjusted EPS grew by over 26% to a third quarter record. And finally, our return on invested capital expanded to a new record of 13.7%. So let's dive into a bit more of the details behind these results. Used equipment sales more than doubled year over year to $366 million as we normalized volumes and rotated out older fleet after holding back in 2022 Rental CapEx was in line with expectations at just over a billion dollars, reflecting a more normal quarterly cadence. As the supply chain is recovered, our need to pull spend forward should be behind us. And now to [indiscernible] As we approach the first anniversary of the deal, the integration remains on track, and a highlight continues to be the quality of the team. As you know, people are one of the key components we add when we bring companies on board and integrate them into United Rentals. Looking forward, this added capacity, combined with my comments on CapEx and supply chains, Eshould position us well to serve our customers as we enter 2024. Ahern is another great example of the strength we have in leveraging our balance sheet as a way to benefit both our customers and our shareholders. Now, let's turn to customer activity and demand. Key verticals saw broadbased growth led by industrial, manufacturing, metal and mining, and power. Non-res construction grew 9% year over year, and within this, our customers kicked off new projects across the board, including numerous EV and semiconductor related jobs, solar power facilities, infrastructure projects, data centers and healthcare. Geographically, we continued to see growth across all GenRent regions, and our specialty business delivered another excellent quarter, with organic rental revenue up 16% year on year and double digit gains in most regions. Within specialty, we opened 14 cold starts during the quarter, resulting in 39 new specialty location openings this year. Turning to capital allocation, in addition to the investments we've made in growth, we returned $350 millions to shareholders through share, buybacks and dividends this quarter and remain on track to return over $1.4 billion of cash to shareholders this year. As we look ahead, we feel confident in our outlook. This is supported by the ABC's Contractor Confidence Index, which remained strong across the third quarter, as did its backlog indicator, the Dodge Momentum Index, which advanced sequentially in September. Furthermore, non res construction spending and non res construction employment both remained solid. And most importantly, our own Customer Confidence Index continues to reflect optimism, while early indications from our field team on their expectations for '24 are also encouraging. Finally, I'd like to acknowledge the team for their efforts in earning our company's recent selection to the 2023 time magazine's World Best Companies and the US. News and World Reports Best Companies to Work For list. Recognition like this comes as no surprise when you see our employees dedication and hard work in the field day in and day out. So to wrap up my comments, today Q3 was a strong quarter. We remain very pleased with how the year is playing out. Looking forward the opportunity ahead of us around large projects is unlike anything in my career, and we're uniquely positioned in the rental industry to win more than our fair share of the 2 trillion plus of investment we see on the horizon. Not only do we have the scale technology and one stop shop solutions to make us a preferred partner, but we have a history of execution our customers can rely on. We set high expectations for 2023, and I'm proud of the results we're delivering. We feel good about the rest of the year and what's ahead for United Rentals and our investors. And with that, I'll hand the call over to Ted before we open the line to QA. Ted, over to you.
Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt, and good morning everyone. As you saw in our third quarter release, our team again delivered strong results that were consistent with our expectations and, importantly, keep us on track for another record year. I'll add that we continue to feel very good about our prospects beyond 2023 based on our strategy and the tailwinds we've discussed extensively. While it remains a little premature to say too much about next year, given where we sit in our planning cycle, I will say that 2024 is shaping up to be another year of growth. Certainly more to come there in January with our focus today on our third quarter performance and the balance months of the year. Now, one quick reminder before I jump into the numbers. As usual, the figures I'll be discussing are as reported, except where I call them out as pro forma, which is to say the prior period is adjusted include Ahern's, standalone results from the third quarter of last year. So, with all that said, let's get into the numbers. Third quarter rental revenue was a record at over $3.2 billion. That's a year over year increase of $492 million or 18%, supported by diverse strength across our end markets, as you heard Matt say, within rental revenue OER increased by $413 million or 18.5%. An increase in our average fleet size contributed 22.2% to that growth, partially offset by a 2.2% decline in as reported fleet productivity and assumed fleet inflation of one and a half percent. Also, within rental ancillary revenues were higher by $83 million, or 19.7%, while rent declined $4 million. On a pro forma basis, which, as you know, is how we look at our results, rental revenue increased by a robust 10.2%, with fleet productivity up one and a half percent, reflecting a healthy rate environment that continues to be supported by good industry discipline. Turning to used results, third quarter proceeds roughly doubled to $366 million, reflecting more normalized volumes as we continue to refresh our fleet. The decline in our third quarter adjusted used margin to 55.2% was largely due to expanded channel mix required to drive higher volumes, the impact of some cleanup actions we took on Ahern fleet and the normalization of supply demand dynamics. Importantly, we continued to take advantage of a robust used market by driving strong volume growth in our retail sales at attractive pricing. I'll also note that our average fleet age was 51.6 months at the end of the quarter, which is essentially back to pre Pandemic levels. Moving to EBITDA adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was a record $1.85 billion, reflecting an increase of $329 million or 22%. The dollar change includes a $264 million, increase from rental within which OER contributed $252 million and ancillary added 19 million, while rent declined $7 million year on year. Outside of rental, used sales added about 85 million to adjust EBITDA, while other nonrental lines of businesses contributed another $15 million. While SGNA in the quarter did increase $35 million year on year, as a percentage of sales, it declined 180 basis points to 9.9% of total revenue, reflecting another quarter of very good cost efficiency. Looking at third quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 80 basis points on an as reported basis, but increased 20 basis points on a pro forma basis to 49.1%. This translates to as reported flow through of 46% and pro forma flow through of better than 50%. Notably, if we excluded the impact of used in the quarter, our core flow through exceeded 53% and was in line with second quarter results. And finally, adjusted EPS increased 27% to a third quarter record of $11.73. Shifting to CapEx Gross rental CapEx was $1.3 billion versus net rental Capex of $664 million The $257 million decline in net rental CapEx largely reflects our return to more normalized use sales levels this year. Year to date, gross rental CapEx through the third quarter has totaled almost $3.1 billion, representing about 90% of our full year CapEx plan, which is in line with both our expectations and historical year to date levels. At this point, it is our sense that the supply chains have largely normalized, which should enable us to return to more typical quarterly cadences going forward and better match the timing of deliveries. With seasonal demand turning to return on invested capital and free cash flow, reich [ph] set a new record at 13.7% on a trailing twelve month basis and remains well above our cost of capital. While free cash flow also remains a good story. The quarter came in at $339 million, translating to a trailing twelve month free cash margin of 12.8%, all while continuing to fund robust growth. Moving to the balance sheet, our net leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was flat sequentially at 1.8 times, while our liquidity totaled $2.7 billion with no long term note maturities until 2027. Notably, all of this was after returning $1.5 billion to shareholders year to date, including 750 million through share repurchases and 305 million via dividends. So let's shift to the guidance we shared last night. We reaffirmed within our ranges for total revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow, reflecting our continued confidence in delivering a record year. Within this, we raised the midpoint of total revenue by $50 million to a range 14.1 to 14.3 billion reflecting cleanup actions being taken to dispose of some older fleet acquired that comes with no margin benefit. Just to avoid any confusion, that is to say the fleet is being sold at the values they are recorded at on our balance sheet. You see this in our implied used sales guidance of $1.5 billion at midpoint, which is an increase of $50 million versus our prior guidance. Adjusted EBITDA guidance is 6.75 billion to 6.87 5 billion, which maintains the midpoint at $6.825 billion. And finally, I'll point out that we expect to generate free cash flow of which will return a little over 1.4 billion to our investors for your repurchases and dividends this equates to more than $20 per share or around a 5% yield on return of capital at current share price levels. So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator. Operator, could you please open the line?
Operator: At this time we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] first question will come from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the time. I know you don't want to give 24 guidance, but can you help us with just two elements at least how you're thinking about it? The productivity measure and let's just think of it as reported basis ahern [ph] anniversaries in mid December and the toughest part of the time [indiscernible] comps we start to anniversary soon. Given peak supply chain constraints about three or four quarters ago, how should we think about productivity with those two items sort of anniversary? How are you thinking about productivity's? Ability to go back to flat to maybe up all in as reported and then also any help you can be at all with. You notice you mentioned the supply chain now is loose enough you can go back to your normal cadence on capex. How are you thinking about the fleet going into next year? There's some carryover growth, but just curious how you're thinking about replacement CapEx next year? Or is there some growth capex just to help frame those two big building blocks for thinking about 24 as an up or down year? I know you're saying up, but just want to get some of the pieces. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. David, now, without giving guidance, I'll just try to help out first. On your first part of the fleet productivity, I think you captured it well. We absolutely expect next year to have positive fleet productivity. Well, anniversary the very tough, and even on a pro forma basis, when you think about this year, we still had tough comps from a time utilization perspective, and we've talked about that over that unusual time that just we didn't feel was healthy and put way too much hand to mouth orders and customer relationships at risk. So we've run really strong time this year, as I told you guys in July, back over what we were in 19, and we think this is a more appropriate level, so we wouldn't expect time to be a headwind next year. And with that being said, the industry still needs to get rate. So if we think about the two largest contributors to fleet productivity, we call one flat and the other one positive, and then mix will be what Mix will be. We certainly expect to have positive fleet productivity next year. And as far as fleet CapEx cadence, I think the supply chain is not 100% back to normal, but probably close, probably about 90%. There's still a couple of categories of high time UT assets that we can't get as quickly as we want, but frankly, I don't think we're going to be able to front load them either because they're just in tough supply. So I think a more normalized cadence is the right way to think about what we'll do from a capital perspective. And we're not going to give CapEx guidance right now, but think about off of our base of $21 billion a fleet, we usually want to sell eleven or 12% of the fleet a year, right, to keep it fresh. And as Ted mentioned in his comments, we're really pleased that we got back to pre pandemic fleet age and we want to keep that rolling. So roughly, if you think about those numbers, you're talking about somewhere between two point three, two point five billion dollars of fleet sold to get to that 11% or 12%. And if we think about the replacement capex on that at this point, certainly higher than 15. Let's just round up to 20. You're talking about somewhere between $2.83 billion of capex for replacement next year, depending on how much we sell. And I use that as a baseline, and anything over and above that will obviously communicate in January. That'll be our growth CapEx. We do expect 24 to be a growth year, and we expect there will be some growth CapEx, but we just haven't worked through the planning process yet. We'll give you better guidance in January. All right, thank you. And lastly, with all that said and how you're perceiving the world going into 24, I know I asked this last call too, but the leverage down at 1.6 times the net debt EBITDA at the end of the year. Can you just give us some framework or how you're thinking about M and A versus other uses of that balance sheet in cash flow or the leverage is expected to know continue to go down next year. Just trying to get a sense how you're thinking about it. Thank you. I'll help let I'll answer a little bit of it and I'll let Ted jump in. You know, we always talk about the use of our capital is going to be to grow the business. So first and foremost, feed the organic growth to meet the demand that our customers expect us to meet. And then secondly, M A, if we find opportunities of where we can be a better owner of business. We certainly have shown a history of that and frankly, we're pretty good at it. So why not utilize the balance sheet for that? That pipeline remains robust, but we have a high threshold. So I'm not pointing to anything imminent other than the fact that we're always looking and we'll have a specific lien to any new products we can add or specialty, but then also to add capacity, like we did with a couple of deals, including Ahern this past year as far as after we've used capital for growth. I'll let Ted take that. Yeah, thanks for the question, David. So, as everybody saw, we are leveraged about 1.8 at the end of this quarter and the implied guidance would have us at around one six at year end. So a little bit below that bottom threshold we had introduced in 2019 of two. We do think the strategy overall has served us very well and it's accomplished a lot of what it was intended to accomplish, which primarily was to allocate excess free cash flow to reduce the equity volatility and improve valuation. And so when we measure kind of our absolute and relative beta, when we look at our absolute and relative multiples, we think that has been quite successful in delivering what we wanted. In terms of what's next, certainly that's something we've talked about that we're still working on. We would expect to have an update for the street as we introduce our 24 guidance and all the related capital allocation programs that will be underpinned by that plan. So more to come there in January. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Please go ahead. Thank you.
Rob Wertheimer: So my question is on rental gross margin. And I think Ted mentioned that you still have some cleanup, I guess, activity on the [indiscernible] fleet, which may be depressing gross margin. I think you have extra depreciation, but it seemed a little sequentially weaker than 2Q, and I'm just wondering if there's any other driver or if it was incremental activity related to Ahern that drove that. And I guess Ahern probably didn't have specialty. So I wonder if you could address the s three gross margin as well. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, so if we look at that gen rental gross margin, I'd say in line with our expectations. While you did see the as reported margin down 320 basis points versus 270 last quarter, pretty minor. When you convert that into dollars you'd be talking about just that 50 basis points being equivalent to about $12 million of cost on a revenue base of about 2.3 billion. There's always puts and takes within cost structures As everybody knows depreciation was part of that. So if you think about that 50 basis points, the incremental depreciation we recognized in the quarter as we go through final purchase accounting on ahern was probably 30 of those basis points would have been captured in that and otherwise you always have one time costs or other cost dynamics that may be hitting you. We don't think there's really much to be made of it. The question is a very fair one to ask in the scheme of things. Given the numbers I just walked through, I think it's pretty we would characterize that more as quarter on quarter noise within specialty. You saw flat margins I guess year on year off record at 52.2%. So very strong performance there. There really wasn't much to call out. We did have some mix shifts within the different pieces of specialty that would have been relative headwinds. But again, if we can grow a business at 16% and generate 52% margins we feel really good about that.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. That answers that if I'm allowed. You guys have some experience with megaprojects by now and I know there's a lot of different kinds of megaprojects running from LNG to airport to semiconductors to whatever. But there's a lot of just questions if commercial or office or whatever construction declines and megas rise, do you have a sense if on a dollar for dollar basis you lose a dollar in one, you gain a dollar in the other? If that's materially different on mix and I'll stop there. Materially different.
Matthew Flannery: On what? Rob? On mix. On mix. So if you lose a mix so you lose a dollar of office construction, you lose a certain amount of revenue, you gain a dollar of mega construction, you gain a certain amount of revenue.
Rob Wertheimer: How does that shift out for you? Thank you. Thanks Rob. Take that. So we're probably thinking more about if you're thinking about what that larger customer, larger project, longer duration rental does from a mixed perspective there's a bigger variance if you're thinking about just transactional business. So certainly our largest customers get a little bit leverage out of their spend with us than Joe the plumber walking in the store. So that's where the biggest gap is. But one of the reasons why we built a go to market to make sure we specifically cater to these large customers, large projects and large plants is because when you could put those big block of revenues to work at one site you could serve them much more efficiently. So on the top line there may be some variance certainly between your transactional business in the top line rate that you charge but margin wise, we historically don't see much of a difference because of that lower cost serve and that's why we've built this go to market to cater to those projects. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow up on the megaproject discussion, I'm curious if you could talk a little bit about what's happening beneath the surface there on the megaprojects within your pipeline. Obviously there's some headlines about some projects experiencing some delays, but I guess to what extent are any new ones coming onto the radar screen as well? Or is it more like just a known population at this point? Curious about just the flow of what you're seeing in the market opportunities there.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Steve. I would call the handful, I think it's less than a handful somewhere four or five projects that have hit the headlines are really not relevant to the whole pipeline that we're tracking. And to be fair, I'd say the same about new ones coming on. We do find out about new things coming on all the time, but the basis is pretty robust and pretty well known quantity and we've been tracking that and that number remains strong at a steady level. When we think about the other thing about these handful of projects, none of them are macroeconomic related. Right. There are some delays that you'd call political, maybe that there was a Chinese partner that one of the plants was dealing with that got some noise about, others are permitting. There was a job in South Carolina that got delayed because some environmental potential issues that they have to work through. So we're not seeing things that are slowed down because there's economic issues. It's really more just individual issues that are coming up for each of these projects. So not anything that we're concerned about. There's still a robust pipeline of jobs, many of which we have fleet on today and many of which we know are coming out of the ground in 2024.
Stephen Fisher: Great. And then just a bigger picture question about Ahern when we think about next year, are there actual tailwinds in 24 from Ahern or is it more just kind of like a neutral? You said kind of just lapping the utilization. And what about the synergies? I know there have been some plans about synergies, so I'm curious if it's actually going to be adding from Ahern next year. Just sort of like a neutral. I would call it more neutral.
Matthew Flannery: I would call it more well scrambled at this point other than some of the cleanup we're doing and certainly will be by year end when we lap the anniversary. As far as the synergies, we did a good job. We'll meet the synergies that we had guided towards and that we had targeted by year end. We're pretty close to done with them now, so we're in good shape there and it'll be nice to have a little bit cleaner view to share with you all. No more pro forma as reported. I know it's been confusing on some of the metrics specifically and all that will be cleaned up by year end.
Stephen Fisher: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Clay Williams: Hi. Yes, this is Clay Williams on for Jerry Revich. Quick question. One of the hallmarks of your acquisition strategy has been the ability to get acquired businesses to post utilization and margins that are typically in line with the base business. As we approach the one year anniversary on Ahern, when do you this asset can have comparable fleet productivity and margins as the base business or still work to do there.
Matthew Flannery: So usually we say as far so is there a differentiation? Right. So the asset attributes, which would be more the fleet productivity will get there next year, right? Somewhere around. But you have to remember it would be a like for like asset. They didn't have specialty, they didn't have some of the higher dollar UT items. But when you think about their assets that we bought from them, by next year we expect them to look the performance to look like the assets that we own in that category. Now, when you think about margin, to get all of our processes implemented in their stores, it usually takes a little longer. Now you're talking somewhere between 18 months, two years, depending on how fast we move. So there'll be a little bit of drag still on the operations of those stores as they implement all the new activity, the new tools. But from the fleet productivity, it should be mostly realized by next year.
Ted Grace: The one thing I might add, and just for everybody's benefit, each deal certainly has its unique profile from a margin standpoint. Just for clarity's sake, we've talked about this pretty extensively, but the deals we do tend to be margin dilutive structurally. That's not to say they're not very good deals economically, the returns have clearly been very attractive. But if you think about Ahern, they were doing 35% EBITDA margins, LTM fully synergized. They were going to be sub 40. That was the same thing for Blue Line, I think NES fully synergized, they would have been 42. NEF was closer. But certainly if you look at GFN, they were doing LTM EBITDA margins at 27. They were in the low 30s synergized. And that same thing was true with Baker. So we do a great job. We take pride in the fact that we're able to integrate these companies and extract a lot of value, including through cost energies. But there has been that just Greg, I'm sure you appreciate that, but for other people's benefit, I just want to make sure we added that.
Clay Williams: Thanks, appreciate it. And on guidance, midpoint of guidance implies margins are slightly up sequentially in Q four versus three Q. This is better than a normal seasonality? What's improving versus normal seasonality? Or should we not be looking at it from a midpoint to midpoint? Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, we have always been consistent in telling people, don't anchor to midpoint. And it's not to kind of give a winker or nod which direction you should be thinking. But we've given that range, that's kind of where we feel comfortable indicating fourth quarter, but beyond that, we don't give quarterly guidance, as you know.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning, Matt. back to your earlier comments on that. You expect fleet productivity to be positive in 24. Do you still believe that or confident in terms of the ability to exceed inflation? I know you mentioned positive, but is your expectation that can be positive in excess of inflation? And to that point you mentioned the dollars you'll be replacing upwards of 20%. Is that just as you think about bringing in more fleet today, that you're dropping out from seven, eight years ago? Is that one and a half percent number close to what you think actual inflation rate should be in this environment?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. So, first off, that'll always be our goal to outpace inflation. And we think we will. We feel confident we'll have positive fleet productivity, and frankly, we need to outpace that inflation. Right. The whole point of fleet productivity was to make sure that we generate revenue growth higher than the fleet growth. And that fleet growth, some of it's inflation. So you got to exceed it. As far as the point and a half bogey that we put out there a couple of years ago, in reality, it's a little bit higher today, where that extra inflation gets captured in mix, which gets captured in the fleet productivity report. So whether we change that bogey to higher, if we make that two, two and a half percent and then we add it back in and the fleet productivity looks better, it's really just right pocket, left pocket. We're keeping it at one and a half for now, just for simplicity's sake of keeping it consistent. But we still absorb that extra inflation and that comes in as negative mix. So you guys still see the whole picture, and we'll probably continue to do that going forward. And we've talked about a little bit internally and we think it's easier to keep the metric consistent and we do expect to exceed that inflation even with the extra mix headwind.
Tim Thein: Okay, understood. And then hopefully that makes sense. It does- thank you, Matt. And then you guys have a good lens into the kind of the supply demand balance in the industry from a number of sources, but including the Rouse data. And it seems to us, anyway, that you mentioned earlier, supply chains are loosening up, and some of the OEM dealers that seem to be getting more active in rental also seem to be catching up in terms of product availability. I'm curious if that's coming through in terms of that supply demand data that you guys see and just how, if at all, it's influencing or informing you about your CapEx plans for 24.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. Well, it's certainly gotten better, right? So supply chain certainly gotten better and I think you're seeing, I think you'll see most of the industry run more normalized time utilizations. You've seen that this year. And that's a good thing, right? Because you can run the business more efficiently and frankly be more reliable partner to your customers. But I think the next big leg of growth from the OEMs still going to be replacement. I don't think that as OEMs grow their volume, this is going to be all this extra fleet in the system. There's still a lot of replacement CapEx that needs to be served and especially in some of the areas that's been dragging. So I think that'll be more the characteristic of the next year or two. We're getting ahead of the curve. You see how much we're trying to focus on the used sales to get that fleet age right. So we feel good about where we are, but we're still going to have a lot of replacement CapEx next year just like the rest of the industry.
Tim Thein: Okay, thanks for time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Neil Tyler with Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead.
Neil Tyler: Yeah. Good morning. A couple of small questions left please. Firstly, just going back to your comments, Matt, Ted, about the ahern synergies. I thought you'd made comments at the previous couple of quarters that the revenue synergies might take a bit more time to crystallize and probably wouldn't be expected to come through in the first twelve months. So I just wanted to just check where you stand on that and the thoughts. And I understand that to use your word, the egg is fairly well scrambled at the moment. But if you can just sort of help us understand how the cross selling has been going there. And then the second one just a bit more specific on the used proceeds as you move into next year. First of all, it sounds as if you've broadly sort of caught up in terms of exiting or shedding the fleet of the older assets. So presumably the used fleet will be slightly younger, but I guess we're all expecting used prices to normalize downwards a bit. So if you can help us sort of think about the percentage of OEC perhaps at those proceeds we'll track through the next twelve months or so.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Neil, thanks for giving me the chance to clarify. Our cost synergies will be realized. You are absolutely right. Our revenue synergies will take longer. So I'm so knowledgeable of that that I heard it as cost, even if it wasn't asked that way. So thanks for that clarity. But the cross selling is going well. We're on schedule, and that usually takes a couple of years to fully bake, and we're on track for that. I think the customer base and the sales teams that come with that are very pleased to have a full portfolio to sell, so that's working well. And then as far as the used proceeds, yeah, I mean, certainly we've talked about these dynamics for a while now, and as the supply chain normalizes, the expectation would be that that incremental buyer who couldn't buy new and was left to only buy used fades. And so on a relative basis, you see not as much demand versus supply. Now that's something we've talked about and expected. And in 24, that likely is going to be a dynamic that people should be looking for. On the other hand, you're still going to have fleet inflation. And Matt alluded to kind of the cumulative 20% that's for us, in a very good position. I would say fleet inflation more broadly is higher, and ultimately that provides an umbrella for used pricing. So these are kind of cross currents that we'll be balancing next year. We certainly would expect to have recovery rates well above historical levels. 22 set an unsustainable bar. I think everybody understood that there was some temporary benefit there that led to us getting $0.74 On the dollar, if I'm not mistaken, selling eight year old equipment. That's not normal, and that's not something anybody ever expected to be sustained. You're seeing a normalization this year with that channel mix. Next year I think you'll see us kind of normalize again. So ultimately those recovery rates, they won't be at 22 levels, but they won't be back to those kind of pre 20 levels either. And then the other part about fleet age, Neil, it won't be tremendously different. We just got back to more normalized fleet age. We've always had plenty of eight year old equipment to sell, so we don't think that that seven to eight year old average range that we've been hitting will be changing that much. Okay, that's really helpful.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you. Neil, do you have a third question? I thought you said you had three. I don't know if two were based within you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Stephen Ramsey with Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Stephen Ramsey: Good morning. I know it's early days on megaproject getting ramped up. I'm curious on the secondary effects that you're seeing there, if the rental market in those geographies is tighter and helping utilization and rates more broadly, besides just the project itself.
Matthew Flannery: Yeah, generally, yes. But I think you're talking about mostly the larger companies that are going to be supplying these jobs. And we'll all mobilize the fleet to get there to take care of the customers, but generally it will tighten up in the surrounding areas. And then the other part of a lot of these plants, especially the ones that are built in more rural markets, is you'll have infrastructure built around them, whether that be feeder plants, whether that be residential, and then the retail and the schools that go with it. So these are big boons for these markets overall that we certainly expect to get our fair share plus, but that the whole area will benefit from.
Stephen Ramsey: That's helpful. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jeff Weber with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Q  Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Hey, guys. Good morning. It's Seth. I just wanted to go back to the used equipment discussion again for a second. Just to clarify, it sounds like you kind of tweaked your channel mix here to help get rid of some of the older fleet, the acquired fleet. Can you just talk to what you think your channel mix will be going forward? Whether it's more wholesale, less auction, what have you. Just how should we think about the channel mix to sell used equipment going forward relative to where it's been for the last couple of quarters? Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Seth. So if you go back to pre COVID levels, we're usually about two thirds of our volume of retail and less than 5% auction. And whatever fell in the middle there between trades and brokers varied a little bit on years just based on what kind of negotiations we did with vendors, what were the assets we needed to replace and so on. I think we expect it'll get more normalized to that type of atmosphere. Obviously, you saw 17% auction this past quarter. That might be the highest we've ever done, but that's certainly a large number for us. And that was just blowing out some of the older assets from the 2.2 billion of acquired fleet that we had through M&A, right. Everybody had their 5% to 10% in the back of the lot that you had to either decide to work through or get rid of. So we just decided to clean that up. But we'll get back to more normalized channel mix. That what you saw pre pandemic.
Q  Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Fenigerwith Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions, Matt,we haven't really seen how rental holds up in a higher for longer interest rate environment. How does that kind of typically weigh on project activity, but also impact that rent versus own trade off? How does this kind of higher for longer rate environment differ from other periods when we think of the impact to the rental equipment space?
Matthew Flannery: For my 30 plus years of doing this, anytime capital becomes more expensive, it's logical to think that people pay more attention to what they spend their capital on. So when you think about customers that were owning or wanted to own, it adds another barrier thought to them to then think about the opportunity to try rental. And once they do, the math just works. When you think about the lack of even in a flat interest environment, when you think about once they get over the fact that can I get what I want when I need it. Our industries come such a long way that we don't lose customers, they don't go the other way after that because the rental experience is much better. They have flexibility to turn the assets in when they don't need them. They don't have to deal with all those soft costs of storage, maintaining transportation, and the reliability, right. So our mechanics are usually going to do a heck of a lot better job than somebody who's working on equipment once in a blue moon. So all those variables mean greater rental penetration and I think a higher interest environment just adds another layer of that higher penetration. So that's what would be our expectation.
Michael Feniger: Thank you. And my follow up is just clearly there's some moving pieces for the construction cycle next year. Offices, commercial versus infrastructure, industrial, upstream, energy versus downstream. Just help us in the context of fleet intensity. We saw this in 2015, 16 with fears of the oil downturn. Just how much fleet would come out of some of these weaker pockets compared to the fleet necessary to service some of these other markets that are seeing tailwinds. If you could just kind of help us conceptualize some of those moving pieces. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: And Michael, pockets you're talking about, are you referring to what areas? Because I think you heard my opening comments. We're seeing pretty broad based demand. All the verticals that we serve, ironically, other than oil and gas, I think we've all seen the rig count come down, have been we're positive in Q3. So we're not seeing a lot of those soft pockets. Say a little more what you're thinking about.
Michael Feniger: Well, I guess if those pockets do soften next year. Matt, how should we think about the business model reacting and the fleet that services maybe some of these pockets that the market is worried about. Commercial real estate, private office, relative to the fleet that's required for some of these other end markets that are seeing really strong verticals or strength on a multi year basis.
Matthew Flannery: Okay, great. So we have always somewhere between three and three and a half billion dollars right at our disposal to reposition fleet profiles, if that's what necessary. But one of the great things of the model is we have very fungible assets, right. The fleet we use may vary a little bit depending on what type of construction is going on. Maybe in some of these stadiums you're going to need bigger booms and maybe on some of these megaprojects you're going to have a higher propensity for a full breadth of fleet from more dirt moving because there are bigger footprints, but our fleet breadth can really account for that. And it's one of the great parts of the rental model, is as long as you don't get overly specialized, which we don't, that fungibility allows you to move it from different types of work to the other. And that's something that on the margin. If there's some changes, we certainly have just within our replacement CapEx, the opportunity to reprofile and send that fleet to the right place. Mike what I might add and it's really difficult to get into demand intensity by subvertical, if you will, but the way we've kind of talked about this publicly and we look at it internally is just more from a top down perspective. And if you think about the verticals, where certainly we feel very good things like manufacturing, power, infrastructure, transportation, healthcare, et cetera, if you look at the dollar value of those projects and those markets versus the areas you're alluding to which maybe it's aspects of office, it's aspects of commercial just the absolute dollars are much greater in the areas that seem to be opportunistic. And so from a weighted basis, that's where we see our opportunity growing next year.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mike. Thank you. At this time, we have no further questions in queue. I will turn the call back to Matt Flannery for closing remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Great. Thank you, operator and that wraps it up for today. And I want to thank everyone for joining us and remind you all that if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Elizabeth anytime. Operator you can now end the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.+

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that, this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that, the Company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that, United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that, the Company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. As you have heard us say since the beginning of the year, 2023 is about raising the bar off of last year's record results, and our second quarter performance across growth, profitability and returns provides evidence of that. I'm pleased with how the year is playing out including the Ahern integration, which remains on-track. Of course, key to all of this is our employees, who do an exceptional job supporting our customers every day. Without them, we wouldn't be able to generate the results we consistently deliver. And I'm pleased to report that, once again, they have done this with safety at the forefront as our company-wide recordable rate remained well below one in the second quarter. Importantly, our growth shows that, we continue to outpace our underlying market as we leverage our competitive advantages to provide a superior level of customer service. So let's dig into the results. Total revenue rose by 28% year-on-year to a second quarter record of almost $3.6 billion. Within this, rental revenue grew 21% as reported with broad-based demand across verticals, regions and customer segments while fleet productivity increased 2.1% on a pro forma basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased 29% to a second quarter record $1.7 billion driving solid margin expansion. Adjusted EPS grew by 26% to a second quarter record $9.88. And clinically, our return on invested capital set another new high watermark at 13.4%. In short, we are on-track for another record year driven by robust customer activity. And the increases to our full-year guidance reflects our continued confidence in customer demand. Used equipment sales were another highlight in the quarter. We generated a record second quarter proceeds of $382 million. The retail market remains very strong, and we also broadened our channel mix, as we discussed we would last quarter. Combined with the improvements we have seen across most of the supply chain, this has allowed us to refresh our fleet by rotating some of the older assets out. As you saw, rental CapEx totaled $1.25 billion in quarter, in line with our expectations and helping to ensure that, we have the capacity our customers need to support their projects today and going forward. And as I alluded to earlier, the integration of Ahern remains on-track. The teams have come together especially well and our second quarter results reflect the ongoing improvements in the efficiency of their business. And at this point, we are focused on optimizing the combined branch network and fleet, which should be completed by year end. Now let's take a closer look at the second quarter demand. Key vertical saw broad-based growth, led by industrial manufacturing, metals and minerals, and power. Non-res construction was also up double-digits. Within this, our customers kicked-off new projects across the board, including numerous CV plants and semiconductor plants, solar power facilities, infrastructure projects and for the Buffalo Bill fans out there, a new stadium. Geographically, we saw growth in all of our regions, on both the reported and pro forma basis. And our specialty business delivered another excellent quarter with rental revenue up 17% year-on-year organically and double-digit gains across all major categories. Within specialty, we opened 19 new locations in the second quarter and are on-track for the 40 cold starts this year. Turning to capital allocation. We returned over $350 million to shareholders during the quarter through share buybacks, and dividends are on-track to return over $1.4 billion of cash to shareholders this year. And our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Looking ahead to 2023, 2023 is on-track to be another record year across a variety of KPIs, including revenue, EBITDA, EPS and returns. We are encouraged by customer sentiment and external indicators, which point to growth and give us confidence in our updated guidance. For example, the ABC's Contractor Confidence Index remained strong across the second quarter, as did its backlog index. The Dodge Momentum Index was up 19% year-over-year in June, while non-res construction employment growth also remains solid. And most importantly, our own Customer Confidence Index continues to reflect their optimism. Beyond 2023, we remain positive on longer term outlook, driven by key tailwinds including infrastructure, industrial manufacturing, and energy and power. As we shared at our Investor Day in May, we spent the last decade building unique and diverse capabilities that position us very well for the two trillion plus dollars of construction projects underpinned by these tailwinds over the next decade. Put simply our advantages across scale, complex solutions, technology, and people put us in a first call position and we believe this provides a platform for leveraging our resilient business model and pursuing continued growth both organically and through M&A. Finally, I want to highlight our new sustainability report, which we released yesterday. While there is a lot of great content in that report that we are very proud of, this year I would especially point out to the work our team's done quantifying how the rental business model aligns with key aspects of sustainability. For example, less equipment needs to be manufactured because of rental, which has clear benefits while the equipment that we have in our fleet also helps our customers reduce their emissions intensity based on its younger age and greater fuel efficiency. And not only does this benefit our customers, we believe that it also benefits our employees, the communities we are operating in and our shareholders. Before I hand the call over to Ted, I will sum up today by saying I'm very pleased with how the year is playing out. We entered 2023 with high expectations, and as you can see through our results, that is what we are delivering. We feel good about the rest of the year and what is ahead for United Rentals and our investors. And with that, I will hand the call over to Ted before we open the line for Q&A. Ted, over to you.
William Grace: Thanks Matt, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our second quarter release, our team produced strong results that were consistent with our expectations and keep us on-track for another record year. And as we shared at our Investor Day, we continue to feel very good about our prospects beyond 2023 based on the tailwinds we have discussed extensively. One quick reminder before I jump into the numbers. As usual, the figures I will be discussing are as reported, except where I call them out as pro forma, which are adjusted to include Ahern standalone results from last year. So with that said, let's get into the details. Second quarter rental revenue was a record $2.98 billion. That is a year-over-year increase of $519 million or 21% supported by diverse strength across our end markets. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $443 million or 22%. Our average fleet size increased by 25.5%, providing a $514 million benefit, which was partially offset by a decline in as reported fleet productivity of 2% or $41 million. And our usual fleet inflation of 1.5% or $30 million. Also, within rental, ancillary revenues were higher by $75 million or 19.3% and re-rent provided an additional $1 million. I will note that on a pro forma basis, rental revenue was up a robust 12.4% year-over-year, and fleet productivity increased 2.1% as industry discipline continues to support a healthy rate environment. Turning to used results, our second quarter revenue increased 133% to $382 million as we continue to return to more normalized volumes, while our second quarter adjusted used margin of 57.3% reflected healthy pricing. Notably, as we said we would, we have expanded our channel mix to support these higher used volumes. During the quarter retail accounted for 65% of our mix consistent with its longer term proportion versus 90% last year. Within the shift, we doubled our retail volume, it remains a very strong demand environment. Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just under $1.7 billion, another second quarter record reflecting the increase of $384 million or 29%. The dollar change includes a $310 million increase from rental within which OER contributed $298 million. Ancillary added $15 million and re-rent was down three million. Outside of rental, use sales added $117 million to adjusted EBITDA, while other non-real lines of businesses contributed another $8 million. SG&A increased $51 million due primarily to increases in variable costs, such as higher commissions. As a percentage of sales, however, SG&A declined 180 basis points year-on-year to a second quarter record low of 10.6% of total revenue. Some nice efficiency there. Looking at second quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin increased 40 basis points on an as reported basis and increased 130 basis points on a pro forma basis to 47.7%. This translates to an as reported flow through of 49% in pro forma flow through of better than 54%. And finally, adjusted EPS increased 26% to a second quarter record of $9.88. Shifting to CapEx, gross rental CapEx was $1.25 billion, and net rental CapEx was $869 million. This represents an increase of $161 million in net CapEx year-over-year, supporting our continued growth in 2023. Year-to-date, gross CapEx is totaled roughly $2.05 billion. This equates to about 60% of the midpoint of our full-year rental CapEx guidance, which is where we expect it to be at this time of the year. Turning into return on invested capital and free cash flow ROIC, which as you know is a critical metric for us, set a new record at 13.4% on a trailing 12-month basis. That is 30 basis points sequentially and 190 basis points year-on-year, and remains well above our weighted average cost of capital. Free cash flow also remains a good story with a quarter coming in at $340 million or a trailing 12-month free cash margin of 12.3%, all while continuing to fund significant growth. Moving to the balance sheet, our net leverage ratio at the end of the quarter improved to an all-time low of 1.8 times or a decline of 10 basis points sequentially and 20 basis points year-over-year. And our liquidity at the end of June exceeded $2.7 billion with no long-term maturities until 2027. Notably, this was after returning $352 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $250 million through share repurchases and 102 million via dividends. So let's look forward and talk about our increased guidance, which reflects our continued confidence that 2023 will be a record year. Total revenue is now expected in the range of $14 billion to $14.3 billion, implying a $200 million increase at midpoint and full-year growth of around 21.5%, and pro forma growth of roughly 13.5%. Within total revenue, our used sales guidance is now implied at around $1.45 billion or an increase of $150 million reflecting better than expected pricing and stronger than expected retail demands. We have increased our guidance for adjusted EBITDA by $100 million at midpoint to a range of $6.75 billion to $6.9 billion. This continues to imply as reported flow through of around 48% and pro forma flow through in the mid fifties. On the fleet side, we have narrowed our gross CapEx range by $50 million between $3.35 billion and $3.55 billion given the increase in our used sales expectations. This now implies net CapEx between $1.9 billion and $2.1 billion. And finally, we are increasing our free cash flow guidance by $175 million at midpoint to between $2.3 billion in $2.5 billion, which is before repurchases and dividends that together should return over $1.4 billion of cash to our investors or better than $20 per share. So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Just wondering if you could help us with how you are thinking about fleet productivity the rest of the year and maybe a little more color on what drove the pro forma decline from five nine down to two for the second quarter.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. David, it is Matt, how you doing? So as far as what drove the pro forma down, I mean, we are pleased with the pro forma being up 2.1%. We understand some of the concern out there and is that telling the street something. So I will be clear about a few things since we don't actually give you the whole numbers. We have said, we talked to you qualitatively about it. This is not a demand or a rate issue, the industry still remains in really good shape. I think you are seeing that through the others that report the actual numbers, rate environment is strong and frankly, the discipline in the industry, strong and demand is supporting that. So, first off. This is really a time issue for us. We made the decision to front load fleet this year to tampon down the very, very aggressive time utilizations. We have been running frankly for a couple years. And we didn't really think it was responsive to our customer's needs. And we were doing a little bit of too much hand to mouth, putting big relationships at risk. We weren't comfortable with that. So we front loaded our fleet, you remember, back and forth quarter last year. And that is on top of bringing in the Ahern fleet. We are very pleased of how it is working out. And just to put it in context, although I'm not going to revert to giving back whole numbers. Our actual time utilization in Q2 was higher than pre-COVID averages and higher than the last time we gave you guys time utilization in 2019. So this is still strong time utilization just compared to the very frothy, almost inflated time use that we ran last year because we couldn't get the fleet timely enough. It is dragging a comp issue and that is all this is.
David Raso: And regarding the rest of the year, how should we think about year-over-year fleet productivity that is baked into the guide?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think you will see these dynamics play through in Q3 similar to what they did in Q2. We will, we will continue to have seasonal builds, but there were seasonal builds in the comps as well. So we think these dynamics will play through and we are very comfortable. We continue to see a strong rate environment. We will continue to bring in fleet to support this demand in Q3and so we think the dynamics to be similar.
David Raso: So if the fleet productivity is similar in the back half of the year as the second quarter, where does that leave you at the end of the year, as we think about 2024? You made a comment just now about time mute, on a historical basis is still sort of above average. Is that how you see the full-year time mute. Just trying to think about your confidence in starting the conversations for rates for 2024, where are we exiting our thoughts on this time mute level versus history?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. To be clear, we don't want to get into forecasting ahead that far. But I will tell you when we said this in May at the Investor Day, we do view 2024 as a growth year. And if you do the math on the capital guide we gave and where we started the year, we are going to start the year with more fleet to support growth. We do think the end markets will come out of an exit rate this year at strong end market demand. We still believe that. And then from there, we will build up our - through our planning process towards the end of this year. We will build up what we think we need from more growth CapEx. We do expect that we will continue this will be a more normalized replacement CapEx. You are seeing that in this quarter as well, and we expect to do that next year as well. We want to place somewhere around 10% to 12% of our fleet per year, and I think this new number puts us right in the center of that target.
William Grace: David, this is Ted. The one thing I might add is, Matt made the comment about second quarter time you have altered history. Just to be clear, for the full-year, we would expect the same to be true. Relative to history, 2023 will be a strong time.
David Raso: Okay. That is helpful. And on the rest of the year guide, I'm talking reported, the implied EBITDA margins are down a little bit from the second half of last year. But in the first half of this year, your EBITDA margins were 50 bps higher than a year ago. So just curious why the margins would be down year-over-year in the second half, but having been up in the first half of this year.
William Grace: Yes. So I would say a couple of things there, David. One, we always caution people against anchoring with the midpoint. But Ahern, it is really kind of the factor that people need to be thinking about, as they think about first half and second half dynamics year-on-year. We have been clear to talk about pro forma flow through in the mid-50s. We have been delivering that and we would expect that to be true in the back half of this year, which will be driving margin expansion on a pro forma basis, which as Matt said is the way we think about our business.
David Raso: And last quick one, sorry to pause the call here. Apologies. But you are implied free cash flow the rest of the year and your EBITDA. It would imply that the leverage, the financial leverage at the end of the year is at 1.6. So to get back to even the low end of your target of 2% to 3% for leverage would imply you have about $2.8 billion to put to work, just to get to the low end. Just curious how you are thinking about deploying that? And again, that already counts for $500 million repo for the rest of the year. a couple $100 million of dividends. So this is above and beyond that. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Correct, it does. And this is one of the things we have been working on internally and we will work on it further as the year progresses. For 2023, kind of our allocation of capital is committed as you know. As it relates to next year, we will have decisions to make. And certainly, we will have an update for where we end up come January, I would expect. But we are left with a couple options, and we have talked about these publicly. On one hand, there is the potential that we could lower the range, which is something we talked about when we introduced the new capital allocation strategy in 2019, or you could keep it where it is. That is one of those things we are working on, trying to figure out what is the best way to allocate capital to drive shareholder value. So there is not much more specific I can add right now, but certainly, you know, that is how we are thinking about it.
David Raso: Alright, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks David.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Good morning, everybody. So I had a question on Ahern and just the maturation of acquisitions in general. And I know you talk about how you sort of scramble the egg and you can't always unscramble it, but I assume that you have still got some ongoing repair and maintenance as you sort of fix up a fleet that was presumably under invested in. And then I assume there is also a process just cause you guys have so much, you have so much process, you have so many SKUs and so forth of training people up and so forth. So I just wonder if you have any comments on how long or how big that margin differential is and how that maturation that acquisition drags up margins. Are we there now or is it going to take two or three or is it going to be, you know, a tailwind for two or three years or any commentary around that would be helpful.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob, it is Matt. So to your point, you know, it takes time to get everything done. We always start with the people, first and foremost, make sure we secure everybody, get them comfortable with their jobs and we train them on the systems, make sure everybody's working off the same operating system. All that has been done. So that is the front end and always is in any deal we do. From there, we start working through the fleet and then any kind of branch changes, whether it is consolidations, whether we are repurposing any facilities. And we will continue to work through fleet and facilities through the balance of this year. So, you know, we have got the game plan, it is just a matter of execution and we are working through that. Then as far as margins in the maturation, I will let Ted talk to it, but I wouldn't expect us to be fully mature, certainly by year one. We have done some work in this in the past with other deals. But Ted you may want to add some color.
William Grace: Yes, Rob, it is a good question and it kind of gets to some of the margin dynamics in the quarter that this is a good chance to kind of get those out there. So if you were to look at the equipment rental gross margin, on an as reported basis, it would look like it was down 140 basis points year on year. That is a slight improvement from the down 170 in the first quarter. So you can see some of those benefits playing through there. But importantly on a pro forma basis, our gross margin actually expanded 20 basis points. So you can see that impact of Ahern and just putting the year ago period into the numbers. So we have got margin expansion there and if you adjust for the increase in depreciation related to the assets, the valuation of the acquired assets, gross margins were actually up 80 basis points in the equipment rental gross margin line that includes the drag that we are talking about from this ongoing investment in fleet, which we have talked about last quarter continuing this quarter. I think it is reasonable to assume it will continue in the second half as we get that fleet up to our standards and other investments we are making that do get expensed and things like facilities. So to us things are playing out very well, even in spite of these additional costs that are hitting us from P&L perspective. And you can see that in these numbers I just shared.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay, perfect. And if I can sneak in one more, I guess the normalization, excuse me, the normalization of supply chain means you and others are able to get fleet kind of more when you want it versus when you thought, and you know, maybe some of that plus some of the better margins you are getting on sale use equipment has led to the net rental CapEx coming in a little bit any relation of that to end market demand? I mean, are you still seeing strength in every vertical and everything? Is there any tie between those two, those two ideas? Thanks and I will stop there.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, sure. Thanks. So first off, let's get clear. Supply chain is not fully remedied, which is why we front load CapEx so much in the first half of this year, right. So at 60% of our full-year spend, we are at the top end of the range. We had talked about in that 55 to 60. And if we could have pulled in some more upfront in specific categories, we probably would have. We had said in the beginning of the year, we didn't really think there was an opportunity to pull CapEx forward, that this is a decision that probably we would make in Q4. If we were going to raise CapEx, that would really have to say more about what next year's slots look like, and if we can get back to more normalized cadence when the supply chain hopefully remedies in its entirety. So this change in net CapEx is just strictly about us having the opportunity to sell more fleet through the retail channel. And we are talking 90-month old fleet at $0.07 on the dollars, just smart business. It is time for that stuff to rotate out, and we wanted to normalize that. So if we could have pulled some more forward to maybe make that net CapEx number more whole, we may have done it in the right categories. We just didn't really have that option, because the supply chains getting better, but not a 100% there yet. Hopefully that answers your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. So I understand that some of the lower utilization you are seeing is by design, because you are running too hot, and your product availability wasn't where you wanted to be to serve some of those key customers you mentioned. But would you say guess to what extent are your service level now back to where you like them to be and so that sort of intentional lower utilization is now run its course or do you still think you need to have more slack in the system by design?
Matthew Flannery: No, I think we are at a comfortable level. Listen, we want to continue to improve utilization over the long-term trend. It was just - we haven't had a normal year in three years, right. So when you think about the COVID year, which was just goofy overall, and then the two years of just not being able to get fleet at the proper cadence, we will revert back to continuing to try to drive better metrics from 19 on as we had always done. So I'm not saying we are capped out, I'm just saying right now with, especially with continuing to work through the Ahern fleet, we are on a pretty healthy time utilization and we are being able to be responsive to these major opportunities we have with big customers on big projects. So that is how I categorize that, Steve.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That is helpful. And then in terms of the rental gross margin trajectory, so you had 170 basis point year-over-year decline in Q1 on the reported basis and 140 basis points in Q2, it is a little narrower decline. Should we extrapolate that pace, or should that drag get smaller at a faster pace and maybe even really kind of just ends this year? And so that by the start of next year you are growing your gross margins on a year-over-year basis. How should we think about that sort of trajectory?
William Grace: Yes. So we do our best not to guide to kind of gross margins, but certainly directionally we would expect it to continue heading in the right direction. There is going to be a gap there structurally, because that was a less profitable business then what we would have on a legacy basis, right. So - and we have talked about that. I think on an LTM basis there, EBITDA margins were 35%, whereas ours were 48%. And so that'll obviously be a dynamic in these as reported numbers, but certainly that cap should narrow. And then as we get to next year, I think it would definitely be reasonable to assume that we would be looking for margin expansion across the business.
Steven Fisher: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities.
Seth Weber: Hey guys good morning. Maybe Ted just, just following-up on your margin comment answer. SG&A was surprisingly good this quarter, it was down sequentially on a dollar basis. Great leverage as a percentage of revenue. Can you - is there still more operating leverage to come on the SG&A line for the company here going forward? Or is this as good as it gets?
William Grace: So here, again, this is an example of things we don't typically guide towards. So I want to be careful there. It is all embedded within the EBITDA and EBITDA margin and flow through guidance we have given. So certainly we would expect to continue driving. Very good efficiency there. But in terms of kind of trying to give people more precise handholding, it is just not something we have done. So, I dont know if that helps, Seth, but we feel really good about it and certainly we would expect to continue to be very efficient.
Seth Weber: Okay. Maybe Matt, just to appreciate all the color on time you and all that stuff. Maybe just a bigger picture question on the industry supply. We have heard from a few different some of your competitors have reported recently, some companies are raising CapEx, some are moderating CapEx can you just talk to what you think kind of industry supply looks like? Industry utilization looks like? Yes, just leave it there, I guess.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think so let's talk about the large companies, which we all get a little more information from. I think we are in a similar boat. I think you will hear from most of them that this is still a good demand environment, still a good solid rate environment. And I think that points to the industry discipline. And I think not everybody's reported yet, but I think everybody's had the same challenge of that time you was just running a little too hot. And I think you are seeing people remedy that. And I think a lot of us that had the ability to, so specifically the big guys that had some scale to leverage front load their capital to try to bring it in ahead of the demand curve. So you didn't get stuck in that same box we were in for the last year or two. So, I think the dynamics of the industry are really solid, and I think you are going to hear - we already have heard a couple report similar trends to what we are talking about. So we think the industry is in good shape, think supply demand is in good shape, historically, strong time utilizations and that it is a solid rate environment so good all the way around.
Seth Weber: Got it. I appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if we just expand on that comment you made a mo moment ago, so if we look back 2015, 2016 where there was a time utilization soft spot and rising used equipment inventories and new equipment inventories the industry gave back some price and what we are seeing from you folks and others is actually better price in 2Q than in 1Q? So can you just talk about the distinctions now versus then? How big of a factor is the availability of rouse market-by-market information? Any other significant distinctions that are driving the much better industry discipline today versus seven years ago?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Well, to be specific. If you remember that 2015 was that oil and gas dislocation, right. Which really drove kind of a double dip, we will, call of rate problem because it was the highest value of rate just about every company's portfolio that was serving it. Rates were really high there and it went away quickly across the board. But your point is still fair. That was what happened when there was too much fleet in the system. The time you then dropped to levels that made people have to make different decisions. The time now in the industry is very healthy. So even though it is dropped from inflated time utilization, the reason why you are seeing different behavior is part industry discipline, but also everybody is running at healthy time utilizations. People are able to make good returns, good margins at these utilization levels and price of goods is higher so people understand the necessity for rate. So I think it is a totally different dynamic, and that is important to note because some people may be reading through the drop in time utilizations that are reported is a demand problem. That is not the case whatsoever. So thanks for help to make that point.
Jerry Revich: And in terms of just the natural implication of that, right, if we are not going to be looking to gear up in the first quarter as hard as an industry in 2024. Obviously, you are not giving 2024 guidance yet, but just the implication of that is lower year-over-year CapEx for the industry in the first half of 2024 just mathematically to tie all that together given how we are running in first half of 2023 is that a reasonable way to pull these pieces together?
Matthew Flannery: Maybe normalized cadence. I wouldnt say lower, but we are not even sure of that yet, right. We have got to get these slots from the OEMs. They have to be able to make the commitments. I know they are working hard. I know you talk to these folks as well. They are hopeful. That slide channel remedy, but I wouldn't go all the way there yet. But, hopefully, hopefully, that is what happens, and we can get a little more of a normalized cadence and not have to hold stuff through the winter because we are afraid we can't get it in the spring. But either way, we are going to do what we need to do for our customers, right, not manage the metric more than the business and the output through the P&L.
Jerry Revich: I appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter. I mean, most of my questions have been asked. But first just on what your customers are saying about 2024 and the implications for how their - how it will work with you going forward. So if we have, above average visibility, do they want to lock in business with you earlier and have sort of longer-term contracts to make sure, they are able to capitalize on the multiyear spend that is out there or with supply chains getting better, do you feel like customers potentially could get less sticky because they know there is going to be more equipment out there in the market? And then my second question, specialty margins continue to improve year-over-year. I'm assuming that is the trajectory for the back half of the year. And is there any opportunity on the M&A front end specialty that would be more M&A? Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: I will take the first part of that, Jamie, and Ted could talk to the specialty side. So big customers are still concerned, especially major projects, still concerned about making sure they have surety of supply, right, even though it is a small amount spend, right, couple of percentage points of spend on the project, it has major applications, when they can't get the material and the labor activated. So we are having those conversations, and a lot of the projects we are talking about today kick-off this year and will carry in through next year and they all hit different phases. So we are in regular planning with our large customers on these mega projects, because it is really important to them. And they have felt the crunch over the last couple of years, and they want to make sure that, surety of supply is there. So it is definitely more that way than thinking they can wait. I think the last two-years some ways, it is better for us planning more with our big customers, because they realize it is an important, it is an important factor to making sure we both have a win-win situation. Ted, do you want to touch on the second part?
William Grace: Yes, quickly, Jamie, I just wanted to be - sure I understood the questions. It sounded like there were three, and Matt answered the first, I heard the second half margins. I didn't know if that was a general question or specific to specialty. And the third, it sounded like the outlet for specialty M&A.
Jamie Cook: Yes, it was specific. The question was specific to specialty, both in terms of margin and both in terms of M&A opportunity.
William Grace: So here again, you know, it is all kind of embedded in the guidance we have given, so we do our best not to get into kind of giving specific guidance by segment or unit. So certainly, you know, as we, you have heard us say, we feel very good about the way the business is performing and the outlook for margins in the second half, and that would be true on both sides of the business. I'm not sure I can be any more specific. In terms of the outlook for M&A, both broadly and within specialty it remains a very robust market. We have, you know, seen kind of what we have done year to date and we continue to be active shoppers. In terms of, you know, success, that is harder to say. Discipline is always job number one for us when we are allocating capital. So, you know, we are hopeful and optimistic that we will have some things to do in the back half, in M&A more generally, but certainly within specialty as well. Matt, anything you would add on that front?
Matthew Flannery: No, no, I think you covered it. I mean, you folks all know we are very inquisitive and opportunistic, but we are going to make sure it meets that high bar that we have.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
William Grace: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Thanks. Good morning. Just first Matt, I wanted to follow-up on the earlier discussion on fleet productivity. I realize you don't love dissecting all these pieces, but I just wanted to follow-up just from a mix perspective, you know, as you talk about, I realize there are multiple, you know, pieces and components that go into that. But as you, as you know, as you cycle more of that Ahern fleet out of the business, and you are refreshing the fleet as you talked about, does that continue to be presumably that is just given the inflation that we have seen recently in that product category that they were so big in areas, does that act as a headwind, you know, into 2024 or just, and again I know we are not, I'm not looking for, you know, super granularity on this, but I'm just thinking from a high level, but does that continue to drag on that fleet productivity or does that start to fade away?
Matthew Flannery: No, not more significant than what we deal with in our own fleet, right. So we are always going to manage inflation that is why we track fleet productivity. But I think you would have to imagine that our buying power was a little bit better. So some of those OECs and that is why you have part of the difference between as reported and pro forma. Some of those OECs are a little pumped up, a little higher than ours. They didn't buy as well as us. So there is a little bit of a trade off there as a replace. So it won't be incrementally - the replacement won't be incrementally as high as it would be maybe on one of our old assets, our own assets that was, you know, nine years old or eight years old. So nothing that we would call out, nothing that we can't manage through in the normal course of business.
Tim Thein: Okay. Alright. And then maybe just to get a bigger picture, you know, a fair amount of disruption, you know, that is occurred to the regional or the, you know, banking system over the last several months and, you know, there is more concerns around just lending availability and do some of these regional banks tighten up, again nothing that you haven't heard, but I'm just curious as your conversations with, you know, fellow, you know, C-Suite folks, is that, are you hearing or seeing much from the standpoint of, you know, projects that, maybe were on your drawing board that are pushing out or anything that you would flag along those lines. Obviously, it is been a concern for some recently. I'm just curious if that is if it is something that you are seeing or hearing much about. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: No, as a matter of fact our project pipeline remains robust. We are not seeing cancellations. We talked about delays on some solar projects that was more supply chain related, and we actually think those are coming back on quicker so than they were, which is good news. But when we look at mega projects overall, right, and you can decide how you define a mega project, it whether it is 400 million, 500 million, 600 million worth of value, these are all up significantly. And we are talking depending on which cut you use somewhere between 70% and over a 100%. So doubling the size of these amount of projects and that is what the pipeline looks like right now. So we actually feel really good about the pipeline. We haven't seen any deterioration because of any kind of financing or interest issues. Ted might want to add something.
William Grace: Yes, Tim. I guess things I add, you said regional banks, but I think it is more specific to the local smaller banks, but frankly we are not seeing it either level. I mean, as best we can tell, capital availability remains abundant for our customers. Cost of capital remains reasonable. And so if we look at our customer confidence, really going back to the middle March when all this started, it is really unaffected. And if we look at our performance by customer segment, right. So you look at national account, strategic assigned, local, et cetera, but you are not seeing any real difference in how those are performing. So certainly, on a - through the second quarter there is no discernible impact and in terms of what the potential may be going forward or customers aren't really talking about it and we are not sensing it is an issue, but it is something we are obviously watching closely as you would expect.
Tim Thein: Very good. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ken Newman with KeyBank Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: Matt, so obviously it sounds like you feel very confident in the demand environment here. I am curious if you just give a little bit of color on what you are seeing between your two customer sets, right? Because obviously your internal sentiment survey seems like it is still pretty strong or in line with last quarter, which is I think more tied to your national accounts. But any signs of material moves between your national accounts and your local accounts?
Matthew Flannery: Not anything that we are seeing now. We don't do a lot of Harry homeowner type weekend warrior type work. So I don't know what that segment is doing. And we definitely skew more towards the contractor, and large contractor, but we are not seeing any delineation in our local market business versus our big job business. We are actually in pretty good shape. We talked about that when we were talking about the non res numbers earlier. So we are - that is one of the areas where you would think it would show up, and it is not - we are actually not seeing any delineation and we are not seeing it in the customer confidence index results as well.
Ken Newman: Got it. And then just to follow-up on that non-res comment, obviously you talked about industrial manufacturing demand being strong here in the quarter, non-res, I think you said was up double digits. I'm curious if you could just dissect that a little bit. I mean, I didn't hear too much about civil infrastructure projects. My understanding is that starting to accelerate here in these last couple of months. Is that a category that you are expecting to accelerate here into the back half? And if so, how do we think about the margin impact on some of those projects, if any? Here for the back half of 2023.
William Grace: Ken, I will take that one. So it is not one of those things that is easy to track as you know. I would say intuitively, yes, we do expect a lot of the civil projects that are funded by the infrastructure bill and prospectively the Inflation Reduction Act to start gaining momentum in terms of exactly what that cadence looks like. It would be great if there were a schedule. We have not found one, but certainly that the outlook for infrastructure is positive, right. You have got north of $1.5 trillion of spend over the next 10 years, let's say, and spend that we are very well positioned for, given Matt had made this comment in his prepared remarks. But the strategy we have developed over the last 10-years is unique and puts us in a great position to be the most value added partner to the contractors that are executing those projects.
Ken Newman: Makes sense. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: I'm going to follow-up that last non-res question. A common question we feel is about weak spots within non-res and everything, we have heard on this call. Sounds very, very good across non-res. So one of the areas of concern is commercial real estate, non-manufacturing and office buildings, any insight you can share there or any other areas of weakness? Matt, it just sounds like it is very broad based and very good. I just want to hone in on any trouble points that you might be seeing.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, and I know Ted has done some work on this data. I mean, we all know what the vacancy rates are and we know those are issues, but I don't know that that was ever a real big part of our business. it is vertical versus horizontals usually a bigger rental need as opposed to vertical, but Ted may have some information to share.
William Grace: Yes, certainly if we look at what we call non-res, it continues to grow quite nicely. We don't get as granular as the questions you are asking. So if you were to look at the construction put in place data, Scott, certainly you would look - looking at office and commercial whether it is year to date or I think June, which is the most recent data, they both continued to, so show growth. Now I think you were asking more on a forward-looking basis. And when we think about that, and we have, in total, those two verticals are about 20% of total non-res construction put in place. And I would say the office part is one, people worry about given return to office and work from home and those things. Commercial is a huge segment, so it is not strip malls wherever people live. It is much broader. But I think those are the two areas that we have talked about being reasonably at risk. Now then you talk about the areas where we are optimistic, where we see strong pipelines and where you continue to see strong growth. And the ones you would highlight would be manufacturing as we have talked about public road and highway power communication, transportation and healthcare all of which are performing well in total, those are 55% of total non-res. And our contention would be the growth in those markets is really going to offset any headwinds we would reasonably anticipate in the office commercial combination. So that is logically what drives our optimism looking out across the back half of this year and going forward.
Scott Schneeberger: For just a quick follow-up specialty rental, could you speak a little bit to the asset categories? It sounds like things have been going very well and it sounds like that is broad based as well, but just curious if anyone is lagging behind or asset category or pulling ahead and also any commentary on GFN. The old goal was to double that within 5 years. Just to an update now that we are two years past that, the close of that acquisition, where that stands? Thanks so much.
William Grace: Yes. So for the first part of your question, nobody's fallen behind. As I said, prepared remarks, specialty had 17% organic growth and all the business segments were in double-digits, which is great. Now, certainly, the GFN, which you pointed to, growing a little bit faster than the rest, but we would expect that. And as far as that goal to double the size of the business in five years, I think we shared this earlier in the year that we are ahead of schedule. Whether we are a year ahead of schedule or two years ahead of schedule, the time will tell. But we are we are very pleased with where they are and we are continuing to open cold start to continuing to grow that sector as well. But we are growing all of our specialty segments. We are really pleased with the work the team is doing there.
Scott Schneeberger: Sounds good. Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Tyler with Redburn.
Neil Tyler: Hi, guys. Thank you. Two left, please. Firstly, on the topic of CapEx and fleet and availability, one of your competitors floated the notion that ticket prices. Obviously, ticket prices had been inflated recently by things like surcharges that should or may well fall away if availability improves. I don't that is a perspective. But I would love to hear your perspective on whether that is a likely or a certainty or not a notion that you are considering, first of all, please.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So we don't talk about our negotiations on open mic. Just we are one of the good partners with our vendors. But the comment of some of the surcharges and the costs associated with creating those surcharges is certainly a fair comment when we are discussing with our partners. So I don't think that characterization is wrong. We just don't really talk about our negotiations with our partners publicly. But the capitalization is fair enough.
Neil Tyler: Great. Thank you. That is still helpful. And then just, apologies, but I want to just quickly come back to time mute would comments you made earlier, just to so I understand this. The lower year-on-year time mute would splits between a timing of fleet arrivals and the deliberate move to normalize time viewed? And am I right of thinking that the first of those two categories is more or less behind us, and the second will persist for the rest of the year. Is that fair?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean, the first enabled us to do the second, right. If we can bring in the fleet, we wouldn't even be able camp it down. So they are very much going hand-in-hand. But just by definition of how much capital we have left for the year for growth, we are going to bring in a good amount of our CapEx in Q3 here as you would expect for the balance of the - what is left of the balance of the year. And I think, like I said earlier, when people trying to see if we could forecast the productivity number. We will sequentially grow, but we think they are going to see similar year over year dynamics to what saw in Q2. So we feel good about it, we feel good about demand, and we will continue to have CapEx rolling here in Q3.
Neil Tyler: Super. That is really helpful. Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mig Dobre: Thank you for fitting me in. Good morning. A lot has been covered here, but maybe on the topic of non-res, and Ted, appreciate all the context you provided. But I wanted to sort of ask a hypothetical question. If we are looking at private non-res this year, the put in place is growing north of 20%. If growth flows in 2024, right? Tougher comps or maybe some of the pockets that weakness that people are worried about. And, you know, we are talking about growth reverting back to low to mid-single digit. What does that mean in terms of how you are going to manage your business? How do you manage fleet in terms of CapEx, disposals? And again, I'm not asking for guidance, I'm just trying to understand hypothetically how you would react to something like that.
William Grace: Yes, it is a good question, Megan. It is something we go through every year, so of course we are talking in nominal dollar, so you have really got to convert this all to volume, but that is how we approach the forward year as it relates to CapEx. As we get into the fall and into the fourth quarter, we will start our bottoms up planning process. That process will help us get a much better sense for what our customers think their growth will look like at 2024. At that point, we can then think about what our replacement CapEx needs will be, based on the OEC we would plan to sell next year, and then the incremental fleet we would need to support growth in that environment. As Matt said, we think we have kind of reset the baseline back to where we want to be this year. So as we think about next year, you know, let's just say we are kind of at that steady state, then there is less of a time dynamic that comes into this. And then it is more a function of how do you manage the growth in your OEC. Matt, is that fair?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, no, I think you covered it well.
William Grace: Okay. And does that hypothetically answer your question?
Mig Dobre: Well, it helps. I'm still kind of scratching my head on the fact that you are going to be exiting the year with significant year over year growth in fleet. Right? So, you know, if growth slows, does that mean that you are sort of pivoting towards just pure replacement CapEx or you are still in, you know, fleet growth mode? That is what I was trying to tease out.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, and it is a fair question, but it will depend on what we see as a demand as we go through our planning process. But we are certainly not as negative on the growth as maybe your, the tone you are sharing, but you know what time will tell and, and we are going to adjust and manage the business appropriately for whatever environment we have. All that being said, we do expect, and I think you are seeing this with most of the big players for us to outpace overall industry growth, we think the big is getting bigger is a dynamic that'll continue to play. And I would say the type of work that we have talked a lot about to everyone lends itself to the larger players. So I wouldn't even - even if there is a slower growth in the overall industry, we think we will have the ability to outpace that. But I do get your point and we will manage through it.
William Grace: And that is the thing about doing it year end is we will know what that carryover growth and capacity is, which allows us then to factor that into whatever our CapEx spend will be. Alright, this gets back to continuing to be very good stewards of our shareholders' capital.
Mig Dobre: Understood. Thank you, gentlemen.
Matthew Flannery: You got it, Mig. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I will turn the call back over to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Matthew Flannery: Thanks operator. And no additional remarks that wraps it up for today. So I want to thank everyone for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you all again in late October and in the meantime, please feel free to reach out to Elizabeth at any time if you have any questions. Thanks again. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. 3 months ago, after our record full year financial performance in 2022, we told you that we'd continue raising the bar in 2023. And I'm pleased to say that the year is off to a strong start, which you can see in the results that we shared last night. The integration of Ahern is on track, and our team is doing a great job executing our plan and delivering for our customers. And as always, we're very pleased that we did this safely with another recordable rate below one. This execution and the continued strength of our end markets give us the confidence to reaffirm our full year 2023 guidance for substantial growth, solid margin expansion and significant free cash generation. Let's start by digging into our first quarter results. Total revenue grew by 30% to a first quarter record $3.3 billion. Within this, rental revenue increased by 26%. The EBITDA increased 32% to $1.5 billion, while margins expanded to 45.8%, both first quarter records. And finally, our return on invested capital set a new high watermark at 13.1%. During the first quarter, we invested $797 million in gross CapEx. And year-to-date, we've closed two local acquisitions that nicely complement our strategy. Combined with the actions that we took during the first quarter and fourth quarter of last year, we're well positioned to support the demand our customers see it. Looking more closely at the first quarter demand. Key verticals saw growth across the board, led by nonres construction, industrial manufacturing and power. Geographically, we saw much of the same, including double-digit growth in all of our regions. Our specialty business delivered another excellent quarter with rental revenue up 24% year-on-year and strong growth across all lines of business, led by our mobile storage team. Within specialty, we opened six new locations and are on track for around 40 cold starts this year. Used sales were another positive in the quarter, with revenue up 84% year-on-year, largely due to the normalized volumes after holding back on sales in 2022. And not only were we see recovery rates and margins strong, but the level of demand provides another positive indication of how our customers are feeling about their outlook and the need for equipped. Turning to capital allocation. Our focus remains on driving profitable growth and returning excess cash to our shareholders. We view this as a hallmark of a good company and a means of maximizing value. During the quarter, we returned over $350 million to our shareholders, supported by the strength of our balance sheet and free cash flow generation. Looking ahead, we see continued reasons for optimism regarding our business in the balance of '23 and beyond. Near term, we're encouraged by the momentum we're carrying into our busy season, combined with a variety of positive industry indicators. First off, both internal and external measurements of customer confidence continue to point towards growth in 2023. And this is underpinned by current activity as well as the strength of customer backlogs. Additionally, nonres construction starts increased over 30% in March and the Dodge Momentum Index was up 24% year-over-year. And the ABI points to growth as well, where the forward-looking inquiries component continues in the right direction. Together, these factors support our reaffirmed full year 2023 guidance. Longer term, we remain confident in our ability to capitalize on several significant multiyear tailwinds for our industry that we view as resilient in any economic environment. First is infrastructure. It remains early, but we continue to see a ramp in spending from the federal infrastructure bill across a variety of project types, including airports, bridges and road and highway. We're also well positioned to support our customers as they undertake projects across clean energy and advanced manufacturing funded by the Inflation Reduction Act. Within private construction, we continue to see strong investments across manufacturing, led by autos, semiconductors and energy and power. Combined reports indicate that these tailwinds hold the potential for over $2 trillion of project spend in the U.S. over the next decade. We're very well positioned to leverage our competitive advantages on these projects. Whether through the size of our network or the breadth and depth of our products and services, our team is prepared to serve our customers and drive value creation for our shareholders. Before I wrap up, I want to highlight some of the other significant achievements that Team United had in the first quarter. And you've long heard us talk about doing well by doing good. And our team continues to be recognized for their efforts in this area, including recent wins from the Wall Street Journal, where we made their Management Top 250 list, recognizing companies for doing the right things well and the just 100, which recognizes companies that are doing right by all their stakeholders while also generating strong performance for shareholders. So to sum it up, we continue to feel good about 2023 and beyond as our long-term strategy has us well positioned. Our team is executing and our customers know we're there to support them with unmatched capabilities. And as we've consistently demonstrated, we know how to manage the flexibility of our business model while leveraging the strength of our balance sheet and the durability of our cash flow. And this gives us multiple options for creating value. Lastly, before I hand it over to Ted, I want to quickly highlight that we'll be hosting an Investor Day on May 31, during which we'll provide an in-depth review of our strategy, key initiatives and financial performance with a Q&A session to follow. The event will be held both virtually and in person in New York City, and we hope that you can join us. With that, I'll hand the call over to Ted to review our financial results, and then we'll take your questions. Over to you, Ted.
Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our first quarter press release, our team again produced excellent results that were consistent with our expectations and importantly, position us well for the full year. And I think Matt framed things well in saying that we continue to feel good about both 2023 and beyond, given the market opportunity we see, our strategy, our team's consistently strong execution and our customers' knowledge that we are here to serve them with unmatched capabilities. One quick note before I jump into the numbers. The figures I'll be discussing are as reported, except in a few instances where I'll call them out as pro forma, which are adjusted to include Ahern's first quarter 2022 stand-alone results in the year ago period. So with that said, first quarter rental revenue was a record at $2.74 billion. That's an increase of $565 million or 26% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $469 million or 26.1%. Our average fleet size increased by 25.6%, providing a $460 million benefit and fleet productivity increased by 2% as reported, adding another $36 million. This was partially offset by our usual fleet inflation of 1.5% or $27 million. Also within rental, ancillary revenues were higher by $93 million or 28.3%, and re-rent provided an additional $3 million or 6.1%. I'll note that on a pro forma basis, rental revenue is up a robust 16.6%, and fleet productivity increased by a healthy 5.9%. First quarter used sales increased by 84% to $388 million as we return to a more normalized volume after holding on the fleet throughout much of 2022. Adjusted used margins increased by 170 basis points to 59.5%, supported by continued strong retail pricing. Moving to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter exceeded $1.5 billion, another first quarter record, reflecting an increase of $364 million or 32%. The dollar change includes a $313 million increase from rental, within which OER contributed $285 million. Ancillary added $29 million and re-rent was down $1 million. Outside of rental, used sales added about $109 million to adjusted EBITDA, while other non-rental lines of businesses contributed another $5 million. SG&A increased by $63 million due primarily to higher commissions and the continued normalization of certain discretionary costs. As a percentage of sales, however, SG&A declined by 120 basis points year-on-year to 11.6% of total revenue. Looking at first quarter profitability. Our adjusted EBITDA margin increased 70 basis points on an as-reported basis and 160 basis points on a pro forma basis to a first quarter record of 45.8%. This translates to 48% flow-through on an as-reported basis and better than 53% on a pro forma basis. And finally, adjusted EPS was 5, another first quarter record. That's a year-over-year increase of $2.22 per share or almost 39%. Turning to CapEx. Gross rental CapEx was $797 million, and net rental CapEx was $409 million. This represents an increase million in net CapEx year-over-year and positions us well for the growth we see in 2023. We -- looking at return on invested capital and free cash flow -- set a new record at 13.1% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's up 40 basis points sequentially and 220 basis points year-on-year. I'll add that was 310 basis points above our current weighted average cost of capital. Free cash flow was another good story with the quarter coming in at $478 million or an LTM free cash margin of 13.5%, all while continuing to fund significant growth. Turning to the balance sheet. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter improved to 1.9x, representing a 10 basis point reduction both sequentially and year-over-year. And our liquidity at the end of March exceeded $2.65 billion with no long-term note maturities until 2027. Notably, all of this was after returning $353 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $103 million via dividends and $250 million through share repurchases. Looking forward, you saw last night that we reaffirmed our guidance across all metrics. Based on the diverse momentum we see across our markets and what we hear from our customers, we remain confident that 2023 will be a record year for the company. Just to review, total revenue is expected in the range of $13.7 billion to $14.2 billion, implying full year growth of approximately 20% at midpoint and pro forma growth of 12%. Within total revenue, I'll remind you that our used guidance is implied at $1.3 billion. Our adjusted EBITDA range remains $6.6 billion to $6.85 billion. On an as-reported basis, at midpoint, this implies roughly flat full year adjusted EBITDA margins and flow-through of around 48%. The -- on a pro forma basis, however, which we think is the appropriate way to think about it, our guidance continues to imply about 80 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and flow through in the mid-50s. On the fleet side, our gross CapEx guidance remains $3.3 billion to $3.55 billion, with net CapEx of $2 billion to $2.25 billion. And finally, our free cash guidance is $2.1 billion to $2.35 billion, which is before dividends, repurchases and bolt-on M&A. So with that, let me turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. 
Rob Wertheimer: So my first question is basically on demand. And you gave a pretty good overview. But if we just leave aside the Dodge and all the surveys and everything and just think about what you're seeing on the ground and hearing from your customers. Are you seeing the mega project funding start to flow through? Are you seeing lots of activity in sort of quoting or proposals on loans? And does it give you any differential, I guess, versus other years look into supply/demand as we move through the year? Does it continue to look tight does pricing continue to look well supported by supply-demand dynamic as we go through the balance of the year?
Matt Flannery: So I'll start with the demand portion, whether it be through the broad-based demand that I discussed in the opening comments, where every one of our business units geographically and now all of our specialist businesses show double-digit growth in the quarter, and that's a continued momentum from what we've been seeing for quite a while now. And all the verticals that we cover remain positive in the quarter. There's actually one to be technically correct. Disaster and recovery was down a little bit, but that was coming off of 132% comp growth in the first quarter last year, and it's 1% of our business. So basically, all the verticals, all the geographies, all the product lines. remain strong -- very strong demand. So we feel good about that. And when I think about the supply-demand dynamics partly driven by the mega projects, partly driven by the broad-based demand I just talked about. We see it to be a very constructive market for continued strength for the industry overall, tack along with the discipline. I mean we're not going to get in the end of the components of it, but we feel good about rates. We feel good about the constructive environment, and we feel good about being able to reaffirm our guidance because of that demand.
Rob Wertheimer: So that's pretty responsive. And then just on gen rent gross margins, is that any indication of rate versus cost balance? Or is that largely explained by Ahern coming in or other factors? And I'll stop there.
Ted Grace: Yes, Rob, this is Ted. I'll take that one. That is the indication of the impact of Ahern. And just to be clear, that was in line with expectations. When you look at those margins, it reflects the fact that we bought a business that we knew have lower margins. As we integrate it, that's the effect you see.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I think for most people, the drag that Ahern brought to the reported numbers was a bit of a surprise, the magnitude of it. And I'm just trying to get a sense of productivity going forward, and I know the rate comp gets harder. But the improvement you would think you'd have around an Ahern and the smaller acquisition able, but particularly Ahern, can you tell us about why the drag is that much? And the implications for productivity the rest of the year, can you improve that mix or whatever they're dragging on the reported numbers? And then I know you have the offset, though, of course, the rate comp gets harder. I think we're all just trying to figure out in the reported numbers, the whole year, is it going to be sub 2? Because the base case had been productivity would slow through the year. But now that we have a reported number of 2, I think we're just trying to figure out, as productivity flat to down by the end of the year on report.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So let me help you with. So first off, I will start by urging everybody look at the pro forma, right? That puts the Ahern base in there. That's how we manage the business. It's how we're taking that asset base, putting the base of that into the base year that we're comparing to. So not having in that base year creates that disconnect of, let's call it, about 4 points. That point gap between pro forma and as reported, we believe will continue. And I'll just -- I'll try to explain it simply. If you think about the amount of capital that Ahern had that we're adding to the base year, and the amount of revenue -- rent revenue they generated on it, it was about 40%, about $0.40 on every dollar. When you roll that into our experience, which is more like 60% on the dollar, that's that dilutive effect. And we think it's going to be somewhere in that 4% gap between what we report as reported and what we report pro forma for the rest of the year. So that's just -- that baseline of what we add into the baseline is not the change because it already happened. It's baseline. Now any improvement that we can get on those assets, that will show up in our improvement in our fleet productivity. As you all know by this time, the egg scramble, that fleets in our overall business. We consolidate stores. We have one single go-to-market. So all that, we consolidate customer statements that were overlapping. So that's all going to be in the improvement that we'll continue to report on as reported and pro forma basis. Does that explain that gap for you well enough, David?
David Raso: It does maybe for one quarter, but the idea that the gap has to be that wide throughout the year. you would think you'd be able to position the fleet sell off some inefficient fleet, maybe the rates they were getting. Now under your umbrella, you'd get better rates?
Ted Grace: But that would be added back in [Indiscernible].
David Raso: About 10% of the fleet. About 10% of your fleet now, right? So it's not immaterial, but it's not a massive acquisition. I think the idea of the first quarter was the challenge of modeling a big acquisition coming in fine. But that the gap won't be able to close throughout the year is a bit interesting when you would think you'd be able to improve that drag, make it less?
Ted Grace: Over time, certainly, the idea is we will narrow the gap. I mean, that was part of the opportunity, right? We talked about being a better owner of assets, and it -- but it takes time, right? So certainly, when we look at that kind of crude calculation of dollar you we don't think they'll be at 40% forever. Our intent is to get them closer to something appropriate over time, but it will take time. And that's sort of every acquisition so.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So where we'll start to see improvements as we get time better as we get cross-selling better, that's not all going to show up in that debt, right? It will create will create a little bit better pro forma, but it's all going to be mixed in to your point, only 10% of our overall performance. The real needle mover will be the improvement that we get on our own asset base, right, in the other 90%. So we can walk through the math, but it's not going to be exactly for, but it's going to be in somewhere between 3.5% and 4% for the balance of the year is our expectation.
David Raso: [Indiscernible]
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure.
David Raso: I was going to ask just kind of what trying to think about 2024 a little bit. You hear some of your suppliers having -- taking orders for 24 people are curious about projects starting to hit the ground that have kind of a multiyear aspect to them. By no means am I asking for '24 guidance, but I'm just trying to get a sense of when you went through your CapEx thoughts for the year, what you're hearing from suppliers business beyond '23. Can you give us a little color on kind of what you're sitting on right now when you think about 24 projects, willingness to order earlier working with kind of 3-year kind of conversations, which we haven't historically heard in the industry. I think they were just trying to figure out how to think about beyond '23 .
Matt Flannery: Yes. We think that the supply chain will get better next year. So we don't think we'll need to pull forward as much as we did. You remember, we brought in probably 700 extra in Q4. And another 400, let's say, extra in Q1. So we still feel that we needed to do that for this year.  We're not expecting that for next year. What would change that if we started to see a lot of slippage throughout the peak season this year than maybe we'd have to revisit with the vendors. But we think we'll get back to more normalized talk about this in the end of the third quarter, fourth quarter type conversations and making sure we're securing slots. Now we're talking to them all along. But as far as trying to put hard numbers down, we don't feel the supply chain will be in a position for us to have to do that today.
David Raso: On the demand side as well, though too. Anything you can tell us about multiyear projects, how are we thinking about it? Or please go ahead.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I mean there's projects -- I was at a couple of -- I was at a couple of electric car plants just last month myself, where these are going to be multiyear projects going to require a lot of equipment. So not only do we see it in the reporting and in the starts, but we expect, as I said in the opening remarks, a lot of these mega projects are going to be multiyear projects. We think infrastructure is going to be a multiyear spend and we don't really think the IRA has even started to manifest. So that's all future tailwinds. Ted, I don't know if you have anything to add?
Ted Grace: Yes, David, I think we talked about this at your conference to some degree. But certainly, when we think about infrastructure, as an example, right, at run rate, that legislation is intended to produce about $100 billion a year of infrastructure spend. We're still in that ramp phase. So obviously, we're not going to get anything close to that in 2023. But that provides a tailwind in 2024, right, so just to dimensionalize numbers. If you thought that you got half of that spend in 2023, that's an incremental $50 billion of infrastructure in the context of a $900 billion total nonres construction market in the U.S. When you get to 2024, you get the second half of that as you get to an annualized run rate, right? And we thought about this logic across IRA, auto, semis and LNG is just kind of 5 key tailwinds. So certainly, those are, at a high level, the tailwinds we think about Coming back to the CapEx question, the visibility and the trajectory those will imply to '24 will be critical to dictating, how we think about CapEx in the back half of this year because that will determine obviously how we want to have the fleet positioned. Is there anything you'd add? Does that help, David?
David Raso: Yes. I appreciate that. I'll circle back if any further questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: I wanted to just come back to the margins for a minute. So the rental gross margin drags from Ahern that we had in the quarter, how onetime-ish would you say are those drags? In other words, as we model those gross margins year-over-year for the rest of the year, is that still a reported year-over-year drag?
Ted Grace: Yes, it will be. And just as a reminder, if you look at their business, on an LTM basis, when we bought them, they had a reported EBITDA margin in the mid-30s. So obviously, that's considerably below where we were even synergized, they would be below that. So that will be an effect that lasts until we lap them. To put it in perspective, if you look at the gross margin reported down 170 year-on-year, Steve. On a pro forma basis, it was up 10 basis points. And that really dimensionalizes what that impact of Ahern was in the quarter. That will be a lasting effect as we kind of progress through 2023. And where you see that really specifically is in the rental -- the gen rent segment gross margin. So does that help kind of answer the question?
Steven Fisher: Yes, it does. But does that 170 kind of get smaller over the course of the year? Or that's kind of a steady 170?
Ted Grace: So certainly -- I mean the big delta aside from the fact that it's lower margin as you get the synergies coming in, that's one thing to consider. But we're talking about this in isolation.
Steven Fisher: So I guess then, were there -- and you may have answered this before, but were there any other drags on gross margins outside of Ahern like lower utilization or anything else?
Ted Grace: No. I mean, if you isolate it, it's -- I mean there's always ebbs and flows to the cost. So -- but it's really a herd, where you can see that is if you look at the gen rent gross margin, right? That would go from, let's say, down 320 year-on-year to down 100 pro forma. The pro forma only includes Ahern in the year ago period but there are other accounting adjustments, fair market value on the fleet, as an example, that explained the majority of that 100 basis point pro forma number. Another, call it, shorter-term onetime expenses as we get the fleet and shape as we get their facilities integrated, that really explains the difference.
Steven Fisher: And then just one quick follow-up. How should we think about the cadence of used sales? Would you say it's more front-end loaded because the prices are still good right now, but typical seasonality would suggest you would more be likely to sell used equipment at the back end of the year. So how do we think about that cadence for the rest of the year?
Matt Flannery: Yes, your observation is right. When you think about the cadence, normally, the first quarter and fourth quarter are larger, right, with fourth usually being the largest historically, We think we'll return to a more normalized cadence as we open up other channels as opposed to the last couple of years where we've been primarily retail. So think about a little bit less in two and three and then ramping it back up again in four, as the fleet comes off rent, right? It makes sense. Q1 and 4, your lower utilization period. So it's when you have the opportunity to sell the fleet a little easier.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: I guess just two follow-up questions. Just back on the margin again, Ted, when do you expect to get back to more normalized incremental margin in the mid-50s? Can we expect that sort of by 2024 as we integrate Ahern? And then just my follow-up question. I know you're seeing broad-based strength sort of everywhere. Is there any difference in the type of customer or the size of customer? Maybe the larger customers are stronger just because they might have more visibility into some of these larger infrastructure projects you're talking about? So anything on the customer side as well?
Ted Grace: Sure. Matt, I'll take the first 1 and you take the second.
Ted Grace: Sure. So Jamie, on flow-through, we look at things pro forma, as Matt mentioned, in the first quarter, pro forma flow through 53%. We would view that as right in line with the full year guidance in the mid-50s. And so we don't give kind of sequential guidance or quarterly guidance, but certainly, we remain very confident that the flow-through is intact and as expected at the beginning of the year. So we don't view the first quarter as any deviation from that. And as we talk about flow through, and like many things, there's an ebb and flow. But we talk about targeting 50% to 60% flow through across the course of the cycle. And at some point, they're going to be at the upper end of that band and some in the lower -- but we think this is right in the middle of the fairway of where you want to be in the growth phase of the cycle. So yes, and it's consistent with the guidance
Matt Flannery: Our guidance that we just reaffirmed so.
Ted Grace: Yes.
Matt Flannery: But we view this as very healthy kind of pull-through, if you will. And then as far as on the customer side, a little bit more skewed towards larger customers, which is in our wheelhouse, but overall, the demand is coming, probably the preplanning because of the size of some of these projects. We're probably -- we're having more conversations throughout the first quarter and continue today and even the fourth quarter last year about making sure we're ramped up for their needs because it's one of the reasons why we feel that the larger companies are going to fare well from this mega project trend because you really have to have the resources and fleet, people and capabilities to be ready for these big jobs. And those are more of the conversations that we're having. So a little bit more skewed towards our larger accounts, which as you all know, is a big part of our business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Slide 34 in your slide deck is pretty interesting. So your margins have been above 45% from the past decade through a range of economic environments. And I'm wondering if you could just talk about what's your level of confidence that you can maintain above 45% margins in the next downturn, obviously, different views on the macro out there, whether it's two quarters from now, a year from now, two years from now. Can you maintain that level of performance that you've had over the past decade in the downturn?
Ted Grace: So I guess what I'd say is we feel very confident about the ability of the business and that this is a structural gain. In terms of what the business would do in a downturn, it's critical to dimensionalize what kind of downturn you're talking about for multiple reasons, including that will dictate the actions you take. I think if you look at the performance we had during COVID in the face of a 9% decline in rental revenue, we had 50 basis points of margin compression, EBITDA margin. So in that kind of scenario, you've seen what we can do, we will lean hard on costs. So I guess what I'd say is we feel very confident that the structural improvement, call it, 1,500 to 2,000 basis points is absolutely sustainable. In terms of giving kind of a threshold of where you would get, that's harder to say simply because it is assumptive. I would also just remind people, when you look at the margins, what we've done actually understates what the core business has done. Matt and I talked about this a lot. But if you were to back out the acquisitions we've done since 2014, our EBITDA margin would be in the 51% to 52% range. So we've integrated those businesses. They've benefited us strategically. Financially, they've been home runs from a returns perspective and the benefits they've delivered to the shareholders, frankly. But they have been dilutive to margins as we've always talked about when we've done them. So I bring that up only because I think when you look at that chart, Jerry, and it's a great chart, it does even understate how strong the profitability improvement has been in the core business. Matt, anything you'd add there?
Matt Flannery: No, you said it well. That's the only thing I would add. .
Jerry Revich: And Ted, can I just pull on that M&A part of the conversation? Can you talk about what the specialty pipeline looks like for you folks? Any interesting meaningful opportunities to structurally increase specialty as a percent of total from here based on the types of businesses you're looking at?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I mean after 24% organic growth, they might not need it, but we are still looking, and we'll lean towards anything that is a new product offering as our first filter but even creating some scale and filling out the coverage model for some of the businesses is an opportunity. We continue to look at a pretty robust pipeline. But as you can see, it takes a lot to get to get one over the trends to make financial sense. And that doesn't mean we're not working the pipeline. So we don't really have anything imminent, and there's certainly nothing that we would discuss on open mic, but we do continue to look. We believe it's a strength of ours. We believe M&A and integrating the M&A more importantly and cross-selling products is a real opportunity for us. So we'll continue to work that pipeline, Jerry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: I was hoping maybe just to talk a little bit about how you think about the interplay between your model shifting more towards these bigger customers and longer-term contracts. How do you think about the impact? How we should be thinking about the impact on I guess, both gross margin and EBITDA margin. I assume rate is a little bit more competitive, but maybe there's -- maybe you pick up some of the margin on the back end with less dropping off equipment, picking up, what have you, less maintenance or whatever. Just how are you guys thinking about longer-term margins with this interplay towards more -- bigger customers, longer-term projects?
Matt Flannery: Sure. As you can see in our guidance, we're not planning on a lot of variability in there at all. And part of it is because the point you just made, yes, your largest customers are going to get a little bit better pricing relative to your spot pricing. But if we can put $100 million on a project and service it with a couple of -- and its long-term rentals, so high utilization rates, and that's going to come in at a lower cost to serve, whether I have to split $1 million per smaller job over across 100 different jobs, right? So just the logistics, everything a little bit lower cost to serve. And that balances out to we're not expecting any meaningful change in the margin profile, whether it be gross margin or EBITDA margin.
Seth Weber: And then maybe, Ted or Matt, your leverage is below the low end of your range, the stock is obviously under pressure here. Is there any updated thoughts as to share buyback? I know you addressed it in the press release that you're going to complete the $1 billion this year, but is there any incremental message that you would add on capital allocation towards that?
Ted Grace: I guess the thing I'd say is we have consistently been a very comfortable and consistent buyer of our stock. So we feel very good about that philosophically. From the standpoint of changing our strategy, it's certainly not something that we're contemplating at this point. . We've consistently been kind of a believer in dollar cost averaging systematic execution. So you saw us buy back $250 million in the quarter, which is obviously exactly one quarter of the full year in 10. So we have not historically kind of leaned in or been tactical. Some people call it opportunistic. We think that it served us well. And we think, frankly, when you look at most of these studies on the most effective way to execute buybacks, this is the right strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: Most of my questions have been asked, but maybe just a couple of quick ones here. Sorry if I missed this, Ted, but could you talk about where the internal customer survey ended up moving this order versus last?
Ted Grace: So we don't get too specific on it, but I will say that it remains very encouraging in customer confidence, not showing any deviation in the last number of weeks or months. So yes, we've gotten this question. And certainly, people have obviously wondered about what's happened since some of the issues with small banks, et cetera. I can tell you that we have not seen that manifest itself in any indicator but including our customer confidence in mix.
Ken Newman: And then I know you've talked a little bit about return on invested capital and that continuing to improve. Maybe this is more of a conversation for when you do your Investor Day, but any kind of broad thoughts on how you think about driving that number up over the longer term? And what are the levers you can pull, especially as you kind of work through some of these margin impacts on Ahern?
Ted Grace: Yes. No, that's something we talk about as a leadership team often. So really, when we think about it, and there are a lot of different ways to decompose returns, but you've got margins times capital velocity. We think we can continue to drive improving margins for the business. We talk about targeting 50% to 60% flow-through. If and as you do that, that is naturally accretive to your margins. On the capital velocity side, there are a lot of different ways we try to improve this, but obviously, we task ourselves as driving higher fleet productivity, Matt talked about it improving dollars. That is another way to think about capital turnover. And so yes, it is fully our expectation that we should continue to drive higher margins and higher returns over time. Matt, anything to add?
Matt Flannery: No, no. Just once again -- you look at our guidance, we're not expecting to not be able to overcome that.
Ted Grace: Yes. I think that answers the question.
Ken Newman: Maybe one last one if I could just squeeze it in. Relative to the proceeds on OEC for fleet sales that's implied for the full year, can you just remind us where did proceeds this quarter end up? And what's kind of embedding that point of the guide for the full year?
Ted Grace: So for the quarter, 71.5%. I think we sold $543 million of OEC proceeds were 388. In terms of the full year guide, we continue to expect to sell about $2 billion of OEC. We continue to expect to generate about $1.3 billion proceeds -- so that would translate to about $0.65 on the dollar. As we talked about in January, and those are unchanged since January. As we get into the year, and you talk about increasing the volume of use, we will lean on other channels that we didn't lead on in 2022, wholesale, most specifically. Those are not as efficient means of recycling capital, but we'll lean on them. And as we introduce more Ahern sales, that will also have an effect. So that's what's kind of contemplated in that 55% versus the 71%. I guess what I'd say in the first quarter, I think very indicative of strength, right? We got $0.715 on the dollar, selling 92 month-old equipment which -- and frankly, a lot more of it, which speaks, as Matt said, the demand for this equipment, which we think speaks to the end market. So I don't know if that helps, but those are some of the perspectives we'd share.
Operator: Yes. Helpful. Our next question comes from Neil Tyler with Redburn.
Neil Tyler: A couple from me, please. Firstly, back to the end market and customer mix, and understandably, the component of the nonresidential market, that tends to be at the eye of the storm. Mix thing slowdown is sort of housed in commercial real estate. Are you able to frame just even in very broad terms, how much of your current base business, those sorts of projects in lodging offices, physical retail, those might comprise. That's the first question. And then I wondered if you could talk a little bit in some more detail or give some examples around Ahern and the integration. I know it's early days, but some insight into how your -- how if at all you're altering sort of commercial practices at that company. You talked about sort of branch consolidation and the like. But if you could fill in some of the gaps there, that would be very much appreciated.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll take the Ahern part of that, and then Ted can backfill in with some of the exposure to commercial and specifically office. I think, it's probably one of the areas people are most thinking about, which I'll foreshadow isn't much. But when we think about the Ahern integration, as I said in the prepared remarks, on track. And I'll remind everybody, this deal was all about capacity and capacity in fleet, real estate and people. We're right on track with the fleet and real estate, working through that. We've got the plans on how we're going to consolidate the go-to-market into one go-to-market. And in a few instances, that means repurposing some of the real estate to support some of the 40 cold starts that we're talking about. So we still have capacity even where we're consolidating in a market because one of our stores had plenty of capacity to consolidate into. We're utilizing that other real estate to help grow some of the specialty business. So that's from the real estate perspective. The fleet we've talked about already, we'll continue to work towards making that fleet look more like ours, work towards that and probably move some of the older stuff out as we go through the year, and that was Ted's point about opening other channels. The people side has been the real positive surprise. We always had the hope that we'd be able to do well with people, that they'd integrate into our organization well, and that's exceeded our expectation. And they have quite a bit higher turnover in that business stand-alone, and we're glad to see that we remedied that, made that turnover level look like ours -- more like ours, which is really the important part of that. And once again, that final piece of capacity, that's we're very, very pleased with.
Ted Grace: Yes, and Neil, and I'll take the other piece. So just to try to dimensionalize it. I'm going to use the Census Bureau's construction put in place data. We don't track verticals as granularly as you're asking. So it's a little easier to talk about it in the context of government data. But on that basis, if you look at what is defined as total commercial, which is a very broad segment, it would be about 12% of total nonres, about $110 billion out of the $900 billion market. And office would be a separate vertical, which is about $75 billion or about 8%. So that would dimensionalize it. It's about 20%. Now that runs the entire gamut from office buildings, as I mentioned, the grocery stores, gas stations, et cetera, et cetera. I do think it's important to add other context to that. If you look at manufacturing, manufacturing is also a $110 billion market, about 12% of the total. Power is $100 billion itself. That's 11%. And public is a $355 billion market, which is 40%. So when you think about these areas that I think people have some concerns, compared to the areas where we've talked about seeing a lot of multiyear economically insulated -- relatively insulated opportunity, that's where -- that's what drives a lot of our optimism is when we look at kind of, as I said, manufacturing, power, public, that is over 60% of total construction, and areas that you're asking about are, call it 20%.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the floor back over to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And that wraps it up for today. I want to thank everyone for joining us. And we look forward to our Investor Day in about 6 weeks and speaking with you all again in late July. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted at any time. Operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys press release. For a complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release and todays call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the companys recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining our call. Yesterday we reported record fourth quarter results to cap the best full-year financial performance in our history. And we definitely raised the bar in 2022 and we intend to raise it again in 2023. Were moving forward with a larger sales and service team, a more expansive footprint and a fleet thats significantly larger than a year ago, and thats a lot of tailwind at our back in another year of high demand. And Ill start with a recap of fourth quarter results, which kept us on a strong trajectory. We grew both rental revenue and total revenue by a solid 19% compared with fourth quarter last year. And we grew adjusted EBITDA by 26% with a 280 basis point improvement in margin, and that brought our margin to 50% in the quarter, and that came in at a very strong flow through of 65%. We also continued to generate significant cash. For the full year, we delivered $1.76 billion of free cash flow, and thats after investing over $3.4 billion in fleet. And none of this would have been possible without our people. First off, as you know, our top priority is always safety. And our team delivered another first-class recordable rate in 2022 in a year when we onboarded over 6,000 new employees. On the financial side, you can look at every metric I just mentioned and see the quality of Team United behind the result. For example, our revenue growth comes from keeping our customers front and center in the field. Our people are laser-focused on helping our customers succeed. And our flow-through comes from the teams ability to leverage our growth and maintain good cost discipline. Inflation was a factor, but that didnt stop us from delivering very good margins. We also reported a record return on invested capital of 12.7% at year-end. And on the ESG front, we made good progress with sustainability, including new investments in zero-emission vehicles and fleet. And the customer adoption of our new emissions tracking tool has been excellent. This is the technology we launched on our total control platform, and its an industry first. Another highlight of the quarter was the Ahern acquisition, and Im pleased to say the integration is going very well. We closed the deal on December 7. And then by the 16th, our new team members were already operating with the rest of the company on the same technology system. And this means our branches are sharing fleet and customer information seamlessly. One of the main reasons we like M&A is the capacity we gain. And that comes in three forms: people, fleet and facilities. And we always focus on the people first, because its critical to get that right. And were really bullish about the talent we onboarded in this acquisition. We had over 100 of the Ahern managers at our Annual Meeting earlier this month, and they fit like a hand in glove. And theyre excited to be part of United and theyre raring to go. Now were focused on optimizing the fleet and facilities. Were running on schedule, and its boosting our resources at an ideal time to capture share. The diversity of demand that we pointed to a year ago turned out to be a major tailwind in our operating environment, and that continues to be true. And Ill share some fourth quarter data to underscore how we translated this opportunity into top-line growth. Demand in our key verticals was broad-based, with total construction up 19% year-over-year and non-res up 22%; and industrial, up 11%. We leaned into that opportunity across the board and grew rental revenue by solid double digits in all of our gen rent regions as well as all of our specialty businesses. Our specialty segment delivered another strong performance with an 18% increase in rental revenue year-over-year. And its notable that every line of business in that segment reported solid gain led by our mobile storage business. Our greenfield investments in specialty are highly strategic and theyre targeted by geography and line of business to generate attractive returns. And we opened 35 of these locations in the past 12 months, and our plan calls for at least another 40 cold starts in 2023. So that brings us to 2023. So there are plenty of reasons to feel confident about our operating environment. We have terrific internal and external momentum with good visibility into revenue. And the teams done a great job of driving strong fleet productivity to help offset the cost inflation weve experienced. Contractor backlogs are growing, and not surprisingly, the employment reports indicate that U.S. contractors continue to be in expansion mode. Industry indicators like Dodge Momentum Index show healthy growth trends in commercial construction, and this includes the planning trends for future projects. Theres also a strong institutional component to the trends which we see in our business. And a number of our multi-year projects are in sectors like healthcare and education. And the industrial indicators like the PMI still have room for improvement. But the construction activity and manufacturings going strong. Were winning business on a wide range of new plant construction including automotive and batteries, semiconductors and petrochem. And importantly, our own survey shows that customer sentiment remains strong with the majority of our customers point to growth over the next 12 months. One final indicator of market strength and an important one was at our annual management meeting. We had over 2,000 field leaders with us in Houston two weeks ago, and their take was extremely positive. And Im throwing that into the mix because this is coming directly from people on the front lines. We took all this into consideration when we developed our 2023 guidance. And as you saw yesterday, we expect our revenue and adjusted EBITDA to hit new high water marks, including free cash flow of more than $2.1 billion, while our return on invested capital should be another milestone for us. In addition to the capacity we carried into January, we plan to invest more than $3.4 billion in gross CapEx this year. And at the same time, well continue to take advantage of a strong used equipment market to optimize our fleet. Longer-term outlook for our industry continues to be very favorable driven by several tailwinds that we believe are largely independent of macro conditions. And weve talked about these before, things like infrastructure spending, the Inflation Reduction Act and the return of manufacturing to North America as well as investments in both energy and power. Now, before I wrap up, I want to mention two important announcements we made yesterday regarding capital allocation. First off, were reactivating the $1.25 billion share repurchase program that we pause when we announce the Ahern deal. We plan to buy back $1 billion of stock this year. And well also be instituting quarterly dividends for our shareholders, totaling $5.92 per share this year. These two decisions underscore our confidence in the durability of our cash generation and the strength of our balance sheet. And together, theyll return $1.4 billion of capital to our shareholders in 2023. So to come full circle, 2022 was a demand environment that through the door wide open for a record year and we ran with it. But to quote Babe Ruth, we also know that yesterdays home runs dont win tomorrows games. So now its onwards and upwards. 2023 is officially the start of the next quarter century in business for United Rentals, and by all accounts, this will be another memorable year. So with that, Ill ask Ted to cover the results and then well go to Q&A. Ted, over to you.
Ted Grace: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in the results we reported last night, the team did a great job delivering across the board, both in the quarter and for the full year. And importantly, as you can see in our guidance, we expect these trends to continue in 2023. Combined with the enhancements to our capital allocation strategy that weve announced this quarter, we are confident that we will continue to drive meaningful long-term value creation for our shareholders. Ill dig into this more in a bit, but first, lets dive into the quarter. Fourth quarter rental revenue was a record $2.74 billion. Thats an increase of $435 million or nearly 19% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $354 million or 18.6%. Our fleet average  our average fleet size increased by 14.2%, which provided a $270 million benefit to revenue and fleet productivity increased by healthy 5.9%, which added another $113 million. This was partially offset by our usual fleet inflation of 1.5% or roughly $29 million. Also within rental, ancillary revenues were higher by $81 million or 23.1% year-over-year. While re-rent was essentially flat. Outside of rental, fourth quarter used sales increased by roughly 26% to $409 million as we sold some fleet weve held back on selling earlier in the year. To help accomplish this, we brought in our channel mix for used sales in Q4 to something closer to normalized levels. The net of this was our adjusted use margins increased by 940 basis points year-over-year to 61.6% supported by strong pricing. Lets move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.65 billion, another record and an increase of $338 million or 25.8% year-on-year. The dollar change included a $291 million increase from rental within, which OER contributed $256 million. Ancillary added $34 million and re-rent was up $1 million. Outside of rental, used sales added about $83 million to adjusted EBITDA, while other non-rental lines of businesses contributed another $18 million. SG&A was a $54 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA due primarily to higher commissions and the continued normalization of certain discretionary costs. As a percentage of sales, however, SG&A was down slightly year-over-year.  Looking at fourth quarter profitability, our adjusted EBITDA margin increased 280 basis points to 50.0%. Excluding the benefit of used sales, flow-through was in line with recent quarters at a healthy 59%. Ill add that within the fourth quarter results, in the roughly three weeks we owned Ahern, the business contributed about $54 million of total revenue, the vast majority of which was rental and roughly $20 million of EBITDA. And finally, fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $9.74 per share. Thats an increase of $2.35 per share or almost 32% year-on-year.  Turning to CapEx. Fourth quarter gross rental CapEx was $980 million, and net rental CapEx was $571 million. This represents an increase of $205 million in net CapEx year-over-year, which positions us well for the growth we see in 2023. Now, lets look at return on invested capital and free cash flow. ROIC was another highlight at a record 12.7% on a trailing 12-month basis. Thats up 50 basis points sequentially and an increase of 240 basis points year-on-year. Free cash flow also continues to be very strong, with the year coming in at $1.76 billion or a free cash margin of better than 15%, all while continuing to fund growth.  Turning to the balance sheet. Our leverage ratio at the end of the quarter was 2.0 times on an as-reported basis, including the impact of the Ahern acquisition. More importantly, on a pro forma basis, our year-end leverage ratio was flat sequentially at 1.9 times. And finally, our liquidity at the end of the quarter was a very robust $2.9 billion with no long-term note maturities until 2027.  Now, lets look forward and talk about our 2023 guidance. Total revenue is expected in the range of $13.7 billion to $14.2 billion, implying full year growth of about 20% at midpoint and pro forma growth of roughly 12%. This increase is supported by the momentum weve carried into the New Year, particularly within rental revenue and the contribution from Ahern.  Within total revenue, Ill note that our used sales guidance is implied at $1.3 billion, with the expectation that well sell roughly $2 billion of OEC. This 35% increase in used sales year-over-year primarily reflects two things. First, is the normalization of our used sales as the supply chain continues to improve. And second, a substantially larger fleet, including the addition of Ahern to our business. We remain focused on efficiently converting this growth to our bottom line. Our adjusted EBITDA range is $6.6 billion to $6.85 billion. On an as-reported basis, including the impact of Ahern, at midpoint, this implies roughly flat full year adjusted EBITDA margins and flow-through of about 48%. On a pro forma basis, however, which we think is the more appropriate way to think about it, our guidance would imply at roughly 80 basis points of margin expansion and flow through in the mid-50s. On the fleet side, our initial gross CapEx guidance is $3.3 billion to $3.55 billion, with net CapEx of $2 billion to $2.25 billion. And finally, our free cash guidance is $2.1 billion to $2.35 billion. To be clear, this is before dividends and repurchases. Assuming these two factors are a use of cash of roughly $1.4 billion that leaves $825 million of remaining free cash flow to fund additional growth or reduce net debt. Now before we go to Q&A, I want to make some additional comments on our updated capital allocation strategy. Specifically around our plans to return excess cash to our investors. As you heard Matt say, we are very pleased to be adding a dividend program to our mix. Based on an initial yield of 1.5%, we expect to pay $5.92 in dividends per share in 2023. This will translate to approximately $400 million this year or roughly 18% of free cash flow. We expect that our first quarterly dividend payment of $1.48 will be made on February 22, with all four payments expected within the calendar year. Following the transformation of the company over the last decade or so, we feel that its the appropriate time to add this last element to our capital return strategy to help drive greater shareholder value. Not only will this help expand the universe of potential investors, we expect that it will also provide another means of enhancing total returns for our investors over time. It also reflects the confidence we have in our operating model to consistently generate considerable excess free cash flow after investing in growth. Were also very pleased to announce the restart of our share repurchase program, which we paused in November with the announcement of Ahern. The restart is probably a bit ahead of schedule, but the integration is off to a great start and the decision is well supported by the financial performance we expect this year. Its our intention to repurchase $1 billion of the $1.25 billion authorization in calendar 2023. As Matt said, these two programs combined, should return approximately $1.4 billion to our shareholders this year or about $20 per share at the same time that we continue to see substantial growth in our earnings.  Finally, I want to be clear that these announcements are being made in the context of our continued commitment to a disciplined balance sheet strategy. Our financial strength has served the company and its shareholders very well, and were not planning any changes there.  So with that, well turn to Q&A. Operator, could you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from David Raso with Evercore ISI. 
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the time. Two questions. One, where theres some worry by investors and another where theres a clear cementing of a structural improvement on peoples minds about the business model. First, in the area of [indiscernible], equipment availability, I think, Matt, you had mentioned earlier about maybe taking some market share this year. Can you let us know what youre seeing and hearing regarding competitors and even include OEM dealers, rental fleets in this comment? What are you hearing about their incremental ability to get equipment? What are you hearing about their adding fleet for the year? Just the overall availability from that side? And what are your equipment suppliers suggesting about increased availability versus last year? And Ill follow up the other question. 
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure. So we  its still a tight market. Im hoping it will be a little better as far as delivery slots than we got last year. But we dont expect the supply chain to be fully back to normal this year, maybe to the back half, but to be fair, I thought maybe the back half of last year would have and we still saw slippage. There are some niche products that are being quoted out to 2024. Now thats the exception, not the rule. But I think that that kind of underlies another year of some supply chain challenges. And were mitigating that by, as you saw, we brought in some fleet in Q4, and youll probably see us do a little bit more in Q1 than usual to make sure were ready for the build season. And then from there, well adjust according to demand appropriately. So, I think there will still be a little bit of a challenge. I think our vendors work hard, David, to get us a fleet they did in 2022, and we think theyll work hard to get this number. Im not seeing a remedy to the supply chain challenges. 
David Raso: Yes. Can I asked one question related to what you just said the first quarter, a little larger than normal. Im just curious, just the cadence for the CapEx for the year, Im talking gross, the 3.425 [ph] midpoint. Can you give us some sense of cadence is  I know you pulled forward, but on the idea of roughly flat gross for the year. Is the down quarter more the fourth quarter because of the pull forward in the fourth quarter?
Matt Flannery: Thats our expectation as we sit here today, David. What I really wanted to refer to is youll prop because its the one that we feel pretty sure of is that youll probably see us do more about 20% of our capital spend here in Q1 as opposed to maybe in a standard year, it would be 12% to 15%. And that pull forward is really just to get ready for the spring season, and making sure specifically in these high time categories that have been the most challenged in the supply chain that were ready to respond to the customers. Is that really what I was referring to as far as the cadence for the rest of the year, Q2 and Q3 really will depend on how fast were absorbing the fleet that we brought in as well as how well were doing with the Aherns fleet. So, well adjust as we had the past three years accordingly. 
David Raso: Its pretty interesting. Thats taking about $1.6 billion of fleet in the fourth quarter and the first quarter when you combine the two. I assume youre seeing project backlogs that are really focused on we need this equipment for certain projects. This is not a presumption of demand? I mean, is that just a pretty big first quarter number to follow the fourth quarter, is that
Matt Flannery: Yes, it absolutely David. And that is because we see the underlying demand, and weve talked a lot, right, in the last quarter as well about the mega projects. So theyll require a lot of this high time utilization assets. Additionally, well also get more to a more normal cadence of used sales than we have. We held back, and we hope we dont have through this year. Were planning on selling about 35% more use sales to get back to a normal fleet rotation. So that some of that capital will be to make sure that we have the ability to sell, and we dont have the team losing confidence in their ability to rotate fleet out so that we can still meet demand. 
David Raso: Just a strong  obviously, youre seeing very strong demand in the year is going to start very strongly with that much fleet over the six months even with the used sales as well. Second question. So if we do the dividend, we do the repo if you look at the guide, it implies net debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the year at 1.55 [ph], which is almost a half turn below the low end of your range. Can you give us a sense of the capital allocation, how we should think about that? Where would you be comfortable with the leverage? Or should we think of it as you want to get the leverage back to the low end of the range and thus, M&A?
Ted Grace: David, this is Ted. Ill take that one. Theres no change to that longer-term framework weve provided of two times to three times being that optimal level. Wed always said there was nothing religious about the low end. And so living there for some amount of time to us is something that is consistent with what weve articulated. The idea really would be the kind of stockpile dry powder for potential growth opportunities. If we were to kind of decide to live in a different ZIP code entirely, we would certainly update  the Street. But certainly for the immediate future, were comfortable at these levels. 
David Raso: I appreciate it guys. Thanks for the time.
Ted Grace: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher of UBS. 
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. So just, Im curious how the fleet productivity you reported in Q4? How did that compare to what you thought you could do going in some of the investors we chat with kind of seem to note the moderation in fleet productivity as the year progressed. I guess, whats the message you want to give to them about how they should think about sort of lower level of fleet productivity in 2023? Is it just more that its settling into a more normalized level, still above your hurdle rate, but just kind of moving beyond these unusual dynamics of utilization and inflation in 2021 and 2022 and its just sort of steadily into a more normalized path. Is that what message you would give? Or how would you frame that?
Matt Flannery: I think thats  first of all, this is an output, right? So, were going to manage the heck out of rate and time even though we dont report it out individually. And Im very pleased that the whole industry is doing that, and we see the discipline shown in the industry from that perspective. But I think the way you characterize it is fair, we were pleased with our Q4 fleet productivity. It was what we expected. And just for clarity for those that may not have picked it up, the 5.9% as reported when you take out Ahern, that would be 6.5%. So thats about three weeks of Ahern built into the fourth quarter. So, we will report next year fleet productivity on as reported and on a pro forma basis, so you could see that impact. And what well really be focused on is making sure we take the entirety of the fleet and drive more value out of it. And any time this number exceeds our threshold we expect to comfortably do next year will  thats a net gain. And well be measuring that on a pro forma basis for you see what were doing with the Ahern fleet against their baseline as well. 
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then Im wondering about the general cadence of project activity that you expect during the year and where you are with these large projects. Obviously, you talked about taking all the extra CapEx more front-end loaded. I guess Im wondering how you compare whats in the  still in the planning stages on these large projects compared to what you have on rent at the moment because there are some investors that, I think your business is slowing down, but Im wondering if theres actually  if youre seeing more large projects in the planning stages than whats on rent, Im wondering if that could actually lead to some type of acceleration as the next year or two plays out?
Matt Flannery: Yes. Well stay away from quarterly cadence, but obviously, it gets held by our pulp that we expect to need more fleet come the spring build up. Were not  Q1 is always going to be the slowest quarter seasonally, but we see strong demand here today, and we expect that to continue to ramp up from big projects. And then once you really get to the peak season, once you get past May, June and even all the local market stuff starts popping.  So when you hear about this pull forward, we dont feel the fleet that we would normally have had ready is going to be enough when we get to the real build season in April. And thats really more what that pretends to be in Q1, isnt really the focus, the focus in is, are we going to be ready for the build, all these projects that are scratching dirt or coming out of the ground that were going to need, were going to need to mobilize fleet for in the spring. 
Steven Fisher: Okay. Just a quick clarification, if I could. Whats the embedded flow-through that you have on the Ahern business in 2023? And compared to 2022, you got a 55% pro forma for legacy or? Whats the Ahern flow through?
Matt Flannery: Yes. Steve, that one is harder to speak to just because of the way we integrate acquisitions, especially in gen rent, and thats why its easier to frame as a function of pro forma. So I think you hit the nail on the head, certainly as reported, flow-through would look like 48  or excuse me, as reported looks like 48% pro forma 55%, but its hard to kind of discretely break apart the businesses. The one thing I would note, just to remind people of, we do think well achieve about $30 million of the cost savings out of the $40 million we talked about. So we can certainly share that. Yes, in 2023, well hold $40 million, but we only get about $30 million of it in 2023 as to our expectations. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. 
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. I wanted to kind of circle back to the demand side or at least the end market support thats out there in the short and the long-term. And so if you look at the dynamics, I guess, we have the mega projects that people talk about you have the fear or the risk that rising interest rates and the potential recession will cause project delays or  cancellations? And then you have the infrastructure bill, which is kind of different from some of the chips and semiconductors and stuff that will flow in. So, I wonder if you could level set us on those. Are you seeing any delays, cancellations, et cetera? The mega projects I assume are flowing in? And are you seeing any of the infrastructure bill starting to flow? And I assume theres pretty good duration on some of the stuff. So, I wonder if you have any comments on what your visibility is now versus past errors in the history.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Sure, Rob. So broadly, were  we believe that these  many of these projects are not macro relining. You heard me say that in our opening comments, and were talking about the type of mega projects were talking about. We feel really good about that. As far as infrastructure, weve been saying all along, we expected this to be a 2023 event, and Im pleased to say that we are seeing projects coming out of the ground and projects that are taking fleet as we speak. Mostly, youre think looking at bridges, airports, whether it be expansions or remodels. So were pleased, and we think that will carry out and accelerate through this year and beyond, right, be a multiyear event. So, were very pleased with that. Ted, I dont know if you had anything to add?
Ted Grace: Yes. No. I mean we really have not seen anything along those lines, Rob. Probably the one area where maybe weve seen some delays just as weve talked about it, has been more in the alternative power side, and I think theres been some stuff written about this publicly. Solar has had some supply chain issues. And within wind, weve seen a couple of permitting issues. All that said, our Power business in the quarter was up about 9%. And for the year, were up about 10%. So while were seeing kind of reports that youre seeing delays on project starts. That business for us has continued to be very robust. And just for clarity on the broadness that weve been talking about, right, in just the mega projects, the mega projects are really the kicker, while you hear us this strong tone and guidance that were coming out with, but we have seen this breadth growth throughout all geographies. So its not mega project reliant, but theyre kind of a kicker that maybe could offset if the commercial retail is going to drop or you think office space is going to drop. So we really feel that the balance is appropriate for this type of guide and the bullishness  you here in October.
Rob Wertheimer: And just to clarify on that, I was going to ask anyway, but we all talk construction, you have a lot of non-construction verticals youre seeing strength kind of throughout the industrial side?
Matt Flannery: We are, yes. I mean if you really go through all the verticals with the exception of midstream, which throughout the years, youve been the only vertical down for us, everything is up and even though the rate of change across those verticals has been negligible. I mean, its really been very consistent across the year.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: Hey guys. Good morning. You guys are obviously planning to sell a lot more fleet used fleet this year. And Matt, I think I heard you reference something about a broad mix or something different channel mix or whatnot. Can you just give us some more details on what your  kind of how youre selling this used fleet? I mean theres obviously some concerns about used pricing starting kind of rolling over. And what your expectations are? Whats embedded in your expectations for used equipment pricing for 2023? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, we feel good about the end market including pricing. Well fall off the historic eyes that weve set over the last two years, maybe a little bit, but well find out. And I think one of the things were going see is that the increase of replacement capital costs could definitely have a halo effect on used pricing. But when we think about what channels were going to open up is what we were talking about, weve been strictly or 90% retail all the way in the first three quarters of 2022. And then you saw we lose it up a little bit to get  to do some more volume in Q4. And that wasnt because there werent options; it was to retain fleet to rent. Because we  the supply chain just wasnt getting fleet to us fast enough for our customers. Were hoping our expectation is that we can go back to a more normalized channel mix in 2023, and thats whats embedded in our guidance. So, well open up the broker chain. Well do some trades. We probably wont do much auction unless you have something thats really in this repair. Were not really a big auction player. But just opening up that channel mix over and above the retail, and that will allow us to rotate out about $2 billion worth of hopefully.
Seth Weber: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks. And then just on the strength in the specialty margin in particular was pretty notable is  I think it was 400 basis points year-to-year. Is there something  is there some step changes happened there? Is it the general finance business, its clicking or anything youd call out that is supporting that big jump year-over-year? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think there are a couple of things there, Seth. I mean certainly, growth has been good, so thats helped drive fixed cost absorption. But beyond that, you had really good cost control in the quarter. And you also had some beneficial mix both within the specialty segments and on a project basis that benefited that flow through.
Seth Weber: Okay. All right guys. Thank you very much.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Thanks. Good morning. Just maybe group two together here. Matt, maybe the first is just on fleet productivity and just how you think about the components within that in 2023, just thinking of maybe time and rate given that you held on the fleet longer in this year to make sure you met the demand presuming youre running pretty hot on time. So potentially, that starts to run against you, but maybe Im wrong on that. And then just kind of the interplay on rate. And then the second question, maybe for Ted, is just any help in terms of EBITDA to operating cash flows, how should we think about, say, cash interest and cash taxes. Any help you have on that? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. On the fleet productivity, we still feel that the environment is going to be very constructive to drive positive fleet productivity. But you pointed out, the reality of our time may have been running so hot, but at some point, you have to look at it, are we running the appropriate level of time? Can we continue to raise it? Or does it become a bit of a headwind.  With that being said, even if time becomes a headwind just because were running so hot in some key categories, and we need to make sure we have availability for our customers. We still have ample opportunity to drive positive fleet productivity. And we think the end market is constructive for that. Well feel comfortable that both in as reported and pro forma basis will exceed our hurdle rate that we talk about that 1.5% even if that goes up to 2%. So, we feel good about it. And Ted, you can take the EBITDA question.
Ted Grace: Yes. So Tim, just in the absolute, we would look for cash taxes in 2023 to be about $565 million. Thats an increase roughly of about $240 million. Cash interest at about $600 million, which would be an increase of $195 million or so. And so when you bridge kind of that $1.1 billion increase in EBITDA against a roughly $460 million increase in free cash flow, really that the delta is going to be the change in working capital.
Timothy Thein: Got it. Thanks, Ted. And did you  usually you speak to a merit increase as we think about an SG&A kind of bridge year-over-year. Any  have you quantified that as to how we should think about that for this year?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I dont know if were ready to quantify it. But certainly, weve got that built into our guidance and built into our operating plan. We always talked about the importance of supporting our employees and taking care of them, and thats an important aspect of doing just that. So there is absolutely a merit increase built into this guidance. But in terms of quantifying it, its not something I think were prepared to do.
Timothy Thein: All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Im wondering if you could, just talk about the impact of the new higher pricing on new equipment on the marketplace. When we saw a Tier 4 higher pricing roll through that had a nice pricing umbrella on the rental industry for the entire fleet. And Im wondering, I know its early post the January price increases by the OEMs. But to what extent is that a pricing opportunity for the industry as you folks see it? How would you compare and contrast this transition versus the Tier 4 transition in terms of driving pricing upside? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, number one, this would be more across the board, and we feel comfortable, I talk about it in used pricing as replacement CapEx gets increased. Thats kind of an umbrella on the used pricing, residuals, which is a positive. And I think to your point about the whole industry having absorbed some inflation has been  has bolstered the discipline that weve been seeing. But to be fair, we saw it even before the price increases, and I think this is just the maturity of the industry. Youve heard us talking about the bigs  getting bigger and just more sophistication and information in the industry. I think all those are helping and certainly increased OEM pricing makes that even more important. And so I think your point is well taken. It will probably bolster some of the behavior in the industry.
Jerry Revich: Super. And just curious, a lots of cross currency in the cycle, as weve discussed, Im wondering if you look at the 2011 through 2015 environment, any analog that you would draw in terms of the industrys ability to match supply and demand today versus that cycle where early on supply demand matched pretty well, but obviously 2015 touch of oversupply. Can you just talk about how you view the industrys position today between availability and data, et cetera, and how youre managing the supply/demand balance?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So one of the biggest differences is the information that access  everybody has access to, right, whether its the route data, whether its now that over a third of the industry is covered by top three public companies, right? These type information gives everybody more understanding and visibility of the important metrics to focus on and the opportunities that exist in the industry. So  and the scale  so specifically for us, and lets say, our next largest competitor, scale allows us to get through things in a different way. And so I dont really wouldnt draw a comparison. I think the industry changed significantly in my 32 years, but even in the last 10, we do things differently, and Im sure some of our peers do. And I think youre seeing that manifest in better performance overall for the customer and for the shareholder.
Jerry Revich: Super. And lastly, if I could just sneak one more in there. Ted, Im wondering if you could just talk about what level of inflation is embedded in guidance overall? And if you can just touch on transportation, specifically where it feels like there might be some tailwinds for you folks on third party? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yes. In terms of the inflation thats built into our expectations, certainly probably elevated versus historical levels, probably not as significant as what we saw in 2022. And yet, weve been able to manage it very effectively, right? So if you look at that flow through last year, as an example, when you back out use across the full year, flow-through would have been 56%, 57%. So clearly indicative of our ability to manage that inflation very effectively. And when you think about what were pointing towards in 2023, a similar level of flow-through on that pro forma basis. So  its not to say that were in a benign cost environment. Theres still elements of inflation that were managing and all companies are managing, but we feel very comfortable in our ability to manage it effectively. In terms of pickup and delivery, thats an area where, frankly, were not trying to make money. So as you see, the price of diesel, as an example, ebb and flow, the impact on our margins is relatively de minimis. So its something the team has done a great job managing through in 2022 when obviously, diesel prices were a substantial headwind to companies. But if you think about that dynamic in 2023, I dont think it will be very appreciable.
Jerry Revich: Super. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just we  I know theres been a lot of talk of mega projects. We see Tesla announcing a $3.6 billion of new investments in two battery plants in Nevada. Just  we think about the economically sensitive areas of non-res like office and retail. Can you just help us understand when we think of these mega projects, how much more fleet on rent for these projects versus your typical office or retail? Are the terms and structures different? Is it different in terms of the multiyear visibility there, the different type of fleet required. Just curious if we see that trade-off over the next 12 months, 18 months, how we should kind of view that?
Matt Flannery: Yes. Michael, the type of projects vary so much that would be pretty hard to do. I mean outside if youre thinking about towers, right, large towers, office building, which may be more limited in what type of fleet you would rent on it. All these projects have different needs. And the great thing about our product line is whether its early when theyre scratching dirt, whether he needs trench places from creating the infrastructure to then creating the structure to then finishing off the building. Weve got the opportunity to cross-sell into all those needs. But as far as the volume needs, we do attribute models, theyre really hard to be predictive. I wouldnt really say that its something that you can rely on. I think the speed and the time to do the project and the sensitivity probably drives more variation of how much men, material and fleet theyre going to put on there, right? And it seems like nowadays everything is a fast-track project. That used to be a term 10 years ago, that meant they were going to do something quicker now its every project is fast-track. So, I think that has implications of driving more rental than anything else.
Michael Feniger: Thanks. And you guys highlighted all year that fleet productivity number was going to decelerate. I know you kind of gave us some puts and takes for 2023. But is the view that number continues to decelerate through 2023 or finds more stability at some point? Could you guys were kind of clear through the year how we should kind of prepare for that throughout the quarter? Just curious if theres anything we could kind of prepare as we go through 2023 there directionally?
Matt Flannery: Yes, I mean, you see whats embedded in our guidance on as reported basis, right? And within that range would be a different number anywhere. I wont even say the number. You could do the work. But I think really the most important thing is that the environments good for us to continue to drive positive fleet productivity, even if time utilization doesnt go up. And thats really what matters. Thats the important part of it. And we will report this on a pro forma basis.  Theyll be a little bit as reported drag from the 800  bringing in the 800 fleet, but well report that out and thatll be a couple of points differentiation there, even between as reported and pro forma is what our expectation is. So, well  its an output that we really dont want to try to predict. But what our expectations are for [indiscernible] are all embedded within our guidance.
Michael Feniger: Great. And just, Ill sneak one last one. Just, I know we talked about power exposure, alternative energy, just on the traditional side, the upstream, midstream, downstream, just are you seeing more activity there? Is that actually accelerating? Im just curious if you kind of touch on the traditional side?
Matt Flannery: Yes. Its bit pretty consistent in terms of that progression. Hold on, Im just turning something quickly, Mike. Give me one sec. So certainly continue to see strong momentum in upstream. I mentioned midstream has been kind of the one sector that has been a headwind for us this year. Theyre  its relatively small, call it 2% of our total mix and downstream has been pretty steady as well. Chemical processing would be the same. So if we look at the business, its consistently been about 13% of our total business across the year.
Michael Feniger: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here.
Matt Flannery: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Newman: Good morning. Matt, I wanted to go back to a couple of your comments that you made. Obviously, you gave a lot of good color on infrastructure spend opportunities earlier in the call. I think the guide implies, call it a low double-digit organic growth after you strip out Ahern. But maybe, is there any way you can help us try to size what the midpoint of guide assumes are the benefits from the trends were seeing in industrial restoring or your visibility on infrastructure projects?
Matt Flannery: I dont really have it broken out that way. We really look, frankly when were planning, but more by region versus the verticals and then we track the verticals as we assign capital after the fact. So I actually dont have that number for you, Ken. We can do a little work and get back to you on that. But just generally, right, without trying to get too pegged on numbers that I havent vetted. Generally, its  we view infrastructure as something thats accelerating, right? We view that were seeing the beginnings of it  of the spend, and we think thatll accelerate through 2023 and beyond into multi years. As far as the manufacturing, someone mentioned earlier, theres some big plants going on right now that have a lot of fleet on rent as we speak. But theres also some projects coming out of the ground that we think are multi-year mega projects. I dont really know how to lay those against each other. But Id say overall the mega projects work will certainly outpace infrastructure work in totality. But the acceleration infrastructure will continue throughout the year.
Ken Newman: Understood. For the follow-up, and you touched on this a little bit, but obviously weve seen some cracks start to emerge for the broader industrial space, especially on the  you talked about PMI in your prepared remarks. I know thats a little less than 50% of your customer mix, the industrial MRO part of the business. Maybe talk to us a little bit about how much conservatism is built in to the bottom end of the guide range. Whats embedded there in the assumption if we really do see a sharper turn in the industrial MRO demand environment?
Ted Grace: Yes, Ken, Ill take that one. As Matt mentioned, when we do our forecasting, its really built by the branches up to districts, regions, divisions, and corporate ultimately. So its really kind of set by the field. We dont look at it kind of top down looking by vertical. So as I mentioned, our industrial business has held in very well. Were not seeing any signs of cracks, and I know people have looked at whether its the PMI or other metrics and its raise concerns. Were not seeing signs of those. And as Matt mentioned in his prepared remarks, we also see a lot of these industrial projects kicking off this year. Weve talked about autos and related stuff. Weve talked about semis, but frankly, its even broader than that. And so if theres an offset from this  if there is a headwind on the MRO side, I think were very confident youll see within industrial kind of offsets on the construction side. But just to answer the question pointedly, we dont forecast our business based on these industrial verticals.
Ken Newman: Got it. Maybe if I could just sneak one more in here. It doesnt sound like you guys expect any constraints certainly from a capital perspective, even with the new dividend and the share repo, but I am curious if you think theres enough management capacity to go after M&A here in the near term?
Matt Flannery: Yes, Ken. So outside of anything that has a significant overlap with Ahern, right? So in those markets where theyre integrating the teams together, right, getting the sales reps together, thats a lot of work on the ground. So were going to pause for a little bit on anything that would have a large overlap. But if we have opportunities and we continue to work the pipeline as we have for the past couple years that dont have a big overlap and we have capacity in the field. Were absolutely if they clear that final hurdle of the finance  makes financial sense. We have the dry powder, we have the capability and we certainly would consider M&A that whether it be a tuck-in gen rent deal in a market that Ahern wasnt in or a specialty product line where theyre not dealing with any integration issues right now. So, our integration work rather than issues. So I would say absolutely we would. And just to touch on the capital allocation, one of the reasons why it was the right time for us to do a dividend now is because this is not at the expense of growth. When you look at the past two years and the kind of growth we drove, including significant M&A, we still have the capacity and free cash flow to give a dividend. So we had asked that question by someone earlier, are you given a dividend because of less growth prospects? No, quite contrary, its because even after supporting growth, we have excess cash to return and thats push points to the resiliency of our strong free cash flow through the cycle.
Ken Newman: Very helpful. Congrats.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
StanleyElliott: Hey guys. Thank you guys for fitting me in. Matt, in the past you guys have talked about the big  getting bigger and in the K you mentioned 4% North American rental growth and youre talking about 12% sort of growth right now. I mean, do you guys have consistently outgrown the broader industry? But are we seeing a step up now, an inflection point with the scale that you have, the specialty that now its reasonable to think that you guys might be able to put up 3x what the industrys growing at?
Matt Flannery: Well, certainly yes, because thats what our guidance implies. I think youd have to think that that 4% number would be locked in as well. So, I dont know what the coming out number for ARA was last year, but I know they raised it throughout the year. But we dont focus on that as a barometer limiting ourself. We focus on what we see in front of us, what we do during our planning process and what we hear from our customers as well as our people in the field. But implied in this guide is 3x.  And we do think we could do that. I think, Ive talked about this before, how the top end of the business, the biggest getting bigger is a trend that we think is going to continue. And we think scale gives you some opportunities and options as well as adding additional product lines and cross selling that are  gives better service to the customers and gives you an opportunity to grow faster than the industry. And I think well see that continue.
StanleyElliott: Great guys. Thats it for me. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, guys. Good morning. My first question, in gen rent specifically, I guess, probably, Ted you may be the best to speak to this, but how is rental duration performed over the last few years? Have you seen an expansion of your equipment staying out on rent and with mega projects coming and infrastructure bill feels like 2023 is going to be a lot of that should, is it likely that we may see that expand? I know were talking a matter of days here. But might the length of period that assets are out on rent expand and could that have a positive margin benefit for the company? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yes, so Ill touch the first part of the question. Ill start there. In terms of the mix between daily, weekly, monthly, which is really the way we would look at this. We dont kind of measure contract duration and maybe the way youre asking Scott, but those numbers have not moved meaningfully. Youve seen a very modest shift between daily and monthly to the point of  to the tune of about a point. So, wed be kind of mid-single digits on a daily and wed be about 80% on monthly. And those numbers have been remarkably consistent for a long time and it really hasnt been an appreciable change in terms of 2022 versus 2021 or prior years. In terms of the margin impact, certainly what were always trying to do is be mindful of getting more of your volume and serve you more efficiently. And so certainly, I dont know that theres a huge change there, but we do have that benefit as we do get larger projects that last longer and we get more fleet on this projects, were able to serve that customer more efficiently. And that certainly benefits margins to some degree and importantly returns.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks. Appreciate that. And then, Ted still for you, kind of your thoughts and kind of how the Board is looking at with the new dividend program, should we anticipate United Rentals to be a dividend growth story? I think you referenced about an 18% payout. If you want to quantify this, but is there a comfort going higher on payout ratio? Is that kind of a direction wed expect to take vis-a-vis share repurchase, just high level thoughts there? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yes, absolutely. Dont want to get ahead of the Board, but absolutely, we have the intention of growing the dividend over time. In terms of what that relative growth looks like relative to net income because youre asking about a payout ratio. I dont know that wed get locked in there just yet, but absolutely the intent is to continue to grow the dividend over time. Its fully our expectation.  Well continue to grow the company over time. Well continue to expand margins. Well continue to generate more cash. And so one of the things that dividend allows us to do is have another tool to return that excess cash to investors as we keep growing. So yes, I think its very fair to assume that we will grow the dividend over time and in terms of what that rate looks like, stay tuned.
Scott Schneeberger: Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys.
Ted Grace: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. Ill now turn the call back to Matt Flannery for any additional or closing remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And that wraps it up for today. And I want to say thank you to everyone for joining us as we kick off another year of growth for our shareholders. And we look forward to reporting a strong quarter for you in April. Until then, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted. Have a great day. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded.  Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access the filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes and expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer back to the company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation for each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ted Grace, Interim Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery , you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call.  Well, the team has made my job pretty easy today. We reported another strong quarter in a positive operating environment in a record year. That's a great trifecta. And I know it sounds familiar because that's how the year has been going. This quarter was especially gratifying. We delivered year-over-year increase in rental revenue of 20% with fleet productivity of almost 9%. Our people were definitely on top of that opportunity.  We achieved good operating leverage in our business by working efficiently. And that's not easy to maintain during peak demand, especially in the current cost environment. So I applaud the team for meeting our customers' needs while staying mindful of profitability and most of all, we are doing it safely.  Our recordable rate for both the third quarter and year-to-date were well below 1, and that's with about 10% more headcount in the quarter versus last year. Against this backdrop, we grew our EBITDA margin by 240 basis points year-over-year to 49.9% in the quarter as we grew EBITDA dollars faster than revenue to over $1.5 billion. That's a record for us in any quarter, and flow-through was a very solid 63%. Importantly, we also delivered another improvement in return on invested capital to a record 12.2%.  Given these results and the momentum we're seeing, we raised our full year 2022 guidance for total revenue and adjusted EBITDA as well as rental CapEx. I want to elaborate on the CapEx point before I move to our customers and our end markets. Our industry has continued to show good discipline in terms of supply and demand, which creates a healthy environment for attractive returns.  We have 2 levers we can pull to capitalize on this demand. First, we intentionally held back on used equipment sales this year to make sure we had enough capacity for our customers. And even though we sold less fleet in the quarter on an OEC basis versus our original plan, our revenue from used sales in Q3 was essentially flat year-over-year, supported by very strong pricing. And secondly, we had the opportunity to pull forward some CapEx into the current quarter to ensure that we're set up for a strong start to 2023. Our updated guidance includes an increase of rental CapEx of about $350 million at the midpoint. And we think this is prudent as our OEM partners continue to work through supply chain challenges.  So that's how we're thinking about CapEx at United Rentals. And on a related note, we're continuing to invest some of the CapEx and fleet that lowers carbon emissions on job sites, in line with our ESG initiatives. We recently announced an agreement to purchase all electric ride-on dumpsters from JCB, making us the first equipment rental provider to offer this product in our fleet. And on the innovation front, we just launched a sustainability tool in our total control platform that tracks greenhouse gas emissions data. This technology is an industry-first, and it's a good example of how we differentiate our company as a partner beyond the transaction. And in this case, we're helping customers reach their own sustainability goals. Investments like these continue to add value to our offering and keep us growing faster than the industry.  Now I'll turn to the macro. While there are portions of the economy that are clearly slowing, in our industry, customer activity is still on the upswing and demand for our equipment rental continues to be very strong. Customer sentiment and key industry indicators remain positive. And we know this outlook may seem at odds with some views on the broader economy.  And if we saw a cause for concern in our markets, we'd be standing here talking about it. We'd also be using the flexibility built into our model to pivot to a more conservative stance. Instead, we're investing in the tangible opportunities that we see ahead.  Here are a few of the unique dynamics that should help our industry continue to outpace the macro in virtually any economic cycle. One is a $550 billion of funding in the U.S. infrastructure bill, which will finally put shells in the ground starting in '23. This should trigger at least 5 years of opportunity. There's another $440 billion of federal tax incentives in the Inflation Reduction Act for clean energy and plant upgrades. And we think these will have a 5- to 10-year impact.  And in the manufacturing sector, there are multiple tailwinds that will play out on different time lines. This year alone, hundreds of billions of dollars of new investment in manufacturing have been announced. Investments are already underway in automotive electrification, microchip factories and the broader trend towards onshoring. And there's also more focus on energy production to serve markets in North America and Europe. Many of these tailwinds are new to the construction and industrial sectors. And in combination, they're a major opportunity for our industry.  Looking specifically at our business, the quarter played out even better than we anticipated. Both of our segments in every one of our regions grew rental revenue year-over-year by double digits. Rental revenue from non-resi construction was up 24%, infrastructure was up 11% and industrial was up 13%. And these are all consistent with the trends we've seen in recent quarters. Demand for specialty was strong across the segment with rental revenue up 23% year-over-year as a whole, led by our Mobile Storage and Fluid Solutions businesses.  Our greenfield plans for specialty are moving forward with 25 cold starts opened through September and another 11 planned by year-end. Cold starts continue to be a valuable growth strategy for specialty with a long-term benefit to our company's total performance.  Looking at our markets by vertical, the big multiyear projects in Q3 continue to be data centers, distribution centers and renewables as well as the automotive and ship plants that I mentioned earlier. Now these projects span multiple regions and most of them are mega projects where our customer base, our technology and our position as a one-stop shop give us a major competitive advantage.  Contractors are managing to source the labor and the materials they need, but at the same time, they're dealing with cost inflation. So they need to squeeze more productivity out of every dollar. And we have the digital solutions to help our customers get more utilization from the equipment they rent and own.  Work sites are evolving into connected environments, and we're positioned as a leader in that space, and our customers assign real value to the data that we provide. And lastly, I want to mention the new share repurchase authorization we announced yesterday. This program will return $1.25 billion of excess capital to our investors by the end of 2023. And we're proud to make this additional commitment to supporting shareholder value.  So in conclusion, our 25th year in business is also shaping up to be a record year of financial performance. We've got a great team in place, and we'll continue to explore every avenue for growth and returns. The construction and industrial sectors we serve had their own tailwinds, driving the historic demand for our services. Our customers are building a strong book of business for 2023 and the secular shift towards renting and expanding the market.  In this environment, we'll continue to be good stewards of United Rentals. We'll focus on profitable growth as we have all year, and we'll remain flexible to act in the best interest of our shareholders.  And with that, Ted, it's over to you.
William Grace: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, everybody. As you saw in the results we reported last night, the team did a great job delivering across the board. We continue to take advantage of the market by supporting our customers with the fleet they need, driving healthy productivity and converting that growth to our bottom line. This performance, combined with our updated outlook for the remainder of the year, is reflected in our new guidance, which I'll touch on later.  But first, let's dive into the quarter. Rental revenue was a record $2.73 billion. That's up $455 million or 20% year-over-year, with strong contribution from both general rental and specialty. Within rental revenue, OER increased by $341 million or 18%. Our average fleet size increased by 10.6%, which provided a $201 million benefit to revenue, while fleet productivity increased a healthy 8.9%, adding $168 million. This was partially offset by our usual fleet inflation of about 1.5 points or roughly $28 million.  Also within rental, ancillary revenues were higher by $103 million or 32%. This is due mainly to increased delivery fees and other pass-through charges. And finally, re-rent increased $11 million.  Outside of rental, third quarter used sales were essentially flat at $181 million as we intentionally held on to fleet to ensure we could support stronger-than-expected rental demand in our peak season. The vast majority of these sales were in the high-margin retail channel. This, together with improved pricing, helped deliver a very healthy 64.6% adjusted use margin for the quarter and record proceeds as a percent of OEC of 83%.  Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.52 billion, another record and an increase of $288 million or 23.4% year-on-year. The dollar change includes a $288 million increase from rental, within which OER contributed $245 million, ancillary contributed $37 million and re-rent contributed $6 million. Outside of rental, used sales added about $25 million to adjusted EBITDA, while other non-rental lines of businesses contributed another $3 million.  SG&A increased $28 million, primarily due to higher commissions related to volume and the normalization of certain discretionary costs. As a percent of revenue, however, SG&A showed good leverage declining 90 basis points to 11.7% of sales.  Looking at third quarter profitability. Our adjusted EBITDA margin increased 240 basis points to 49.9%, implying very healthy flow-through of around 63%. Excluding the benefit of used sales, flow-through was a still solid 58% supported by robust rental growth, good fleet productivity and vigilant cost management. And finally, third quarter adjusted EPS was a record at $9.27. That's an increase of $2.69 per share or almost 41% year-on-year.  Turning to CapEx. Third quarter gross rental CapEx of $1.1 billion and net rental CapEx of $921 million were both in line with year-ago levels. Now let's look at return on invested capital and free cash flow. As Matt mentioned, ROIC was another highlight of the quarter at a record 12.2% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's up 70 basis points sequentially and an increase of 270 basis points year-on-year. Free cash flow also continues to be very strong with $176 million generated in the quarter, reflecting normal seasonality and over $1.1 billion generated through the first 9 months of the year, all while continuing to fund growth.  Flipping to the balance sheet. Our leverage ratio declined 10 basis points sequentially and 50 basis points year-on-year to 1.9x its lowest level in our history. Additionally, our liquidity at the end of the quarter was a very robust $2.8 billion with no long-term note maturities until 2027. Combined with our cash generation, this provides us with tremendous strength and flexibility to run the company and support shareholder value in any environment.  Now let's look forward and talk about our updated guidance for the year. Total revenue is now expected in the range of $11.5 billion to $11.7 billion, or an increase of $50 million at midpoint and implying full year growth of better than 19%. This increase is supported by the momentum we've seen across our business, particularly within rental revenue that we expect to carry into next year.  Within total revenue, I'll note that we've reduced our used sales guidance by $50 million to $1 billion. As part of this change, we now expect to sell between $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion of OEC. As evident in our updated guidance, we remain focused on efficiently converting that additional rental revenue to the bottom line.  Our adjusted EBITDA range is now $5.5 billion to $5.6 billion, which at midpoint to $75 million above the midpoint of our prior guidance. This implies a roughly 240 basis point increase in full year adjusted EBITDA margins and flow-through of about 60%.  As Matt highlighted, we have also revised our outlook for gross CapEx by $350 million as we land delayed orders placed earlier in the year in select high-demand cat classes. In total, we now expect gross CapEx of between $3.25 billion and $3.45 billion. With these changes, we still expect to generate a very healthy $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion of free cash flow translating to a free cash margin of around 15%.  Now before we go to Q&A, I'll finish with a few comments on our new share repurchase authorization. We view the $1.25 billion program as an indication of our confidence in our business, the strength of our balance sheet and the durability of our cash generation. And we're proud of the fact that we've already returned $5 billion of excess capital to our investors since 2012 to support shareholder value while simultaneously getting our balance sheet to its strongest position in our 25 years.  So with that, we'll turn to Q&A. Operator, could you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Timothy Thein from Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Just a bit of an echo, hope it's triggered by me. But Matt, maybe just first one on this notion of these mega projects. We're clearly seeing that show up in the starts data -- the construction starts data and it looks to be an increase in just percentage of just overall spend in these coming years. As we think about here in late October, as looking into next year, is there a way to kind of size up how you sit just from kind of an overall visibility standpoint in terms of what's -- obviously, you don't operate with a backlog, but just from kind of a project visibility or project backlog standpoint, is there a way to kind of size up how United is -- a position is as we go into '23 just from essentially work already in hand or forthcoming, if you can help on that at all?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Tim. So as far as the scale of it, we'll work on is there some way that we can put a numerical value to it. But I could tell you in my 33 years of business, we have never seen this amount of mega projects. And specifically, in the infrastructure and commercial space on the books. The manufacturing is an added bonus that we really didn't expect to see where there's over $250 billion of funds already activated. So this is very tangible to us.  But when I think about our positioning there, as you can imagine, we've been focused on national accounts for many, many years. It's a big part of our strategy. And these are the folks that are going to get the large share of this work. That, alongside with our broader set of services, we think positions us very well in this space. So we certainly expect to outpunch our weight of our overall industry market share with these customers and with these projects.  And this is just another example of us thinking and believing strongly that the bigs will continue to get bigger and taking share. So that's the way I would think about it right now. I don't know if you have any other thoughts.
Timothy Thein: Yes. Got it. Okay. And then your point on the leverage range and what a change from, say, a decade or so ago and just in terms of how the balance sheet has evolved. But how are you thinking about the Board thinking about the 2 to 3x target? Obviously, I'm sure you want to preserve some flexibility for M&A or other capital return opportunities. But obviously, with the cash flows continuing to build the potential for that to go even lower. So how are you and the Board thinking about that overall 2 to 3x range?
Matthew Flannery: I'll let Ted speak to the leverage. But we don't at all see this as preventive from us being able to continue to invest in growth of the business, which is our fore-first filter of what we'll do from a capital allocation perspective. Ted, please?
William Grace: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. Certainly, something we talk about frequently both as a management team and with the Board. And I guess if you rewind back to 2019, when we introduced the new balance sheet strategy, obviously, a key rationale was to ensure we had financial strength across the cycle. And where we sit today at 1.9x, as you heard us talk about in the call, we absolutely feel very well positioned from that standpoint.  It gives us a lot of freedom and flexibility to run the business as we see fit. We also said there was nothing religious about that low end of 2x that we were comfortable going below to some degree. So again, kind of stockpile firepower, if you will. I think if we were to decide to live structurally in a lower ZIP code, choose the number you want, 1.5 to 2.5 as an example. At that point, I think we'd absolutely feel obligated to just update the Street. But for the time being, we feel like this range and the flexibility we have around it remain appropriate.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Great. Just, Ted, you mentioned that the CapEx increase is targeted at select cat classes, but it sounds like you guys have a pretty broadly positive view about a lot of end markets. Curious why it's only in select cat classes then, if I heard that correctly?
Matthew Flannery: Steve, this is Matt. So let me put this in context, this increase. We had orders similar to last year that because of some of the supply chain challenges, and you can imagine they would happen in more higher demand categories, right, where the OEMs are doing their best to keep up, but there's a lot of demand for these assets. They slipped all the way towards the end of the year here.  As we got to mid-October, we had a decision to make. Do we let this CapEx flow and, therefore, raise our guidance or do we cancel it and hope that we can get these high-demand assets in the spring? We made the decision to let this flow and for 2 reasons. Number one, the surety of supply because these are assets that have slipped quite a bit. And then secondly, we'll get these to 2022 pricing instead of '23 pricing.  We had some questions if people ask, wow, you're able to raise your CapEx, the supply chain must have really loosened up. It's actually quite the opposite. Because the supply chain is tight, we let these orders that have been delayed so long in the year flow through because we really would rather get ahead of the curve here, and we do see 2023 as a growth year. So the selectiveness wasn't really our choice, it was as much because those are the assets that slipped as much as they did because of the high demand. Hopefully, that straightened that out for you, Steve.
Steven Fisher: Yes. That makes perfect sense. And then on the cold starts, I think you said you've done 25 cold starts with another 11 or so in the fourth quarter. I think that's a bit less than the 45 you had mentioned in Q2. I guess, do I have those numbers right? And what's caused the reduction in that cold start number? Is that, again, just equipment availability? And then are you just planning to push those into '23?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Steve, I'll double check those numbers, but I think the goal is 40 to 45 for the full year. I don't know if that's driving some confusion. But in terms of the pace at which we're opening cold starts in specialty, we're on track.
William Grace: Yes. If there's anything that would hold it up, it'd probably be more getting the right facilities and people really than fleet in those sectors, specifically at specialty.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about how you're seeing performance at general finance, just give us an update for those asset classes and how do you view cyclicality considering that's not an asset class that United had in prior cycles? Would love to see how you're thinking about the opportunity for penetration for that category. And similarly, are there any other specialty cross-selling opportunities that could be emerging for additional categories as a result of general finance building out across your footprint?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. And as we think about the GFN business and the teams that came with that, we had a thesis, if you recall, we announced the deal that we can double this business in the next 5 years. And I could say that we're ahead of schedule on that. We're really getting robust growth out of this group. We're very, very pleased, not just with the team, but with the cross-sell opportunities, it's really -- our customer base has absorbed this like a dry spun. So it's really been working well for us and even ahead of the lofty plans that we had for it.  And as far as other products in that category, you could just imagine like we did back in the day with pumps and like we did with tanks, any time we see something that's on a site, whether that be a plant or whether it be a project that our customers are running that we don't supply, we're looking for opportunities to add to the portfolio. And this was one that we looked at for quite a few years so we finally found the right partner.  So the tricky part for us is we're a believer that doing this through M&A and buying a big enough platform to make the offering broadly is really important to our national solution strategy towards our customers. So we'll continue to be on the lookout for it, Jerry. And hopefully, we'll find some other great opportunities like we did here with the GFN team.
Jerry Revich: Super. And just to shift gears, I know you folks look at scenario planning a lot in the COVID recession, margin degradation was really minimal in your business. Can you just talk about your scenarios for the next downturn, given the uncertainty in the market? How do you folks think about the leverage you would pull? And any updated thoughts on whether the level of performance we saw in that very different cycle is repeatable to what extent?
William Grace: Jerry, I'll take that one. As you're right, we do a lot of scenario analysis and COVID certainly had its unique dynamics. I think more than anything, it highlighted the flexibility of the business both on a CapEx and an OpEx standpoint. And you asked about margins. So within OpEx, what you see is a lot of the businesses is -- a lot of the costs, I should say, the cash cost that are really highly correlated to volume. And what that allows us to do is flex pretty rapidly and protect kind of those semi-variable costs that are labor.  That's always going to be the goal in any kind of downside scenarios to take care of our people and retain that capacity, which is the hardest thing to replace if we ever had to. So that would be the play we'd run in virtually any scenario. And obviously, you look at different scenarios with different severity and different durations. But the playbook itself is very consistent across all that kind of modeling.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And I would agree. And the nice thing is when you do that in-sourcing, utilizing our own labor, you're getting your highest cost out of there. So it worked really well in COVID and Ted explained it well. Something that we would definitely wasn't learning from COVID, but both sides of it. The reason we kept that capacity was for the ramp-up and it really gave us a great opportunity to move forward on the other side of whatever kind of cycle you deal.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I was just curious, just trying to think about '23, and I'm not looking for exact guidance, just trying to think through the growth drivers. Where are your fleet is going to end the year? If we just assume the fleet doesn't grow at all, the fleet will be on average about 5% bigger than it was in '22. So when we think of the drivers for '23, nothing inorganic, but when we think about further expansion of the fleet, rate and you, curious, can you just give us some sense of where do you still see room for growth, be it contracts coming due -- that are due for a price increase, kind of where you see rates? Just for a sense, I'm not trying to get exact -- but just trying to get some prioritization here of how do we grow across those 3 major buckets as we sit here today?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, David. So to your point, we'll have some natural carryover fleet growth and then add whatever number once we get through our planning process that we'll communicate in January, how much fleet we put on top of that for growth CapEx versus maintenance capital and then think about the carryover we'll have in fleet productivity. Although we don't expect this productivity stay in these very frothy double-digit ranges, mostly due to comps. When we think about that, we'll have some continued fleet productivity well above our hurdle rate.  So we really think that, remember, that's a year-over-year metric. So any time your fleet productivity is over that 1.5% hurdle rate, you're growing the business faster, you're growing revenues faster than you're growing your fleet, which is going to have accretive value to the margins and flow-through. And we foresee both of those continuing to happen. The level -- the wildcard will be how much. And that's what we're working through in the planning process and along with our partners to see what the capital situation could be and all will be meeting the demand environment and be very flexible. But we do see '23 as a growth to your point because some of the natural carryovers that we're bringing into the year.
David Raso: When it comes to the rate momentum, do we see further rate increases for '23? Again, I know you don't like speaking about exact rates. I'm not looking for a percentage. But just from where we sit today, there's some carryover of course. But how are you thinking about rate -- the ability to raise rates to start '23?
Matthew Flannery: So if I think about the last few years, not just this year and the discipline that's been in the industry, we're all having cost of goods increase. So -- and our customers are too. So they understand that. So there's a real focus on everybody understanding that we have to keep it balanced with that inflation from a rate perspective. And we're going to continue to do our part in that as a leader, and I'm very pleased to see that the industry is doing the same. So we would expect that. How much, we'll see, but we do expect the environment for 2023 to continue to be conducive to driving specifically that component of fleet productivity.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo.
Seth Weber: Matt, I just wanted to go back to your pull-forward CapEx comment. I mean, I'm just trying to tie that together. So should -- I'm not looking for '23 guidance, but should we assume or should we think about that as kind of being a governor on 2023 gross CapEx growth if you're "pulling some of that forward"? And then I guess my follow-up question is, should we expect used equipment sales to really pick up next year as well?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So 2 points to that. As far as a governor on growth, would you see it as a net of where we end up in CapEx planning? Absolutely. And we'll flex that as always, with demand. What this really does is let us not have to worry about how quick the supply-and-demand pipeline meet each other by getting a little bit of a headstart on these assets that were tougher to get this year. So that's number one.  So there will be some netting effect once we finish our planning process. But because we'll have it in hand already, hopefully, it will almost be part of the planning process. So we'll give that new number to everybody. As far as the used sales, we would as long as the supply/demand can be an appropriate level as opposed to a little almost 2 in balance this year, and we had to hold on to fleet because we frankly couldn't sell because it was on rent.  We hope to get to more normalized fleet rotation next year. And the kind of used sales that you would have seen pre-COVID and we hope to get that kind of cadence in new sales. And first -- fourth quarter and first quarter usually are the heaviest months and we'd expect that to continue on as we sit here today.
Seth Weber: Okay. That's perfect. And then just maybe as a follow-up, Matt, in prior periods of rising interest rates and stuff, do you typically see the IRCs being less able to buy a fleet? Are they -- are you hearing anything about the IRCs being more just restricted here? Or do you feel like the CapEx that's coming into the market is pretty much across the board?
Matthew Flannery: Well, I think everybody across the board has an opportunity to grow. And I think most strong solid companies that have the financial wherewithal to do that are doing that. As you can imagine, the OEMs are going to sell out their inventory anyway. So they're probably being pretty disciplined by who they sell to. With that being said, I don't want to paint or homogenize the whole independent group, but some are better capitalized than others and those that aren't well capitalized, I've got to imagine the inflationary environment is going to be a challenge for them. For us, and specifically the nationals, this is one of the reasons why we think this environment will continue to drive the bigs getting bigger, so to speak, and put a value on scale to continue to be able to overcome whatever challenges the economy has for you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: So I wanted to ask on a question that Matt touched on earlier. You guys -- on megaprojects. You guys have spent a lot of years focusing on National Accounts and serving big clients. The market is shifting towards big projects in a way that we maybe have never seen before, and I wondered if you'd be willing to give like a 2-minute teaching on what you've done, what market share looks like in a big project serviced by a big national contractor who can provide the capabilities, what the capabilities are. And if you wanted to get tangible, I assume your market share is something like LaGuardia was higher than 15%. Just wonder if you can give us any help on that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. When you think about large projects, right, whether -- wherever you draw the line of mega, but really any kind of project of scale is going to need multiple products. This is one of the reasons why we think the very broad offering is important because one of the things that people don't necessarily think about is the security and safety of a site is very important to construction managers. They're held responsible and held accountable to that security and safety.  And obviously, if you don't have 20 different suppliers running around supporting a project, you have a little bit more consistency. I also think we feel like we lead strongly with safety. But I think this is an area where the larger companies that can invest in tools, invest and have a focus culturally on safety are at a competitive advantage. As far as what share is, it's going to depend on each project, but you can imagine that the players that can serve most of the needs are the ones that are going to be in the best position.  And I wouldn't want to get into market share on that because it varies by project. There's very few sole-sourced projects as opposed to plant work, where you may have a sole source contract that you bid for. So there'll be multiple people on a project and the ones that do a better job are going get a better share once they approve it to the customer.
Robert Wertheimer: And if you could just add into that discussion briefly, technology? You touched on it earlier. I know you've invested a lot in tech. Do big projects use it a lot more aggressively? You mentioned a couple of margins with productivity and so forth. What is most attractive to the projects on the tech front? And I will stop there.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Rob. Thanks for the opportunity to mention. The visibility that we can give them through our connected assets. So we have over 250,000 assets that have telematics on it. That in itself is a big investment that reaps rewards for us and for our customers so that we can give them real-time data, whether that's location, utilization, fuel alerts, there's a lot of stuff that's unique to that investment.  And think about a large complex project, that visibility that the people are in charge of leading that project really gives them help in running a more efficient process. And bringing more money to the bottom line, which is their job, right, running the job at the appropriate cost levels and productivity. So rental has always been about driving safety and productivity. And I would say the connected job site and the data that we can bring to it through our tools, just up the ante on driving better productivity.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth Newman: Just maybe I missed it, but I think you talked a little bit about strong customer sentiments. Just any color on how your internal customer survey is trending this quarter relative to last quarter?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Kenneth, good question. Simply, it's trying to remarkably in line. There really hasn't been any deviation in our customer optimism looking forward. And as a reminder to everybody else, that's something we do as part of our Net Promoter Scores, and we ask them on a forward 12-month basis how they feel about their revenue prospects.  And I guess the other thing I would add is very -- sorry, also very consistent with the feedback we get from the field. So we're constantly making sure that those 2 data points, if you will, do align. And the good news is they continue to align.
Kenneth Newman: Yes. Makes sense. And then for my follow-up, this might be a bit of a harder question to answer, but just given how tight the fleet is and how tight supply chain has been, is there any idea that just how much revenue opportunities you had to pass on because you didn't have the fleet that you wanted? Or any idea of whether or not you think all of that fleet would have been on rent as soon as it hit?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Certainly, when the market is running as high as it has this year and you have the supply-demand dynamic we had, I got to imagine that peak season, everyone's missing a little bit of business. And it's part of it. Customers learn to plan better. Part of it, customers didn't turn in fleet as quickly. Some even moved a job to job. So with our key accounts and the people that we're strategically aligned with and focused on, we got through it all.  But on the outside of that, the transactional business, we absolutely going to put more fleet to work. We had to stay very focused on prioritizing our key accounts and making sure we took care of our key relationships and supported them in a manner they expect United Rentals. So we should certainly lost some hard to quantify, but net-net, we're very pleased with the 20% growth. So I won't get too far out there on that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: A lot of discussion about these mega projects and some of the tailwinds from infrastructure, et cetera. I'm just trying to kind of get a sense of how you think about sizing that? I mean how much of your business in 2 or 3 years when these things are really ramped up, how much of it comes from those types of projects?
Matthew Flannery: Stephen, it's a good question. It's certainly hard to say how much of the total business comes from those opportunities or how much of the total business is driven by those. But certainly, we can dimensionalize what those numbers look like in the absolute. So if you look at infrastructure as an example, it's nominally $550 billion over 5 years. So if you just said it's $110 billion on an annualized basis, that's in the context of a total non-resi construction market, it's about $800 billion.  And within that, the public piece is probably $340 billion. So it's quite meaningful, right? You would say $100 billion in an $800 billion market, is 12% tailwind, all else equal. And then you start thinking about some of the other programs, IRA harder to dimensionalize, you've got $370 billion of tax credits to get levered, right? So the intended spending there is substantially larger than that, probably a longer time frame admittedly, but that same dimensionalization, $800 billion of total non-resi, $340 billion of public non-resi.  If you look at some of the stuff more in the private domain, semis is an example. We're tracking $200 billion to $250 billion of projects or intended spend that companies have announced in the U.S. So again, if you choose the denominator, but if you think it's over 5 or 10 years, that's in the context of a private non-resi market that's about $470 billion. So there, again, it's quite substantial.  Autos would be another one. These numbers are harder to come by, but we think you can pretty confidently underwrite hundreds of billions of dollars of total investment in North America by the OEMs and all their supply chain partners, which again is in that context of $800 billion of total non-resi, call it, $500 billion of private non-resi.  Energy is another one that's tough to dimensionalize, but I think we're all aware of what's going to drive U.S. natural gas exports over the next many years and that will be another one. So when you think about those in the context of what the existing market is, there are going to be really big tailwinds. In terms of what that traction is looking out 3, 5, 10 years, it's much harder to say. But suffice to say, there'll be meaningful contributors. Does that help?
Stephen Volkmann: Yes. No, that's great. You guys have definitely thought that through. Appreciate it. Maybe my follow-up a little bit closer term, maybe more of a Ted question. I'm trying to think about how to think about SG&A in 2023. And I'm guessing that there's a fair amount of kind of incentive comp of various types that's in there that probably resets and maybe doesn't recur in '23. Just any way to think about those trends?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, too early to get into the details about the headwinds or the tailwinds I should say, from prospectively incentive comp reset. But certainly, you can hear our tone on growth, and we certainly expect to leverage the nature of SG&A again in 2023. That will obviously be embedded within our guidance we give, which is EBITDA, as you know, so it's kind of below the line, if you will. But suffice to say, we would look to get another year of healthy leverage on those costs.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. I'll wait for that then.
Operator: And with that, it appears there are no further questions over the line. I'd like to go ahead and turn it back to Matt for any closing remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We're very proud to deliver such strong profitable growth in our busiest season. But now we got to look forward. We're deep into the planning process for '23. So stay tuned for our new guidance on the January call. And until then, if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to Ted any time, and it will be very helpful. So with that, operator, please end the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin note that the company's press release comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected.  A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations.  You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  Speaking today for United Rentals is; Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. I'll start with the main takeaways from yesterday's release. In the second quarter, our team executed extremely well in a robust demand environment. And as a result, we delivered very strong performance by any measure. Our rental revenue increased by 26% year-over-year to a second quarter record of almost $2.5 billion, well above expectations and adjusted EBITDA grew faster than the top line, up 31% to a record $1.3 billion.  We also demonstrated good cost discipline. Our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 360 basis points to 47.3%. This contributed to a strong flow-through of about 65%. And importantly we delivered a 230-basis point improvement in return on invested capital to a record 11.5%.  The three tailwinds we saw at the start of the year continued to fuel our momentum. The macroenvironment remained favorable which created more demand in the quarter and you could see that in our rental revenue growth which included fleet productivity of better than 11%. In addition, the customer trend toward renting equipment is alive and well. We see this as a secular shift that will continue to move the market from owning equipment to renting it overtime.  And lastly, we're confident that our growth is outpacing our industry as we continue to take share both in our core markets and with key customers. One reason, we're gaining share is our positioning as a one-stop shop. Customers place a lot of value on being productive. And our combination of scale, job site solutions, superior service and technology is unique in our industry.  Customers also care about safety and we prioritize safety on and off the job site. And this is another area where our team delivered in Q2 by keeping our recordable rate well below one. And increasingly customers place a value on sustainability. In May, we announced an initial agreement to purchase over 500 all-electric trucks and vans from Ford, including the F-150 Lightning pickups. Now this partnership is a good example of how we're continuing to add sustainable solutions to our rental fleet, while moving toward greener operations. We're proud of the progress we're making in many different areas of ESG including environmental stewardship and social impact. Yesterday, we released our 10th Annual Corporate Responsibility Report with comprehensive data covering 2021 along with more recent developments. You can find it on our website if you'd like to download it.  Another thing customers strongly care about is reliability. It's high on their list and we've got a very high bar in response. Our team is trained to deliver a caliber of service that earns the next opportunity. And our employees like that challenge and they love being an arrow to our customers. That's a big part of our culture at United and it helps with retention and recruitment. Our net headcount at the end of June was 9% higher than a year ago which is a solid gain in a tight labor market. Now I'll repeat something I said before, we're fortunate to have a world-class team standing behind our strategy. It gives us confidence in every target we put out there and that includes the updated guidance we released yesterday which raised our outlook for total revenue, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow.  We have strong visibility through the balance of the year, and the activity we're seeing will create a lot of demand to get equipment on rent. There are plenty of positive signs to support this view. Virtually all of the external indicators are favorable including the Dodge Momentum Index, the ABI, contractor backlogs and customer sentiment. And the used equipment market remains robust. In the second quarter, we captured record recovery rates and margins on used sales. And I spoke to all of these dynamics coming out of Q1, and they're all still true today. Now I'm going to pivot to look at demand at the ground level. Our gen rent and specialty segments, both performed extremely well in the quarter. All of our regions company-wide, delivered double-digit rental revenue growth. And in many ways, it's a continuation of what we spoke about in Q1 broad-based activity across regions, stemming from a diversified mix of end markets and key verticals.  Looking at it by end market. Our rental revenue from non-res construction was up 27% year-over-year, and infrastructure was up 15%. And more broadly almost every vertical showed year-over-year growth in rental revenue. In terms of project types, large data centers are continuing to break ground along with infrastructure projects and distribution centers, and manufacturing is coming back. The power vertical is also accelerating and there are more tailwinds in the wings. With infrastructure for example, the funding is now finalized in Washington and we expect to start seeing a benefit in 2023 and beyond. With manufacturing, the resurgence of the industrial sector in North America, is being driven in part by supply chain challenges in other parts of the world and that's good for us. It's already evident in certain sectors. Companies are investing hundreds of billions of dollars in mega projects in the US and Canada, to build plants across a variety of verticals like semiconductors and automotive. These projects will require equipment for years to come, and they play to our competitive advantage with large customers. On the specialty side, the segment had another excellent quarter led by our power and mobile storage businesses. The segment as a whole grew rental revenue by 39%, including the benefit from General Finance. Pro forma specialty was up a strong 29%. We opened 24 cold storage through June, in specialty against a revised target of about 45 openings by year-end and that's slightly higher than our original projection of 40 openings this year. So as you can see, 2022 continues to be a landmark year for our company both financially and operationally. We delivered another record quarter in, what we expect to be a record year. Our flow-through in the quarter reflects the team's discipline in navigating a challenging cost environment. And we continue to have the benefit of a strong balance sheet, low leverage and robust cash generation. This gives us the flexibility to act opportunistically on many fronts. This year we expect to make the largest investment in our history in fleet of about $3 billion and our suppliers are taking good care of us, and our CapEx spend is tracking to plan. We'll also continue to explore growth through cold starts and acquisitions. We've made seven bolt-on acquisitions this year to date, for a total consideration of over $300 million. Lastly, we expect to complete our share repurchase authorization this quarter. These are all prudent capital allocations, to create long-term shareholder value. And we know that the key to leveraging capital, is relentless execution and that's what you're seeing from us in our results. Now before, I hand it over to Jessica, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank her personally for her many contributions over the past seven years. As you all know, Jess will be leaving us to take on a new opportunity and Ted has stepped in as we go through the CFO search process. And I know I speak for our entire leadership team, when I say it's been a pleasure to work with Jess and we wish her all the best in her new endeavor. And now with that Jess, you've got floor.
Jessica Graziano: Good morning, everyone and thank you Matt, for your kind words. It's definitely bittersweet to be on my last earnings call for United. My time here has been an incredible experience and not just with our amazing Team United and our Board, but also working so closely with Ted and the investment community. We've accomplished a lot together, so I'm grateful to have this chance to publicly say, thank you. As we look to the quarter, I'm especially pleased to be able to report such great results on my last call, record results actually. As Matt shared, the strength we've seen in demand across our end markets has exceeded our expectations for the quarter. It also underpins our increased guidance for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for the full year and more on that later. Let's start with a closer look, at the second quarter. Rental revenue for the second quarter was a record $2.46 billion. That's up $511 million or 26.2% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased $383 million or about 23%. Our average fleet size increased by 13.6%, which provided a $223 million tailwind to revenue. Fleet productivity was up a very healthy 11.3%, contributing $185 million. And rounding out OER was about a $25 million reduction in rental revenue from fleet inflation, which we estimate to be a 1.5% drag. Also within rental, ancillary revenues in the quarter were higher by about $115 million or 42%, which is mainly due to increased delivery fees and other pass-through charges. And finally re-rent was up $13 million in the quarter. Used sales for the quarter were $164 million, a decline of $30 million or about 15% from the second quarter last year. We continue to manage used sales to help ensure we have adequate capacity to serve the robust demand we're seeing this year. We're focusing those sales in our most profitable retail channel and together with a strong market overall and better pricing delivered a healthy 62.2% adjusted used margin for the quarter. That represents sequential improvement of about 440 basis points and year-over-year improvement of just over 1400 basis points. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.31 billion another record for us and an increase of 31.2% year-over-year or $312 million. The dollar change includes a $324 million increase from rental. Now in that OER contributed $273 million and ancillary was up $51 million. Used sales were a tailwind to adjusted EBITDA of $9 million and other non-rental lines of business provided $10 million. Other income also contributed $10 million of year-on-year benefit, in part due to some of the onetime costs from acquisitions we called out in the second quarter of last year. SG&A was a headwind to adjusted EBITDA of $41 million driven in large part by higher commissions on higher revenue. And as expected, we saw certain discretionary costs in SG&A continue to normalize. Adjusted EBITDA margin came in very strong at 47.3%, up 360 basis points year-over-year with excellent flow-through of 64.5%. And excluding the benefit from used sales in the quarter, flow-through would have been a healthy 59%. The strong performance across the core business reflects better-than-expected growth in rental. It also reflects the impact of actions we've taken to pass through cost inflation in certain areas like delivery and fuel. Our team also did a great job managing costs across other areas of the business. Let's shift to adjusted EPS, which was another record for us at $7.86, that's up 68% or $3.66 versus last year. EPS this quarter includes about $0.55 from a one-time tax benefit. But even if we adjust for that benefit, I'm pleased to note our EPS would still have been a record this quarter. Looking at CapEx. Gross rental CapEx was a healthy $872 million in the second quarter. Proceeds from used equipment sales were $164 million resulting in net CapEx of $708 million, which was similar to the second quarter last year. Net CapEx for the first half of the year of $979 million is up $232 million or 31%. Now turning to ROIC and free cash flow. ROIC continues to run well above our weighted average cost of capital at a record 11.5% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's up 60 basis points sequentially and 230 basis points year-over-year. Free cash flow also continues to be very strong as we generated $392 million in the second quarter and just under $1 billion for the first half of the year, all while continuing to invest in high levels of CapEx to grow our business. I'll share a few comments on our balance sheet. As I look back on my time here, I am especially proud of the work our team has done on the balance sheet. It is in fantastic shape. Our leverage ratio at the end of the second quarter remains at the lowest level in our history at 2.0 times. That's flat sequentially and down 50 basis points from the second quarter of 2021. Liquidity at the end of the quarter was a very strong $2.8 billion with the vast majority of that coming from ABL capacity of just over $2.5 billion. And notably within the quarter, we took a number of actions to further bolster our positioning including upsizing and extending both our ABL and AR facilities with improved terms. And I'd be remiss if I didn't also mention that our next long-term note maturity isn't until 2027. The last thing I'll mention on our capital allocation relates to our current $1 billion share repurchase program. We leaned in a bit into the execution acquiring roughly $500 million in shares during the second quarter. Through June 30, we've spent $762 million of the authorization, repurchasing a little more than 3.5% of our fully diluted share count. With $238 million left to purchase, we expect we'll finish this program in the third quarter. Let's look forward and talk about our updated guidance for 2022, which we shared in our press release last night. Total revenue is now expected in the range of $11.4 billion to $11.7 billion or an increase of $250 million at the midpoint implying full year growth of 18.9%. As I mentioned earlier, this increase is supported by robust demand that we continue to see broadly across our geographies and our end markets. We expect the profitability and flow-through on that higher revenue to remain strong. Our adjusted EBITDA range is now $5.4 billion to $5.55 billion, up $175 million from the midpoint of our previous guidance. This implies a 200 basis point increase in full year adjusted EBITDA margin and robust full year flow-through of about 58%. Our range for gross and net CapEx is unchanged. We still expect to source about $3 billion of gross CapEx. We also expect the strength of the used equipment market will support used proceeds consistent with our original guidance, even though we'll sell less fleet for the full year than originally planned. And finally, our free cash flow guidance has increased $150 million at the midpoint as we now look to generate between $1.85 billion and $2.05 billion. That's mainly from higher operating profit we expect to deliver this year. Now as I pass the baton, I've asked Ted to jump in on Q&A. So let's get to your questions. Operator, please open the line.
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thanks for the time and congratulations Jess. Regarding -- just sort of big picture, I mean we can dive into a lot of numbers but needless to say the results were pretty solid. So I'm really just trying to think about 2023 here if you can indulge me. Matt obviously you've been doing this for many years. And the backlog that you're hearing from your contractors when they speak of where they are in the project development do they have financing, how committed they seem, something underpinning it be it infrastructure bill or whatever it may be? Just curious, when you look at this backlog today if you could maybe comp, it versus where it was this time last year? And just your history with this business the comfort that you have in these backlog numbers that I guess are still suggesting to you another year of solid growth in 2023.
Matt Flannery: Sure David. So obviously, we'll go through our whole planning process this fall, but we'll do a deeper dive and then update everybody, at year-end on what we expect 2023 to be. But to be clear, we expect to carry good momentum into 2023 whether that's the great fleet productivity, which there'll be some carryover effect, as a positive into 2023 or the larger fleet size. So just structurally we'll have some momentum going into 2023. And additionally to your point about the backlog, it remains pretty consistent on our CCI where our customers at a high level have been consistent for six quarters and that hasn't changed. So we're not seeing any kind of deceleration in our customers' expectation. And additionally, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, mega projects are going to be long term for us. So, they're breaking ground now and funded and we're talking billions, billions dollars of potential work out there. And we haven't yet seen a couple of tailwinds that I mentioned. Shovel-ready meaning activated for our rental revenue, the funding for infrastructure and a lot more what we believe is going to be a manufacturing resurgence. So those are the tailwinds I call into play going into 2023. Some of it is structural for our larger and momentum that we're carrying into 2023. And then, some of the macro areas that we have yet to enjoy that we think are going to be tailwinds in 2023.
David Raso: Anything about what you're hearing for those projects that should influence our thought on the margins, be it is going to be more national account or it's going to be more of a different vertical that you've historically have better or worse than average returns? Because right now it looks like the incremental EBITDA you're getting on the owned fleet it's been over 70% now two quarters in a row right? Obviously, the ancillary and the re-rent drags it down a little bit to the overall 65. But it just seems that the drop-through has been so strong. I'm just trying to calibrate how much is it. Right now we're just running at time but that you probably wouldn't have thought were that possible. So the fixed cost absorption is great. But I'm also just trying to be thoughtful if I've got a different mix coming in 2023 to show how to calibrate how to really think about the incremental margins from here.
Matt Flannery: No. Operationally, we actually see some efficiency on the large project. Admittedly some of the real large-scale customers our largest national account may have a little bit better pricing but they kind of even off. And the consistency and the longevity of rental for major projects is a positive offset for us. So I don't expect to see a big margin profile change based on the project sizes or duration. So I think that was the basis of your question.
David Raso: Okay. Thank you very much for the time. I appreciate it.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, David.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning and congrats again Jess.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you.
Tim Thein: Pretty nice of you to hand the keys over to Ted with -- leaving the balance sheet in such good shape. So...
Jessica Graziano: Thank you, Tim. Thank you.
Tim Thein: Yeah. And actually just I was kind of continuing on that Matt. Just as -- you mentioned that accelerating the repo into the third quarter, how are you thinking given where -- I mean what you just outlined for potentially another strong year in 2023 and where the balance sheet likely sits heading into the year. How are you thinking about the priorities beyond the buybacks? There's M&A just maybe an updated view in terms of either M&A. Does the dividend potentially come into the picture? Just maybe a few thoughts on that in terms of how you're thinking about capital returns.
Matt Flannery: Sure Tim. I'll categorize all this as our capital allocation prioritization. So, as you accurately depicted, we will finish a quarter in advance our $1 billion authorization and that was just a great opportunity for us to utilize excess cash that we have. And we'll still live in the bottom if not below the bottom of our leverage range. So we're very comfortably operating in that range and there's no magic to it. If we go below it for a little while that's not a concern of ours either way. The bigger statement I'd like to make is our prioritization of our robust balance sheet usage as well as our free cash flow. And first and foremost, it's to support the business whether that's organically as we've done a lot of this year or through smart M&A. And the opportunities we have to then disperse excess cash is not in any way indicative or a replacement for those first two opportunities. We absolutely can do -- this is an and strategy not an or strategy. We're fortunate that the business is in great shape and the balance sheet as Jess pointed out in our prepared remarks is in shape that we can -- on organic growth we can do some deals and still return excess cash to shareholders. And I won't get ahead of our Board, but as we think about the options in which we can do that we'll update everybody maybe as soon as October.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then maybe Matt just a quick follow-up. Just from a fleet standpoint, how can we -- or how should we think about the -- just given the strength in recovery values what the fleet -- the kind of the composition from a to the extent you're ending you're selling fewer units than you thought how do we think about the fleet from a value versus unit perspective just given how the net CapEx is playing out assuming that makes sense? Is -- how much larger is the fleet than it really is?
Matt Flannery: So, first off, we'll be up somewhere around 10% range at year-end with over $17 billion of fleet approximation when we end the year in 2023. So we'll have a larger fleet. And when we think about the value of that fleet we haven't really seen a tremendous increase. We haven't changed our plug for inflation in our fleet productivity. And even if that picks up a hair and I know we're hearing a lot of noise about that I think the opportunity that we've had and that we've executed on driving strong fleet productivity can offset that. And when I think about what the supply chain is going to look like next year which will kind of be the back half of that question we're already for over a month now early this year earlier this year than usual for sure talking to our OEMs about what our needs are going to be as they try to forecast out what kind of capacity they're going to need to fill the demand. So we're way ahead of the ballgame on planning with our OEMs. I know they're working their tails off not only just to get us the $3 billion that they've committed to us this year which we're on track which is great news, but also for the future. And so I know they're working hard and we have some that are doing better than others. But in aggregate the vendor base is really doing a good job for us and we expect the same in 2023.
Tim Thein: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Matt Flannery: Thanks Tim.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks and good morning everybody.
Matt Flannery: Hey Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: So, Matt you touched on this earlier and I know you like to talk fleet productivity. And I'm not I guess asking for the level on time utilization. But it does seem like -- obviously rate is going up but it feels like there's more to the performance this quarter than just rental rates coming up. And I assume time is hitting new records. For one is that roughly accurate? And for two, is that an operational shift where you've learned how to unlock a little bit more productivity and keep it up, or is it just a super-hot market and people aren't taking top off rent and there's less turnover or something? I'm just wondering if that's a sustainable change if it's there.
Matt Flannery: Yes. In short, Rob, that's a yes and yes, right? So, certainly necessity is the mother of invention here. But all kidding aside I guided in April and I was never so pleased to be wrong that we'd be somewhere in the mid-single digits in fleet productivity. And all three components of fleet productivity whether it be rate mix or time exceeded our expectations. So that's why you see this robust fleet productivity. But the one that was most surprising to me was time because I had said publicly we were in so hot last year in the back half of the year. I'd have been pleased if we repeated it and the team outdid it. So, that was the one that was surprised not numerically the largest value of the three. I'm not saying that. As you know I'm not going to give numbers but it was the most surprising to me because we had a real high bar to get over it. So, that's how I would qualitatively talk about the really strong fleet productivity that we drove.
Rob Wertheimer: And then the sustainability of that, have you learned new ways of getting there to pushing it to new levels? Any comments on how you got there if you could?
Matt Flannery: Yes. As you know because you visited our branch and we talk a lot about it. The technology that we've been embedding in our operations and the efficiency and productivity, that's borne out of that for many, many years, right, starting back as far as 10 years, has really given us an advantage over all the data that we see throughout the industry actors. So, we've always enjoyed time utilization gap to the positive. And part of that is scale, part of that is the network that we have and the density of that network, but it's also embedded by technology, and we've actually improved upon that. So, we do think it's sustainable. Admittedly the team surprised me and set new heights this year, but I don't think that it's not sustainable. At some point, the more interesting part is what is the level of optimal timing? Do we ever get a point where we want to make sure that we're still being as responsive as we are? And all the metrics tell us that's still happening. So, we're very pleased.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Operator, next question?
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on M&A and maybe the smart M&A, as you call them, Matt. You're doing a bunch of bolt-ons. I guess, in general, how are the prospects for larger deals? And related to the bolt-ons, are you kind of seeing increased desire from sellers? Are you doing more bolt-ons, because the larger deals are harder to get done? Is there more something specific things you're targeting that it makes sense to do via bolt-ons? Just a little color there please. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thanks, Steve. And we've always had a pretty diverse and robust pipeline of M&A, and that has not changed. As a matter of fact, it may have even increased a little bit, specifically in some of the bolt-ons, as you call them the smaller ones, where people have fully repaired their businesses from COVID. And now, there's probably a few people out there that would have sold just before COVID, but they weren't going to sell at those low levels. So, those people have repaired their business and have put themselves back on the market. And what you saw our execution on was really just spot opportunities in a given market where our local teams needed some more capacity whether that's people facility or fleet right? And that's the way I'd categorize capacity. But there are some big deals to be had and we're still working that pipeline. It's just a matter of which ones get over the transom right? And when I say smart M&A, it's because it's going to have to fit all three legs of our stool that we've talked about, and that last check on the smart is the financial. So we got to have agreeable terms and a willing seller to get them over the final leg. But we're working the pipeline on both big and small deals.
Steven Fisher: That's helpful. And then, on the CapEx front, what would you have to see to raise your CapEx guidance for this year on the gross side? Is it more near-term demand strength? I mean, it sounds like it's kind of going all out there. Or is it just more confidence that suppliers can deliver?
Matt Flannery: Yes, it would be the latter. There's not a demand issue in any way shape or form. And as a matter of fact, Jess alluded to we've even sold less used to help fill that demand since we -- in a normal year, we would have the OEMs pull forward -- have already had some CapEx pull-forward into Q2. And as you see, we're stuck to our original plan of around 900 and then another 1.1 in Q3. We don't think we're going to have the opportunity to pull any more forward from those numbers. And I'm not -- our suppliers are working real hard to fill that and I know the challenges they have. And that's why you didn't see us raise our CapEx. In a normal supply environment, you probably would have seen some increased CapEx. But we are using the used sales lever and pulled out all the -- any broker and auctions or trade-in. We don't really do a lot of auction and trade-in sales to make sure we use that extra capacity to support the business.
Steven Fisher: Perfect. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Steve.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hey. Good morning, and congrats Jess as well.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you, Seth.
Seth Weber: It was a pleasure to work with you. Yeah. Matt, I'm sorry, you might have just addressed this but -- and I might have missed it. But the CapEx cadence for the second half of the year, can you just talk through that? I mean some of your suppliers are obviously talking about getting constraints getting stuff out the door. I assume third quarter is meaningfully up from the second quarter but is there any way to frame just the cadence of the third quarter versus fourth quarter on gross CapEx?
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure. It will be -- and as we had stated in April, it really hasn't changed our plans. We expect to do about 900 this year, which we're right about there. And then, we do about 1.1 -- I'm sorry, in Q2 900 and about 1.1 in Q3. And we think we're on track to do that. And then that leaves you another depending on where we end up in the range, let's say, 5.5 for fourth quarter. So, our expectations haven't changed all year. And as I stated earlier, we just don't have the opportunity. There's not a lot of wiggle room for the vendors to accelerate or to increase that at this point and that changes -- we've updated everybody. We do not expect that to change in the mid of the rental season, which is Q2 and Q3.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then, just on the used sale margins very, very strong. And I know you called out some mix benefit -- just channel mix benefit. But can you just talk to -- I mean there's obviously a lot of lot of concerns around used equipment pricing, prices that we see, which seems to be inconsistent with the prices that you guys are capturing. So I don't know can you just help people connect those dots as to your confidence in used equipment pricing to stay high for the foreseeable future versus some of the concerns that are out there in the market around pricing rolling over? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yes. Seth this is Ted. I'll take that one. Look in the quarter itself you saw really strong results. So we certainly are not seeing pricing headwinds. On a sequential basis, we were up high single digits. So it's certainly something we'd be keeping an eye on, but it's not something we've seen in our own results.
Matt Flannery: Yes. That's quite contrary, right? We're seeing -- a part of the great strength you see is that we're primarily selling the retail channel. And we've built a unique engine in that way compared to the rest of the industry. So we're not going to stop that, because that's driving great pricing. But even within retail on -- year-on-year retail we're seeing strong pricing. So we've heard a little bit recently about people talk about that rollover. Maybe that's auction driven, but we're not seeing it in our experience or in the retail channel.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, guys. And again, Jess, good luck.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Clay Williams: Hi. Yes. This is Clay Williams on behalf of Jerry. Good morning.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Clay Williams: Can you talk about how General Finance is performing and if the supply availability of containers has eased? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure thing, Clay. Performing very well. If you recall, we had said when we announced that deal that we wanted to double the size of that business in the next five years and we're ahead of schedule. The team is really doing a great job and the supply chain has helped. And ironically, when we initially bought them, that was probably the toughest time for quite some time to get containers and the pricing was up. But things have a remedy for that and the team has taken full advantage. And as you heard on my prepared remarks, such a great job that I wanted to call them out specifically for the growth they're doing. So we're excited to see that the thesis we had around the deal and buying that platform and growing it organically is executing ahead of schedule.
Clay Williams: Yes. And just a follow-up there. Can you talk about what has enabled you to scale that business so quickly ahead of plan across your branches?
Matt Flannery: Our network, right, so relationship with our customers. And these were products that we knew our existing customers, where we had deep relationships with, wanted and now we're able to supply them. And that was a big reason why we looked at adding that product to our mix, with a platform that was big enough, so that we could support most of the network, but also small enough that we could grow it organically and then pay for the multiple that we paid for it. So it's really been a win-win from a strategy perspective and the customer support.
Clay Williams: Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Newman from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning, guys.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Ken Newman: I was just curious, obviously, there's been a lot more concerns around consumer-facing end markets as inflation ramps. I know that that's probably a much smaller part of your business, but maybe just remind us how much of your sales are consumer-facing, whether it be from entertainment or within the commercial segment. And then, just talk a little bit about what you're hearing from customers in terms of whether or not you're seeing any changes in customer behavior.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Ken, I'll take the first part of that for sure. The direct customer -- or consumer-facing parts of our business are really small. I guess, if you look at non-res, which, call it, between public and private it is probably 40% or so of our mix. Some fraction of that might be the component of retail within commercial, but we certainly don't think it's very significant. And frankly, it hasn't been kind of a strong market for a number of years. Obviously, strip malls and businesses like that have been under assault from e-commerce. Some of the aspects that might be more kind of consumer-facing could be things like entertainment. But there we focus on live sporting events that have been quite strong, so think PGA events, auto racing and things of that sort. So the direct piece is very small and I'd say, even the indirect piece is pretty small. Does that answer the first part of the question?
Ken Newman: It does, yes. And then, I think the second part was just around -- go ahead.
Matt Flannery: Yes. As far as customer behavior, which I think the second part was, Ken, we're actually -- because the market is so tight here, we always are about repeat customers building loyalty, building partnerships. And I would say in a tight demand environment -- I mean supply environment for the robust demand, our customers are really relying on that. So we -- our team has done a great job meeting the challenge, but it's in a tight environment. We've got to make sure we come through for those customers and we think that bolsters our relationship selling opportunity and the one-stop shop value that we bring to these customers. And I would say, if anything, the relationship and appreciation of being able to be a one-stop shop has improved.
Ken Newman: Got it. And then, just for my follow-up, real quickly, just to clarify. I know you guys talked a little bit I think, in fact, you had guided to that mid-single-digit fleet productivity number. Just given all the commentary that you've given so far on the quarter, should we start thinking about fleet productivity in the high single digits here into the back half to kind of get to what's embedded in your  in the midpoint of your guide?
Matt Flannery: You beat me to it Ken, absolutely. So I  that's what's embedded. If you use the midpoint that would imply a high single-digit fleet productivity for full year and that's where we think we'll end up.
Ken Newman: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Congrats on the quarter. And Jess and Ted congratulations and best wishes in the new roles.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you.
Scott Schneeberger: You're welcome. The  I guess, that last question was a great segue to my first which would be clearly a very strong year this year and in 2022. And it looks like you're going to be ending the year quite well. So as we think about fleet productivity exiting 2022 and going into 2023, how should we think about the carryover impact? Just any thoughts and magnitude on what we can enter next year carrying? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Well, yes, as you know, Scott, I'll be painfully consistent in not giving quantification of the metrics. But just qualitatively, you're seeing what our other peers are reporting. The whole industry is doing a good job driving fleet productivity including rate. So naturally, there will be some carryover. I'm not going to quantify it, but there'll be some carryover just on the rate alone. And as far as mix and time the team  although, we don't give the numbers the team works really hard on making sure we're driving positive fleet productivity in every metric under their control. And although, the comps on time certainly and I'll sound like a broken record, as I said that, this year will be a challenge. So we expect that to moderate. We still think that there'll be opportunity to well exceed our expectations of that initial 1.5% for fleet productivity.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks, Matt. And I appreciate the qualitative response. And I guess, Jess, where are you in the delivery expense? If you could speak to how in this inflationary environment how that's trended in the first half how you all have been managing that in a tough labor market internalizing transportation versus maybe using third party just commentary on that? And also, how you're managing any pressures with fuel and any new lessons learned on the go forward? Thanks.
Ted Grace: Yeah. Scott, this is Ted. So certainly, if you look at our results in the first half both first and second quarter, it would be embedded in that ancillary line item that Jess called out in her script and you can see in our financials. And from that standpoint, you can certainly see, it's had kind of a  it's been considerably positive call it contribution margin from the entire ancillary line items would be running in call it the  probably, the upward 30s. So certainly, we've been able to manage all that very effectively. And as a reminder, only a component of that entire line item that you see in ancillary would be isolated to the fuel component of pickup and delivery. But I think it makes the point that the team has done a great job of passing that through to customers and making sure that we've been able to at a minimum protect margin. Does that help with the fuel piece?
Scott Schneeberger: Yeah. That's great. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Ted Grace: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Congrats Jess and best of luck to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks Mig.
Mig Dobre: So I'm going to try to kind of ask a question that a few folks have hinted at already. If we're sort of looking at your revenue guidance for the back half of the year the implied guidance assumes here about another $1 billion of revenue. And you've been running quite well year-to-date, especially in the second quarter in terms of all the metrics surrounding the fleet. So I'm wondering, how are you thinking about the moving pieces as to what generates this sequential lift of revenue? Is it time you would still? Is it maybe a little more rate? Is it fleet? What are some of the moving pieces there?
Ted Grace: Yeah. Mig, this is Ted. I would say it's all of the above, right? I mean, it's certainly, the expectation that we're going to have more fleet on rent as an example. It's the idea that we'll certainly have positive fleet productivity. And certainly, you'll see  the used sales are obviously implied to also be up in the second half versus the first half as we've held back fleet in the first half to make sure we're satiating customer demand. So I don't know that, I would pinpoint it to kind of one or two variables. It's really kind of a continuation of the fact that, the business is performing very well and matching the seasonal curve that we would usually see in our industry, right? So Q3 is always that lift up from Q2 and admittedly to your point off a high base, but we think a lot of that momentum will continue.
Mig Dobre: And you anticipated, where I was going to go with this. Is there a comment you want to make Q4 relative to Q3? Is there  should we expect Q4 to be high relative to Q3? And again, I'm just sort of asking as to what's baked into your assumptions. Who knows how it's going to play out?
Ted Grace: Yes. What's baked into our assumptions is consider the normal seasonal patterns that we usually enjoy, but now at a higher level, partly driven by a little bit more fleet than we thought by selling less used although the bigger needle mover is the strong fleet productivity. So we've created a higher base off which to go to. But if you look at the curve overall, we expect the year and implied in this guidance is the standard seasonality just off a higher base.
Mig Dobre: And I'm sorry to be a stickler for this. It's just that seasonality has been kind of screwed up with COVID and everything else that came from that. So, can you maybe remind me as to what the normal seasonality that you're referring to would look like?
Ted Grace: Yes. Mig, I mean I don't have those numbers off the top of my head. But certainly, if you were to look at kind of the sequential revenue patterns, historically that would be a reasonable way to think about normal seasonality.
Mig Dobre: Okay. And then my final question. You obviously sound very optimistic about 2023. And within that context, I'm kind of curious as to how you're approaching your CapEx discussions with your partners. Is it reasonable for people to think that CapEx is going to be up in terms of demand for you '23 relative to '22? And I'm curious, are you getting OEMs to commit to firm pricing, or is it just a discussion around production slots at this point? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, I'll take the latter part of your question. We're simply talking about the production slots right now. I don't -- to be fair to our partners, I don't think they know what their costs are going to be at the time. It's really to prepare all the raw material get ready to build these assets. So, we're focused on production. We'll expect to get win-wins with our partners as usual. Ted, I don't know if you want to take the first part of the question.
Ted Grace: Sorry. Mig, could you repeat it again?
Mig Dobre: Yes. You guys obviously sound really good about '23 and I'm wondering, if we should be expecting CapEx to be up at this point.
Ted Grace: Look, I think it's early to kind of get ahead of guidance on '23. But certainly from our tone, you can hear we feel pretty good about the outlook looking certainly through the end of '22. In terms of what that translates to we'll have an update in January. And certainly -- and we'll be working on the '23 plan, as we get into the fourth quarter, so certainly more to come there.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Just to be clear, we do expect 2023 to be a growth year. We're just not ready to give details on that. We've got a whole lot of work to do from ground-up planning process that will start this fall and we'll finalize in the fourth quarter.
Mig Dobre: Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: And with that, it appears there are no further questions. I'd like to turn it back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thank you everyone for joining us. We're happy to share such a strong midyear outlook and we'll have more when we talk again in October. And in the meantime, you can reach out to Ted any time with your questions or comments. Operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rental's Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control. And consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the Company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. I want to frame my comments today around one word, demand. 2022 is shaping up to be a year of record demand for our services, and this is the driving force behind the strong first quarter results we reported, and it underpins our decision to update our guidance. As you saw yesterday, we now expect our total revenue, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow to be above our original outlook. This reflects the positive impact of the new cycle we talked about in January, and we're excited to continue that conversation today. I'll start with some highlights in the quarter. It became clear that this was not typical seasonality. Our rental revenue tends to be down from Q4 to Q1 as winter section, and that's true for the industry as well. But this year, we saw only about half of that normal decline. And as you may recall, we brought in more fleet than usual at the end of last year, and that capacity helped us to capitalize on demand and deliver strong results in key metrics. Our first quarter rental revenue and adjusted EBITDA both increased by 31% year-over-year to record levels, and we improved our adjusted EBITDA margin by 270 basis points to 45%. This gave us a strong flow-through of 57% for the quarter. And we also drove a 200 basis point improvement in return on invested capital to 10.9%. And while the numbers speak for themselves, it's the drivers behind the numbers that we want to focus on today. First, the underlying macroeconomic growth, which continues to move in the right direction, also, the sustained rebound in many of our end markets coming out of COVID; and lastly, rental penetration in the construction and industrial sectors. We expect all three tailwinds to continue for the foreseeable future. We're also confident that we're gaining share with key customers as we leverage our ability to solve their problems. This is the best way to further differentiate United Rentals in the customer's eyes. And importantly, we see runway here as well. And there's a future tailwind emerging from the infrastructure legislation. We're starting to have conversations with customers about federal projects that should kick off in 2023. And it's a diverse mix with projects for road and bridge work, water control, harbors and ports, and also on the power grid. I also want to call attention to something that may not be so apparent on the surface, which is just how good our team is at managing growth. When demand ramps up in our business, it requires a tremendous amount of operating discipline, especially with customer service. We're very fortunate to have a world-class team standing behind our strategy. There's tangible value to this, and we set the Company up to be opportunistic, and our people excel at execution. I'll give you some quick examples. The first quarter gave us a big lever for growth, with demand running above seasonality. We have the right people and the right fleet in place to pull that lever. And as a result, we achieved a 13% year-over-year increase in fleet productivity, with strong incremental flow-through to the bottom line. The team also excelled at safety, keeping our recordable rate below one for the quarter while safely on-boarding and training over 1,400 new employees. On the ESG front, we made headway on a number of initiatives. For example, in March, we added power bank systems to our fleet. These lithium battery packs have zero emissions and replaced some of the diesel fuel used by generators. The OEMs are beginning to move faster with R&D, which should make hybrid and electrical solutions more viable on job sites, and we welcome that because we're firmly committed to a sustainable future that makes sense for our customers. So stay tuned for more updates on that going forward. To flesh out the backdrop for everything I just described, our operating environment is, in many ways, the same positive broad-based outlook we shared with you in January, but with an extra layer of visibility. Our line of sight for the balance of '22 has improved based on what we saw in Q1, including the number of projects underway, with solid backlogs and the level of customer bid activity. Not surprisingly, our customer confidence index improved as well, and the underlying data supports it. All of our regions had significant double-digit increase in rental revenue. In fact, year-over-year growth in the first quarter outpaced the growth we saw in Q4. Another positive indicator is the continued strength in the pricing environment for used equipment. When we made a strategic decision to sell less equipment in the quarter relative to our initial plans to make sure we could take care of the customers in the robust demand we were seeing. But when you look at what we did sell, our OEC recovery levels improved from the fourth quarter, and our used margins set a new record. More broadly, the data on construction starts and backlogs, the ABI and the Dodge Momentum Index all remain positive. In fact, it's hard to find a leading construction indicator that isn't flash in green right now. We factored all of this into our guidance, along with some projected headwinds like inflation. We're not immune to the challenges in the macro, but we mitigated the impact of inflation in Q1, and we're confident that we'll continue to manage through any challenges successfully. So that's the big picture. And I'll round it out with some details at the market level. In the first quarter, our rental revenue from non-res construction was up 28% year-over-year, and infrastructure was up 17%. Industrial also trended up, with 13% year-over-year growth. And that 13% growth is encouraging because industrial was on its way to recovery before the pandemic hit. Once the supply chain is sorted out, we expect that industrial like infrastructure will be another sizable runway for us beyond 2022. Our Specialty segment had another excellent quarter led by our power business. Every specialty line delivered double-digit year-over-year growth in rental revenue, and the segment as a whole grew almost 48%, including the benefit from General Finance. It's been 11 months since we completed that acquisition. In the mobile storage and modular office business is clicked right into place. We've given these specialty businesses more resources, and they're cross-selling ahead of schedule. This has all the hallmarks of a home run for our customers. When we said at the time we closed that deal that we wanted the double size of that business in five years while 11 months in, we're firmly on track to make that happen. Additionally, in specialty, we opened 13 cold starts in the fourth quarter -- in the first quarter towards our target of about 40 cold starts this year. So to sum it up, I've conveyed the scope of the market opportunity going forward and our competitive positioning to capture that growth. The prevailing trends that matter to our business are market-driven, and our markets are healthy. It's why we've been bullish about this year from day one and why we raised our guidance when demand continued to track above our initial forecast. 2022 is off to a very strong start with all the makings of a year of record results. Now, Jess will go over those results, and then we'll go to Q&A. Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I'll build on Matt's comments by saying we are very pleased to have delivered record first quarter results across virtually every financial metric. That momentum carrying into the second quarter, along with strong customer confidence and our increasing visibility, supports the raise to our 2022 guidance for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. I'll share more on our updated guidance in a bit. Let's start with a closer look at the results for the first quarter. Rental revenue for the first quarter was a record $2.18 billion. That's up $508 million or 30.5% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased $392 million or about 28%. Our average fleet size was up 16.4%, which provided a $231 million tailwind to revenue. Fleet productivity was better by a healthy 13%, contributing $183 million, and fleet inflation of 1.5% was a drag on revenue of $22 million and rounds out the change in OER. Also within rental, ancillary revenues in the quarter were higher by about $99 million or 43%, which is mainly due to increased recovery of delivery fees and other pass-through charges. Re-rent was up $17 million. Used sales for the quarter were $211 million, a decline of $56 million or about 21% from the first quarter last year. We decided to sell less fleet so far this year, mainly to support the robust rental demand we've seen through the first quarter that we expect will continue into our busy season. The market for our used equipment continued to be very strong, supported primarily through better pricing and a higher percentage of fleet sold through our most profitable retail channel. Adjusted used margin was 57.8%, which represents sequential improvement of almost 560 basis points and year-over-year improvement of just over 1,500 basis points. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.14 billion, another record for us and an increase of 30.5% year-over-year or $266 million. The dollar change includes a $317 million increase from rental. Now in that, OER contributed $278 million. Ancillary was up $37 million, and re-rent added $2 million. Used sales helped adjusted EBITDA by $8 million, while other non-rental lines of business provided $11 million. FC&A was a headwind to adjusted EBITDA of $70 million driven in part by higher commissions on higher revenue. And as expected, we saw certain discretionary costs continue to normalize. Also coming in as expected were adjusted EBITDA margin and flow-through for the first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA margin was a solid 45.1%, up 270 basis points year-over-year, with a strong flow-through of 57%. This reflects, in large part, excellent cost discipline across the business as we manage inflation, including in areas like delivery and fuel. Increased fleet productivity and higher used margins also helped to offset not just inflation pressures, but the impact of normalizing costs like overtime and T&E. I'll shift to adjusted EPS, which was a company best of $5.73 for the first quarter. That's up 66% or $2.28 versus last year, primarily from higher net income. Looking at CapEx, gross rental CapEx was $482 million in Q1, which is higher than a typical first quarter and followed the fourth quarter last year where we brought in a record amount of fleet. And to Matt's earlier point, we've managed our fleet levels to service robust customer demand. So while our fleet levels grew sequentially in what is typically our slowest time of the year, we've put that additional fleet to work, supporting the 13% increase in fleet productivity I mentioned earlier. Our proceeds from used equipment sales were $211 million, resulting in net CapEx in the first quarter of $271 million. That's up $243 million versus the first quarter last year. Now turning to ROIC, which was a healthy 10.9% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's up 60 basis points sequentially and 200 basis points year-over-year. Importantly, our ROIC continues to run comfortably above our weighted average cost of capital. Let's turn to free cash flow and the balance sheet. We generated $572 million in free cash flow in the first quarter after investing a record amount in CapEx. We've continued to delever the balance sheet, which is rock solid. Leverage was 2.0x at the end of the first quarter, down 20 basis points sequentially and 30 basis points from first quarter 2021. I'll note that our leverage is currently at the lowest level in our history. Liquidity at the end of the quarter was a very strong $3 billion. That's made up of ABL capacity of just over $2.9 billion and cash of $101 million. A quick note on our share repurchase program. We spent $262 million through March 31 on our current $1 billion program, having bought back just over 800,000 shares. We still expect to finish that program this year. Let's look forward now and talk about our updated guidance for 2022, which we shared in our press release last night. Total revenue is now expected in the range of $11.1 billion to $11.5 billion or an increase of $450 million. That shared a number of insights on the demand environment, and that is what underlies this raise, broad demand we are seeing across the geographies in which we operate and the end markets we serve. We have confidence that we can capitalize on that strength in our end markets and flow that through to the bottom line. That will come largely from a combination of better fleet productivity and a continued focus on costs as we manage inflation in our business. As a result, we have raised our adjusted EBITDA range to be $5.2 billion to $5.4 billion, up $250 million from our previous guidance. At the midpoint, we will increase EBITDA margin by 150 basis points and delivered strong flow-through for the year of about 56%. Our range for growth and net CapEx is unchanged. We still expect to source $3 billion of gross CapEx at the midpoint. Now similar to our actions in the first quarter, for the full year, we expect to sell less fleet than planned given the demand opportunity. However, we expect proceeds on those sales will remain consistent with our original guidance considering the current strength in our used market. That leaves our net CapEx guide unchanged as well. And finally, our free cash flow guidance has increased $200 generate between $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion. That increase is mainly due to higher operating profit expected for our business this year. Now, let's get to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Raso. Your line is open.
David Raso: My question leads to the decision for the gross CapEx. The decision not to increase the gross CapEx, how much of that is a conscious decision focusing a bit maybe a little more on margins and returns versus just the inability from what you're hearing from your suppliers to get higher in the rest of the year above the original plan?
Matt Flannery: Sure, David. Well, the margins and returns are always going to be the first focal points in any year. But specifically, even with the demand environment that we're having right now, we pulled a little bit -- as you know, we spent a lot in Q4, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we got ahead some running start. Then we even pulled a little bit more into Q1 to feed that strong demand. Unfortunately, we don't think we're going to have that same opportunity in Q2 as the Q3 orders are just not going to be able to be pulled forward. So, it is certainly -- our suppliers are working real hard to keep pace with the orders we have. I just don't think we're going to have the opportunity to accelerate. What that does, to your point, it gives a great opportunity for us to continue to focus on returns and margins. And I think that's what our updated guidance tells you we're focused on.
David Raso: With that being a focus, and I know the comps get harder on the time utilization, but how should we think about the cadence of fleet productivity the rest of the year?
Matt Flannery: On fleet -- you broke out a little bit. I assume you're talking about fleet productivity.
Steven Fisher: Yes. Correct. Fleet productivity.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, as we talked about in January, we were going to have tailwinds on absorption/time here in Q1. And we did and we even exceeded our expectations as we talked about how this was a much different seasonal drop from a Q4 to Q1 rent revenues, then would be normal -- almost half of what normally would happen. So, that really drove that 13%. We'll lose that tailwind in Q2 through 4 here as we really got hot last year in quarters two through four. So, we'd be pleased to match that level of absorption. That leaves us full year still with a great opportunity to drive mid-single-digit fleet productivity. We don't try to forecast that, but just to help people see what's the gap between a very robust 13% and a full year number that'll probably look more like mid-single digits is really just the comps.
David Raso: And lastly for me, the incrementals for the year, right, you're targeting about 56%. Just curious, now that you have this level of visibility for the rest of '22, and we can debate what '23 is going to bring, but just from the way you played out the rest of the year in your budgeting, how should we just -- early stages, I'm not asking for '23 EBITDA incremental guidance, but just a sense of how much do you feel this 56% is sort of a sustainable rate? Or is it a little bit more about, hey, this is a year where it's still a little more focused on rate that could help drive the margins, maybe some year-over-year cost relief, relatively speaking, versus rate? Just trying to get a sense of how to absorb what is obviously a pretty impressive incremental that you're targeting for the whole year.
Jessica Graziano: David, it's Jess. I'll take that one at least to start. So, we feel pretty good that as we look forward, and to your point, I mean, we haven't even started the budgeting process for 2023. But I will say as we look forward at what we believe could be another good year for us, another growth year for us in 2023. We also feel really good that we would be -- we would continue to deliver flow-through in that 50% to 60% range, right, with the setup of a very constructive top line and then the cost management that you can expect, we will continue to focus on as we go into 2023. So, I would say, from our perspective, we're confident that with the right environment, we're still delivering this kind of a strong flow-through going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: So you look at your margin performance is up 460 bps on the outline to some of the best you've ever had. And I'm curious how much that -- you kind of touched that on operations to start the call. How much of that was -- rental rates have gotten good, maybe the industry a little constrained, maybe you have a little bit of a advantage through your millions of supply. And how much was just utilization, all the things you work on, on making operations smoother and keeping margins from the other side as volumes have been very strong. So maybe just -- was it at normal price? Or was it the whole package this quarter? That's my question.
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think it was really the whole package what we've been building to supported by robust demand, right? Let's not forget, top line growth does a lot and haven't set ourselves up to take advantage of that top line growth in a profitable way is really important. But that's not a light switch. We've been -- even though we don't talk about the components of fleet productivity individually, we certainly focus at the field level on those components on a daily -- some would say hourly basis. And we've built the tools for the team to be able to do that. So that's really what underlies it, the demand and the discipline to run the business effectively. And I'm very pleased that the industry is doing the same. Overall, I'm very pleased with the growth and the professionalism and the discipline of the industry as a whole. And I think that's what's driving these kind of margins as well as everything you know from having visited our stores, right? The processes that we've developed over many, many years, many of them embedded, if not all of them embedded and supported by technology improvements. So, really pleased.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Fisher. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Great. So with your view of mid-single digits on fleet productivity for the year, that obviously reflects a big slowdown from the 13% because, as you said, you've got the tough comps against really strong utilization last year. So, I guess maybe just to kind of frame for people, you can just remind us of the metrics that you're really trying to manage to and how much moderating fleet productivity matters to what you're really trying to achieve here because I don't know if you're anticipating somewhere in that back part of the year, fleet productivity being kind of negative or zero in any quarter, but how much does that matter to really what you're trying to achieve?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So -- and I know it gets a role -- I'll try to be helpful because I know as we've changed fleet productivity, it's a little confusing for some. But to be very clear, nothing is slowing down. There is a comp issue that we will no longer enjoy as we got really busy last year. So, fleet productivity is a year-over-year metric. Now, we do not -- certainly don't expect -- I very rarely say certain, but I'm pretty certain we're not going to have negative fleet productivity at any point this year. That would be inconsistent with the supply-demand dynamics and everything that we've talked about. All we're stating is from the time utilization comp that we no longer have, we're going to be relying on the other two factors alone to drive fleet productivity, but there will still be significant opportunities and will probably come in somewhere around mid-single digits. That's really how we're guiding people towards its fleet. Not a slowdown in any way, shape or form.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, it seems like you've been able to manage fuel costs fairly real time. Can you just kind of give us a sense of what it is that differentiates your ability to manage that so well and some of the other cost inflation that you seem to be managing pretty well?
Jessica Graziano: Steve, it's Jess. So the first thing I'd say is the opportunity to pass some of those costs through, right, gives us that ability to absorb the increase and protect the P&L first. And then second, I would say, Matt mentioned a couple of minutes ago about the processes that we have and the technology that underscores those processes. Built within our technologies is the a fuel calculator that basically stays real time or as close to real time as possible with the changes in fuel prices that we then use as part of the equation for how we charge through delivery cost and delivery recovery. So, we're able to keep pace using technology across the network in ensuring that we're covering as much of that pass-through cost as possible.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Gilardi. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Could you talk a little bit more about the growth you're seeing on the industrial side of the business? And what are some of the more structural pockets of -- that are driving the business, be it semiconductor capacity installation, BV technology, anything like that?
Matt Flannery: Yes. It's pretty broad, like most of the rest. I'd say chemical and energy leading the way, oil and gas. But the point I made about industrial is, if you guys remember, pre-pandemic, right, industrial had a couple of tough choppy years. We're starting to rebound just before the pandemic, and then it all got stalled. So those are markets that were stressed. And now to see that we have 13% growth in the beginning of green shoots, I really believe specifically in some of the end markets we're focused on, like downstream, like chemical, right, they're really going to start taking off, and we think it's going to create a future tailwind next year. And that's really the point that we're making about industrial overall. Now non-res, as you all know, I mean, non-res is up 28% for us, as I said in my prepared remarks. That's been running really hot. And this is without tailwinds, all these numbers of infrastructure, which we feel is coming. And we haven't even talked about on-shoring, which is another great opportunity as the world tries to figure out how to work through supply chains. There's a lot of conversation and hopefully funding put behind that opportunity here in North America.
Ross Gilardi: All right. Great. And then one of your suppliers in particular is talking about a transition evolution more to formula-based pricing. And are you hearing that consistently from all of your major suppliers? And does that make it harder to circumvent the cost inflation into next year on equipment? And are you doing anything in terms of committing to longer-term supply agreements to dampen the cost inflation into 2023?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So, we always talk to our vendors about opportunities and challenges on both ends, including rising costs, commodities. So it theoretically makes sense. We haven't put -- seen that put into practice for us, but we'll see what it brings. I love tying costs and pricing together as long as it's two-way street, but we'll see. We're open here. We talk a lot with our partners. We haven't really delved into that specific topic with them, but it's important for us to have open dialogue on that. And theoretically, I really like the idea of tying costs and pricing that directly together.
Ross Gilardi: All right. And then, Matt, maybe just lastly, what specifically are you hearing on U.S. federal infrastructure into next year? I mean do we have shovel-ready projects like ready to go by the end of '22? Or anything -- any subtle timing shifts that you've learned about relative to what you guys said last quarter?
Matt Flannery: No shifts, but I would say we always kind of thought it was going to start in '23. We're starting to hear more real planning type conversations where it's no longer just a discussion about when the funding is going to come, but people are starting to plan how they're going to activate materials, labor. So, not anything new, not anything that people don't have access to. But certainly, I'd say a louder more steady drumbeat.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jerry Revich. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Really nice performance from a free cash flow statement guidance and also on the balance sheet. I'm wondering if you could just update us on what your M&A pipeline looks like in specialty versus general rental versus how you're thinking about buyback from here?
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll take the M&A part, and let's just speak to the buyback. The M&A -- probably boring for you to hear it, but it's true. The M&A pipeline remains robust. And we look at a broad spectrum of opportunities, including looking for those gems like General Finance that also would add new products to our portfolio. So, we're on the lookout. We don't have anything that's imminent right now, but the pipeline is robust, and we've had a couple of small deals that we've finalized here in Q1. And we're working the whole gamut, and we do certainly have a lean to specialty, specifically specialty that will add new product lines because using GFN as an example, it's really easy for us to grow those businesses once we put them into our network. And then Jess could speak to you on the share repurchase.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So, as I mentioned earlier, we're $262 million into the $1 billion program. We're going to keep buying against that program. We'll finish it this year. You can expect us to continue to buy it in our normal way, right, with pretty consistent buys over the period. And we'll definitely look to finish that program this year. What comes after that, we'll see. We'll talk to our Board, and we'll let you guys know accordingly.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Great. And then, just the transition to the EBITDA margin performance this quarter. If we were to apply just normal seasonality off of the run rate that you folks delivered here, that would get a couple of hundred basis points of upside to your full year margin guidance. So I know it's super early in the year, but are there any onetime type items in the first quarter that might not be helpful over the balance of the year? Or anything we should keep in mind compared to that normal seasonal pattern?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Great question. Jerry, there's actually nothing discrete that we would call out that you should be thinking about as a carry-forward into the rest of the year that affected Q1 or even something that we see affecting the rest of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mig Dobre. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: I want to go back to the fleet productivity discussion. It sounds like time utilization is no longer a lever, or if so, just maybe a pretty modest one. And that mid-single-digit comment that you provided, Matt, is largely driven by pricing, I'm presuming. So I guess my question is, from a pricing standpoint, what are you seeing out there relative to prior cycles? Because my guess would be that given how tight supply-demand of equipment currently is and the fact that we're seeing some pretty unusual inflation in terms of equipment costs, too, pricing right about now should be much, much better than what we have seen over the past decade. So if I look at something like 2012, for instance, you should be able to do at least what you've done in 2012 as far as pricing is concerned. So, I don't know. I'd appreciate some color here and if there's anything maybe that I may be misreading in terms of where we currently are from a pricing ability for the industry.
Matt Flannery: No. I don't think that you're misreading it all, Mig. I think you're dead on as far as the end market and the supply-demand dynamics. Where I think we maybe have to look at this through a different lens is, we did have a disruption technically a little bit in '15 from the time lines that you're speaking to in oil and gas and then, obviously, through COVID, but we didn't have those huge pricing declines, right? 15%, 20% declines that you had when you came out of '08, '09. So it would be normal not to have that kind of bounce back. But don't -- I don't disagree at all with your point about that we have an opportunity here to continue to focus and drive fleet productivity because of the supply-demand dynamics. It just may not be -- I wouldn't set '11, '12 as a baseline for that because there was so much recovery to get back. So -- but I think you heard from the others that report pricing is -- you've had both -- actually in the last two days, you've had both ends of that spectrum of the mid-single digits. And I think that's consistent with what the industry should be able to achieve, and we're very focused on.
Mig Dobre: Yes. No, I appreciate the point on comps. Then my follow-up, I got to go back to CapEx as well, gross CapEx. And at least optically, at the midpoint of your guidance, your gross CapEx is flat relative to what you've done last year. And I'm presuming that equipment pricing is probably up year-over-year. So again, I'm going to ask the same question that's been asked. Given the fact that the business is doing well, why should we be looking at flat gross CapEx year-over-year? What's the constraining factor? And then if there is a constraining factor, should we be thinking for maybe increased spend in '23 as maybe OEM's ability to convert on backlogs and delivery equipment hopefully increases?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So first, I'll touch on the first phase of the part about it being flat. Just remember how back-loaded that CapEx was to get to the $3 billion last year, a little bit of a misnomer. You could take whatever number you decide, would have been a normal Q4 last year. Whether it was -- we took in an additional $350 million or $400 million, that's really was a running start into this year. So you could comp those numbers differently if you wanted to. But technically, by the calendar, you're accurate. It would connote a flat year-over-year spend. There's certainly -- we certainly have more fleet than we started than that would note in this year. As far as the suppliers, I don't want to pick those guys up. They're working their tails off to keep pace with what already was high expectations of fleet. And we did a lot of planning early on so that they can even support a $3 billion CapEx year. And I just don't think it's realistic that they're going to be able to change the delivery slots right now for us to pull forward. And I said this earlier, our back half capital into the front half, which is really when it matters. Now if we decide at the end of this year that we let some more CapEx flow in Q4, maybe this number goes up, but it's not relevant to our conversation about this year's guidance. And that's why we think that the way we -- we're communicating it is accurate to -- for the expectations that we expected to live.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Newman. Your line is open.
Ken Newman: Once you go back to the leverage, obviously, it's back to the lowest level. I think you have on record. I know you talked a little bit about capital deployment priorities, but I wanted to ask a little bit more of a longer-term question and how we should be thinking about the leverage profile if closer to 2x is kind of the normal, or is there opportunities to drive that even lower?
Jessica Graziano: We're very comfortable, right, with where the leverage is right now. And as we even think about it looking forward, the priority for us from a cap allocation perspective is going to be to fund growth, right, and to have the dry powder available to be able to support M&A that makes sense for us to continue to grow the business from an inorganic perspective supporting the robust organic growth that you see us delivering this year. So our priority is going to be growth, it's going to remain growth. And we're going to want to make sure that we have that dry powder available to be able to action deals that make sense for us going forward. And we shared on a couple of calls ago, there's nothing magical about falling below 2x for any period of time. Instead, what we'll do is we'll look at what our pipeline looks like, how we can continue to supplement the growth of the business, what that cash need could and then. Again, together with our Board, talk about where there may be excess cash available with leverage in a good place, what does that look like for us to do other returns like a share repurchase program and maybe a dividend in the future. But at this point right now, we're good with continuing with the leverage range we have and keeping focus on growing this business organically and inorganically.
Ken Newman: Got it. And then just going back, I think you talked about incremental market share gains in the quarter. Obviously, you were able to pull forward some fleet into the quarter to maybe service some of that demand. Do you have an idea -- or is there a way that you can help us kind of bring out just how much share you think you're taking in this environment relative to some of your smaller competitors?
Matt Flannery: Not too early, right, not reliable data, but I think this has been a consistent theme of the industry where through growth funding, right, leveraging scale and consolidation. The top half of the industry continues to take more share, and we think, as we said before, the big is getting bigger is good for the industry. And I think it's proven out here in this cycle, the way that we respond to COVID and now the way that the supply-demand dynamics are being treated responsibly as well. So I don't have numbers that I would point to that are any different than what we have in our deck from last year, but I'd say the big is getting bigger is a trend that's been going on for quite some time and will continue.
Ken Newman: Yes. If I could just ask one more here, I just want to go back to your comments on the infrastructure conversations you're having with your larger customers. I'm trying to get a better sense of just the magnitude of some of these larger projects as you kind of look out into 2023. And obviously, the market is becoming a little bit more cautious on economic conditions. My view is that, if things were to come to a hard landing, infrastructure is probably a little bit more of a resilient catalyst for you given that the funding is already out there. So, maybe a two-part question here. One, do you agree with that? And then two, if that's the case, do you feel like you have the ability to secure a fleet or bring forward and service that demand if those projects are brought forward a little bit?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I absolutely agree with you that it will be more resilient. And I think especially how much of this would be there for this work to be done, I absolutely think it would move forward in just about any environment. And as far as the fleet, we feel very comfortable. And remember that we serve -- 90% of the fleet we serve to this are the same type of assets we have already in our fleet. So they're very fungible. We can move and add as necessary. And most importantly, it's assets that our team is very comfortable supporting to the end market. And by next year, I mean, I expect, hopefully, by the end of this year, that the supply chain will be sorted out. I have no concerns about us being able to fund these projects.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stanley Elliott from Stifel. Your line is open.
Stanley Elliott: Quick question. You talked about the power bank and, literally, lithium battery packs. Is this something more that you're seeing your customers request from you? You've obviously made a big move on ESG. And then curious how those products rank in terms of the return on invested capital metrics that you guys follow so closely versus the rest of some of your other fleet?
Matt Flannery: So, I would say there are pockets of customers that are pulling in this direction, right? And it's usually because of where they're working, but also because they have their own goals, right, their own ESG goals and what they want to do in being a good responsible company in the world, and we want to support that. So, I'd say the OEMs are the real drivers here to help support this need and this desire, and then we're a conduit between the OEMs, but we're a conduit that's very active. And we're going to partner with OEMs and partner with customers to try new stuff. It's going to take some incremental funding that's tremendous, but moneys that we'll spend. At some point, the real viability of all this is going to be scale. And then the OEMs can build it more effectively and efficiently, and we can get the benefit of these new products and technologies into the marketplace broad-based. And I think that's -- once that happens, it won't be just a pull. It could be table stakes. So, we're excited to be part of that. And I don't know how long it's going to take, but it's good to see some movement happening, and we're going to participate aggressively in that move.
Jessica Graziano: And for the second part of your question, Stanley. To Matt's point, I think, we -- it's a little premature -- just a little too early yet to be able to see the full view on the return profile of these particular categories of fleet. Once we get to scale, then we'll have a better view of consistent or complementary or greater ROIC that would come from the investment in these types of categories of fleet.
Stanley Elliott: Yes. It's certainly small. But I think over the longer term, it does feel like that could be a nice tailwind to ROIC. Switching gears on the 40 specialty branches. Will this be more new locations to kind of help you build out the storage in the office piece? Or is this more across the broader portfolio? And then, I guess, given the differences in some of the product -- some of the newer specialty size, I guess, is it more difficult to find real estate and also get product shipped in?
Matt Flannery: So, it is across the board, but certainly, we're going to participate in that opportunity to grow our modular footprint in mobile storage, but it's across the board. It's those -- that team. And as far as real estate, it's actually -- it depends on the product line. It's -- but it's always a challenge, but we have a team working hard on that challenge, and we're comfortable there. The last piece of fleet, it's no different than the rest of supply chain, although I'd say steel boxes are easy to get right now than anything that has engines or chips. So, we've actually, after a slow start for the modular team and when we first bought them last year, really have ramped up -- even in the back half of last year, they already started loosening up. So that team is getting fed pretty aggressively and doing a great job. And I feel the growth of our specialty will be able to be supported. I think the OEMs are working through, and we feel comfortable supporting these cold starts this year and beyond.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. On the theme of specialty, I think you all back in 2019, we're targeting five years out about $3 billion of specialty revenue at the end of last year and then commentary today on the call that GFN is going well and feel really good about doubling that within five years. So I'm just curious, maybe a progress update, Matt, on where you think specialty is in the next few years and how much of that is organic. I know it was addressed earlier on M&A. They usually are big targets out there. But just thoughts on organic and how you get there, and please put in any M&A comments as well.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So as you can hear, it's an end strategy for us, right, not an old strategy on organic and acquisition. But the part that we control is the organic. So, we don't need anybody else to dance with us to do that. So we've been very aggressive with cold starts over the past few years in specialty. And specifically in the modular storage and storage business, we really have a lot of white space to grow in organically. But we're growing all of our specialties with cold starts, and we feel comfortable about that growth. We've been saying this for a while now. Power, who's one of the more established specialties still showing tremendous growth, and we think that penetration is part of the story, even for those that are moving along the maturity level of filling out their distribution points. So, we're at different levels depending on product. But all in, still have a lot of opportunity, both in filling and white space and more secular penetration with our specialty products. So, we feel good about it.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Appreciate that. And just as a follow-up, oil and gas obviously performing very well right now, you said it earlier in this call that back in '15, '16, there was oil price impact. We're at the other end of the spectrum right now. Just curious how your -- maybe some commentary on how it's going, percent of revenue and any limitations on size you want in that business given the cyclicality nature of it or what you see as far as driving the wave here?
Matt Flannery: Sure. And we'll look at oil and gas in two spots, right? We'll separate the upstream and the downstream. But overall, oil and gas grew, when you just look at upstream, downstream and midstream, 19% in Q1. So, that's what we're talking about. They're showing great growth. But the area where we're even more focused on will support the upstream for the right customers. And I think you've heard us say, we'll manage how far and how hard we go with that business. But downstream is a totally different animal for us. We're inside the gates in so many of these refineries and had such long-standing strong relationships with these folks, that, that's going to be supported with all of our might. And so we're excited about that. As I said earlier, those markets have been down for a while, and to see that growing right now is really important. As far as the percentage of our business, energy, all in, is about 10% of our total revenues with, as I mentioned earlier, downstream being about half of that. So, it's -- this is a big part of our opportunity of future growth.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Just a -- tying together a couple of questions here from what you guys have touched on a little bit. But just -- I noticed the specialty CapEx was more than 25% of your total for the quarter, I think 27%, which is a pretty high number relatively. So is that kind of the right mix to think going forward for this year? Because one of the -- the flip side of like why aren't you adding more fleet is there is -- there are some concerns about just equipment supply in market. So if it's a bigger slug of your CapEx is actually specialty that might help people understand that it's not all gen rent. So, can you just talk to the mix -- the CapEx mix going forward?
Matt Flannery: Sure. And that mix isn't too far off of the way that the revenues are distributed. So maybe bolstered a little bit by the fact that we were able to get stuff like containers faster, right? They're not really supply constraints there. So some of the specialty products we were able to accelerate when you look at it by the quarter. But full year, that's not too far off of how we look at how we want to fund specialty. And part of it is the cold starts, but part of it is the continued opportunity and growth opportunity they have in the network. So, it might dampen a hair from there, but not tremendously. And we're all in on supporting our specialty growth as well as our full portfolio gen rent growth.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. And then, Matt, in your prepared remarks, you talked about cross-selling with General Finance and the Specialty business. Are there any metrics that you can give us around cross-selling or share of wallet with some of your national customers or anything that you could share to that would help us understand the progress that you're making there?
Matt Flannery: That's a little too much secret sauce for my liking on open mic. But all kidding aside, we think that -- not anything that think we're going to share publically but we think the philosophy behind having a broader portfolio, solving more problems for customers, has been key to our strategy for many, many, many years. And we're just continuing to further that line of thinking with adding new products and a broader network. So, not metric-driven, but certainly retention-driven, and we're really pleased with the level of retention that cross-sell brings as well as growth. So, very pleased.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Just a couple of really quick clean ups. I think you said seasonality in the first quarter was a little better than you expected. Do we get normal seasonality as we move into the second quarter?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think for the -- what we are -- what's embedded within our guidance is what we expected for the normal seasonality in the balance of the year. So, this is really about -- and it was more than just a little bit better. It was, in 31 years, the best I've seen in Q1. So, we're now starting off a higher base and adding our normal seasonality. And that's the way we look at the year, and the trends are heading in that direction. So, I think this updated guide is appropriate.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great. And then, I think you said some discretionary costs normalized in the first quarter. Does that also occur in the second quarter, and then maybe it's sort of done in the second half, but just any thoughts there?
Jessica Graziano: Sure. It'll carry through the year. If you think one of the biggest areas is T&E, that's something that's recovering from essentially nothing during the COVID period. So, we do expect we're going to see that through the end of the year, and that's assumed in our guidance as well. Over time, another area, kind of same phenomenon, if you will.
Operator: And with that, I would like to turn it back to Matt for closing remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. As you can see, we're clearly bullish about how this year is playing out, and we have a high level of confidence in our outlook for 2022. And we'll have more to share in July. So look forward to talking to you then. In the meantime, you can give Ted a call at any time with any questions or comments. With that, have a great day. And operator, could you end the call?
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded.  Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control. And consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release.  For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations.  You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures.  Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. I know there's a lot of interest in 2022. But before I go there, I want to take a look back because the foundation for our current outlook can be found in our 2021 performance.  I'll start with our strong finish to the year. As you saw yesterday, our record results for the quarter solidly outperformed expectations for growth and profitability. We grew fourth quarter rental revenue by 25% year-over-year and total revenue by over 21%. And our adjusted EBITDA was 26% higher than a year ago with a margin improvement of 170 basis points. This translated to a solid flow-through of 55%.  These gains capped a full year performance that was far better than we could have imagined back in January. Our team is firing on all cylinders with strong execution in the field, solid cost control, effective investment in the business and thoughtful management of our resources, starting with our talent base. In short, it's our people who outperformed expectations, and our numbers reflected that.  I want to stay with this theme for a minute and summarize some of the accomplishments for the year. We maintained a strong safety record, finishing with a full year recordable rate of 0.79, and that was while integrating multiple acquisitions. We also grew our net headcount by 12%. Roughly half of that came through M&A.  And the $1.4 billion of capital we allocated to acquisitions is generating attractive returns. In fact, our 2021 return on invested capital improved by 140 basis points to end the year at 10.3. We also generated $1.5 billion of free cash flow last year after investing a record $3 billion of rental CapEx, and we sourced that equipment in the midst of a supply chain disruption.  On the ESG front, our company recently earned an upgrade to an A rating by MSCI. We've received similar scores from other ESG rating agencies, reflecting our commitment to our progressive culture. Environmental, social and governance matters have been drivers of value in our business for more than a decade, and it's gratifying to see that recognized.  Now on to 2022. As you can tell from our guidance, we're very confident in our industry's outlook for strong growth this year. A number of key indicators have been moving the needle higher for months, including the broad recovery in construction and industrial demand, the continued strength of the used equipment market and an economy that's moving in the right direction despite some lingering challenges.  Given these dynamics, it's not surprising that industry sources show a steady increase in confidence among contractors. And our own customer confidence index improved throughout 2021, ending at its highest point at the end of the year.  And importantly, the same optimism was echoed by our field leaders last month as we worked through our annual planning process. And we heard it again at our virtual meeting. We had our annual management meeting virtually 2 weeks ago, and this meeting is always a great opportunity to get everyone aligned on goals and strategies. And it's clear that our people are fired up for the opportunity.  They could see the benefits of the countless improvements that we've made over the past decade, both operationally and also with our customer service. And they know those efficiencies count for a lot as we grow the top line.  The biggest signpost pointing to ongoing growth in 2022 is the diversity of the demand that we're seeing in our end markets. In the fourth quarter, we grew rental revenue by double digits across all of our regions, and all verticals showed positive growth as well. And these were solid increases with rental revenues from nonres construction verticals up 24% year-over-year, and infrastructure up 11%. Industrial also grew 11% with strong gains in refining, metals and minerals and power. And it's notable that both nonres and industrial picked up steam in the back half of '21 with year-over-year rental revenue gains in Q4 coming in higher than those in Q3.  Our specialty segment had another strong performance with every line of business growing double-digit year-over-year. The segment as a whole reported a rental revenue gain of 45%, including a pro forma growth of 28%.  This year, we're planning for around 40 cold starts in specialty following the 30 that we opened this last year. Specialty is key to our competitive differentiation. And given the segment's history of high returns, expansion will continue to be a priority for us.  I'm sharing these numbers to underscore the point I made at the start of my comments that the building blocks for our current outlook were late in 2021. Our core markets have recovered faster than expected. And the underlying construction and industrial forecasts are positive.  The broad-based acceleration in the last 12 months has become the foundation for a new cycle of growth. And for the first time since COVID arrived, we're seeing a sustained improvement in long-term visibility, which gives us some insight into future market conditions. And that's a huge plus for us after 2 years of unchartered waters.  I'll mention a couple of tailwinds on our radar. One, of course, is the infrastructure bill, which will add an additional $550 billion of funding for projects directly in our wheelhouse over the next 5 years. We've been expanding our infrastructure capabilities for years, and we have a rock-solid value proposition with traction in the right verticals for this bill. We expect to see some benefits as early as 2023.  Another tailwind in our future is the relocation of manufacturing operations back to the U.S. Onshoring initially drives demand for construction followed by the need for our industrial services once they're up and running. The pandemic has caused manufacturers to rethink how they operate, and we've already seen some funding for new projects tied to this trend.  Along with the increase in customer demand comes a large responsibility to have equipment available for rent. And I mentioned that we brought in $3 billion of fleet last year when equipment wasn't easy to find. And that was a home run for the company and for our customers. And we're continuing to work with our strategic partners to land a similar amount of fleet this year.  And finally, before Jess goes over the numbers, I want to mention an announcement we made yesterday and a milestone that's coming up later this year. The announcement is our share repurchase program. We expect this program to return $1 billion to shareholders in 2022.  And the milestone I mentioned is our anniversary. United Rentals will turn 25 years old this year. And as you know, we've been a growth story from day 1. Even so, I don't think there's been a time in our history when our strategy, culture and financial strength have been more of an advantage than they are right now in this new cycle.  We have a highly engaged team, a cohesive customer service network and industry-leading scale that matches the market opportunity. We built these levers into the business to create shareholder value, and they did their job in 2021. Now we'll take that to the next level this year and for the foreseeable future.  And with that, I'll ask Jess to cover the results, and then we'll go to Q&A. So Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter results exceeded expectations behind better seasonal trends in rental revenue and continued discipline in costs. We delivered record results with our total revenue, rental revenue and adjusted EBITDA surpassing prepandemic levels for both the quarter and the full year. The momentum we carried out of the quarter is reflected in the growth you see in our 2022 guidance.  And even as we invested record amounts in CapEx last year, we generated a significant amount of free cash flow at just over $1.5 billion, and we expect to generate even more this year. And more in '22 guidance in a bit, let's dive a little deeper first into the results for the fourth quarter.  Rental revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.3 billion, an increase of $458 million or 24.7% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased $345 million or 22.1%. Our average fleet size was up 13.3% or a $207 million tailwind to revenue. Better fleet productivity provided an additional 10.3% or $161 million and rounding out the change in OER is the inflation impact of 1.5%, which was a drag of $23 million.  Also within rental, ancillary revenues in the quarter were up about $92 million or 36%. That's primarily due to increased delivery fees and other pass-through charges. Re-rent was up $21 million.  Used sales for the quarter were $324 million, which was up $49 million or about 18% from the fourth quarter last year. And the used market continues to be very strong, which supported higher pricing and margin in the fourth quarter.  Adjusted used margin was 52.2%, which represents a sequential improvement of 190 basis points and a year-over-year improvement of 970 basis points. Our used proceeds in Q4 recovered a very healthy 60% of the original cost for fleet that averaged over 7 years old.  Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just over $1.3 billion, an increase of 26% year-over-year or $272 million. The dollar change includes a $282 million increase from rental. And in that, OER contributed $245 million. Ancillary was up $33 million, and re-rent added $4 million. Used sales helped adjusted EBITDA by $52 million.  SG&A was a headwind to adjusted EBITDA of $58 million, in part from the reset of bonus expense that we've discussed on our prior earnings calls. We also had higher commissions on better revenues and higher T&E, which continues to normalize. Other nonrental lines of business were also a headwind of $4 million.  Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 47.2%. That's up 170 basis points year-over-year with a solid flow-through of 55%. This reflects, in large part, the strong underlying cost performance in the fourth quarter, which absorbs costs that continue to normalize, inflation headwinds and the fourth quarter impact of our bonus reset.  I'll shift to adjusted EPS, which was $7.39 for the fourth quarter. That's up 47% or $2.35 versus last year primarily from higher net income. Looking at CapEx. Gross rental CapEx was $690 million, the largest fourth quarter we've ever had. We put that fleet to work supporting the demand we saw in the quarter, which will carry into the start of 2022.  Our proceeds from used equipment sales were $324 million, resulting in net CapEx in the fourth quarter of $366 million. That's up $465 million versus the fourth quarter last year.  Now turning to ROIC, which was a healthy 10.3% on a trailing 12-month basis. That's up 80 basis points sequentially and 140 basis points year-over-year. Importantly, our ROIC continues to run comfortably above our weighted average cost of capital.  Let's turn to free cash flow and the balance sheet. As I mentioned earlier, we generated over $1.5 billion in free cash flow after investing a record $3 billion in CapEx last year. We deployed that free cash flow to help fund over $1.4 billion in acquisition activity.  We've also continued to delever the balance sheet, which is in great shape. Leverage was 2.2x at the end of the fourth quarter. That's down 20 basis points sequentially and versus the end of 2020.  Liquidity at the end of the year remains robust at over $2.85 billion. That's made up of ABL capacity of just over $2.65 billion and availability on our AR facility of $57 million. We also had $144 million in cash.  Let's look forward now and talk about our guidance for 2022, which we shared in our press release last night. The headline here is our plan to deliver a year of strong profitable growth, servicing our customers in this new cycle.  Our total revenue range is supported by solid demand we expect to see broadly across our end markets in 2022, equating to almost 12% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. That will be supported by a significant investment in growth capital included in the gross CapEx guidance.  Our adjusted EBITDA range includes the impact of our remaining diligent on costs as we manage inflation this year. At the midpoint, we'll generate over $5 billion of adjusted EBITDA, growing mid-teens year-over-year. Implied margins expand over 100 basis points with flow-through in the mid-50s.  We expect to generate another year of significant free cash flow, guiding to $1.6 billion at the midpoint. The strength of our cash flow continues to provide significant firepower available to invest in growth while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. It also provides an opportunity to return cash to shareholders.  And as Matt mentioned, this week, our Board authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, which we intend to complete in 2022. This leaves us plenty of capacity given our leverage targets for M&A.  Now let's get to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I mean listening to your comments about the demand profile, and we know that the market is pretty tight out there right now. So I mean it seems like you're pretty comfortable with some near-term project visibility, even some of the secular trends you mentioned even outside the infrastructure bill. Your cash flow obviously has kind of proven itself now over the last decade or so.  But I'm curious more on the margins. The last 10 years, your EBITDA margins have averaged around 46.7. This year, you're guiding 46.5, which was a nice incremental margin from '21. But I'm just curious, when you look at the margin profile and how you run the company, and I know it's been a little more about returns, but still, I'm just curious, when you look at the margin profile, and I know some of the margin issue has been you bought some businesses with lower margins but better return on capital profiles. But I'm just curious, how do you think about the margins for the company?  If we were comfortable with the demand profile for the next few years, where is the margin potential, you think, be it cost of rental, which is also right now still below the last 10-year average or the EBITDA total company level? Just curious how you think about it and what the potential is for the business model.
Matthew Flannery: So David, you accurately touched on the acquisitions being a little bit of a misnomer to the headline. So you could look at a headline, and I think we even have a slide in the deck where even it looks like it may have flattened out since '14, '15. But when you aggregate the acquisitions that we've done since that period of time, we've acquired almost $3 billion worth of revenue at an average EBITDA of 38%. So I'm actually really pleased that the team was able to keep the high level of margins that we expect while absorbing those.  Now to your question about where future margins could be. Well, the honest answer is it depends on what we acquire and how we grow, like what are the businesses we grow in. But we're much more focused on returns and can we be a better owner. That's why that we can turn that 38% margin into mid-40s because we felt we could be a better owner for those businesses in our network. And that's the way we'll look at it in the future. '22 at the midpoint guide is up, margin's nicely up, so we feel really good about that. And we wouldn't just look at margins when we're looking at where we're going to get our growth from, we're going to look at overall returns is the way I'd answer that.
David Raso: When you look at the profile for '22, the buckets from labor costs, maintenance, be it parts or even delivery costs where there is some inflationary pressure, yes, I would say the incrementals for next year are maybe a little better than we were thinking you could at least guide to initially. What are some of the buckets you've been able to maybe control those costs or find some other offsets that we can be comfortable with that guide?
Jessica Graziano: Dave, it's Jess. As we think about 2022, you're right, it's definitely going to be an inflationary environment, but there isn't any one area that we would single out that we would say we think that there will be something that we can't manage through, right? So puts and takes, as we've put the plan together and feel comfortable with the guidance and where that flow-through increase is kind of coming out, so there's nothing that we would highlight to say it's going to take an extraordinary effort one way or the other.  We feel really good that as we think about just starting with the kind of growth that we'll generate, right? That's going to then also continue to give us the opportunity as we stay diligent on cost to be able to deliver that margin benefit and that flow-through in the 50. And we feel really good about that. So nothing I would point to specifically, I think, that's causing us any extraordinary action.
David Raso: And just to wrap up, and I'll leave it at this. The fourth quarter just reported, anything abnormal in it that helped provide the EBITDA beat more so even than the revenue beat? Even the rental level margin before and the used equipment sales were also a little bit higher than we were modeling. So I just want to make sure there's nothing unique in that number.
Matthew Flannery: No, no. Just obviously, the revenue coming in higher always helps with the fixed cost portion. But just to Jess' point, just good, solid P&L management top to bottom.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: I was interested in your comments that the benefits from federal infrastructure could kick in as early as 2023. I mean I would think that would be the latest that would kick in. So can you give us a little more flavor of what you're hearing from Washington? I mean is it taking longer than you expect for the funds to get appropriated? And can you give us a little more sense of how you go to market to make sure that you are capturing the maximum portion of the project activity that will come out of the bill?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Ross. So we're -- as you know, we've been focused on infrastructure for quite some time because we know how big the latent demand was long before the bill. We're just not seeing that money be appropriated to shovel-ready projects, but we're still seeing our infrastructure revenue grow. We talked about it growing 11% in Q4. So we're very well positioned.  And when you think about the type of large customers, the largest civil contractors in the U.S. that will benefit from this, it plays right into our value proposition for large national accounts. So we actually think we're really well positioned from a customer perspective. We think we're very well positioned from a product perspective.  And to be fair, most of these products are fungible from our other end markets that we serve. But we have gone and bought specific assets to help fortify that infrastructure, whether they be message boards, traffic continuators.  So we really like where we're positioned, and we think we'll probably be able to out punch our weight when that infrastructure bill does get turned into shovel-ready projects. But we haven't seen a lot of the funding turn into actual rental opportunity. We think that will start happening in '23. If it happens sooner, that's great news. We'll be ready for it.
Ross Gilardi: But I mean, is -- like do you feel like the timing is getting pushed out just because of the -- like because you haven't seen anything yet? I mean do you have -- I guess that you're ready now and your infrastructure business is performing very well now, and you're investing. But specifically on the bill itself, does it feel like it's just going to most likely be more of a second half '23 type of event? Or like can you give us a flavor of anything you're hearing?
Matthew Flannery: So we've been talking about this bill for 3 years. I think it will manifest into shovel-ready projects maybe as early as the back half of this year. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we're thinking by '23, we'll start being able to take advantage of that funding, our customers be able to put it to work and therefore, need our services.  You think about the supply chain needs once the money is appropriated then you have the planning process for the projects, you have the materials. So we do come in a little bit on the midpoint to latter end of the funding actually being assigned to a specific project, but we're not terribly worried about that timing. One of the things we've learned over the last 2 years is how quick we can flex up and down depending upon what the needs are.
Jessica Graziano: And Ross, just to add a quick comment on the timing aspect. It's -- this is consistent with what we've been expecting, right? We've been consistently expecting this was more of a 2023 event as we've been following the communication of the bill from Washington. So there's no change from our perspective, right? Just wanted to cover that as well.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And do you have a CapEx for federal infrastructure bill built into your '22 CapEx guide at all? I mean I presume you're not going to -- I presume you're going to buy at least some of that in advance of 2023. And I'm just wondering, does that represent upside to your 2022 CapEx outlook if you get a little bit more visibility by the middle of this year?
Matthew Flannery: If everything played out as we're -- we have a range, as you know. But if everything played out as we're projecting right now and then we got some over and above, that would be a reasonable thought as long as it's not shifting from one end market to the other.  But I think we feel really good about where we are with CapEx for this year. And even the $3 billion headline number for '22 is a little bit understated because you saw what we brought in, almost $700 million in Q4. And a lot of that is -- you could call that, we pulled it in advance for what we think is going to be a robust growth year in '22.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. If I could just squeeze in one more. On oil and gas, can you just comment on what you're seeing? I would assume some activity is coming back. Any way to think about the mix tailwind you get as activity in the oil patch picks up again, assuming it does.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, all verticals that we participate in grew year-over-year. And oil and gas did as well. When you think about the upstream, downstream, midstream, combination, they grew by 15% in Q4. And now that's down to about 9% of our total revenues now. But we're pleased for an end market that was in the -- singing the blues for a couple of years now. We're pleased for our people out there, specifically those out in the shale of Texas to get some of this work activated and drive a little bit more volume there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: On the capital allocation side, as you pointed out, you still have a lot of flexibility even with the $1 billion of buybacks. I'm just curious what's most important to you when you think about the M&A landscape? Is it first adding more specialty? Is it getting more access to equipment technicians? Is it having more branch density or just really being opportunistic regardless of what the value proposition is if it's interesting enough?  How would you rate kind of what's most important to you on this M&A front? And where you're seeing the opportunities come to you at the moment?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Steven. And as you noted, this -- the capital allocate -- the $1 billion share repo does not prevent us at all from M&A. So we're really excited.  And the pipeline is broad. It's broad both in scale and has been for the last year and also in end market opportunities. So when we think about how we prioritize, first and foremost, think about like the GFN deal. Any time we can add a new product or service to our customers, that's a home run. The integration is easier. We get to put our cross-sell engine to work, especially if they're not fully formed, so to speak, where they have white space, and they're not operating in all of our MSAs that we operate in, that makes the growth opportunity really strong and makes us a better owner. So that's priority number one.  Second is specialty, partly because specialty has more white space for us even geographically but even through a penetration perspective. So we think that would be our secondary prioritization.  And then on the gen rent side, you saw us do a couple of tuck-in deals this year that we really liked. So we're going to take the opportunity to get more capacity, as you said, whether it's people, real estate or fleet, whenever the math makes sense.  It'd be -- we feel we're really good integrators. We've had a history of doing well with M&A. And we -- Jess and the team have put together a balance sheet that affords us to do it. So -- but it's still very much on our radar.
Steven Fisher: Great. And then just to continue on with the maintenance technicians, I'm curious how utilized your folks are there at the moment. You've been taking in a lot of fleet, and I'm curious how much more fleet they can handle. Are you able to hire them at the pace of your fleet growth to be able to make sure that you maintain the equipment adequately and get it out on rent, back on rent quickly and efficiently?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I would say that we have run, and you see it show up in our fleet productivity. We have run about as hot as I can remember in this past year, specifically in the back half of '21. And our team held up really strong, did a great job. And we didn't have to rely too much on third party or over time, which is why you saw the margin come in well.  So we feel good about where we are. But recruiting, especially in a market like this, is nonstop. We have an internal team, a robust internal team that helps with this. And that's why we were able to add 12%, so really say 6% if you took out the M&A in 2021.  And that's a continued focus for us this year because that -- as much as technology enables our people, that last mile is going to have that human touch for a while for the foreseeable future. And it's those people in the field that we need to make sure we have working safely and efficiently. And they're doing a great job.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: I had two questions kind of related to fleet. I mean one is just -- I don't know if there's availability if demand shows up stronger or whether your fleet purchasing is a little bit supply constrained. So is there any flex up there after the market is strong?  And then just a second question. I know you don't talk time utilization exactly, but I'm a little bit curious about how you stand on your ability to sort of improve those metrics versus, say, the last time you were really hot in 2018 roughly. Have you gotten a little bit more efficient? Did you reach your sort of max and you need to add more fleet? Maybe just talk through efficiencies.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob. So I'll answer the last part first, and then maybe Jess can take the first part. When I think about time utilization, you know that we don't like to get to the individual components of fleet productivity. But in the vein of being helpful here, we -- as you've seen, we've been driving robust fleet productivity for the past few quarters.  And we think we have an opportunity partly due because of how well we're running, but also because the comps are a little easier here in Q1 to drive that kind of level. But then once we get into Q2, 3 and 4 of '22, I think the time utilization part of that fleet productivity opportunity is going to be pretty close to exhausted.  We'd be really pleased operationally if we were able to match the levels of time use that we ran in quarters 2, 3 and 4 of '21 again in 2, 3 and 4 of '22. So that's just not going to tie to historical levels, but it's really, really robust timing that we're very pleased with.  Don't mistake that for that we don't still have opportunity to drive fleet productivity comfortably above our threshold of 1.5 because we still have 2 other levers there in fleet productivity that we're going to be managing appropriately. And I think the end market supply/demand dynamics, the discipline in the industry all may have us -- have comfort with that number.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll take fleet availability. When we think about what we are underwriting in the guidance, right, so let's talk $3 billion at the midpoint. There's no doubt we think it will continue to be a challenging supply chain. And we're really proud of what the team has been able to do working closely with our partners, right, our suppliers in sourcing what we were able to source in 2021.  We feel good that even with those challenges, we'll be able to source what we're looking for in our guidance in 2022. And it's going to be definitely comfortable on the amount of fleet we think we can source.  Now the timing, we're expecting the timing to look something like kind of a normal seasonal cadence as we've done in the past. But if we have an opportunity to bring in some fleet a little earlier this year, we will likely do that, too.  So that timing can move around a little bit. But I would say on the whole, we feel comfortable that we're going to be able to get what we need through the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Jess, I'm wondering if we could start on GFN. When you folks were announcing the acquisition, you spoke about over time getting the margins and dollar utilization of that business closer to industry comps. Where are we in that journey today? As you look at the '22 guidance, how far do you think you folks will close the gap there? And can you just give us an update on the location count and what you folks think you'll be able to do by year-end to ramp that up?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. It's a great question. It'll -- I think we had shared when we did the acquisition, it will take us some time to get to that kind of margin profile similar to industry peers. I think the real opportunities for us, and we've been really excited even post acquisition, is to look at the kind of growth opportunity that we have with that business.  The margins will actually kind of come in line with that growth that we're anticipating. As Matt mentioned, we continue to look at growing that business through cross-sell and as we look at the cold start opportunity that we have to increase the footprint for mobile storage for United. So not there yet but definitely on the way as we really focus on getting the growth that we expect with that business.
Matthew Flannery: And I would just add, Jerry, with what we thought were going in about that this was the right team to enter this product with and that the end market would be a comfortable cross-sell for our customers is working out fine. And so that's a real important part of what Jess has stated are to reach our growth goals. So we're feeling good about it.
Jerry Revich: Got it. Okay. Great. And on a separate note, when we look at the double-digit price increases on new equipment put through by all the industry suppliers, how do you folks think about over what time frame those increases are going to be passed through?  Obviously, you folks have locked in pricing given your market position. But overall, given the sharp increase, I'm wondering over what time frame do you expect the market to adjust and that you have to push through the pricing to keep returns where they need to be?
Matthew Flannery: So I think -- and not just for us but for the OEMs as well, there's a balance between just pushing all your inefficiency downhill and making sure that you're pricing downhill and making sure you do the right thing for your business. So you don't have to pass it all on to your customer, and that's what we focus on.  So I think that the industry is in good shape right now. I think it's a responsible reaction to the realities of the supply chain, right? So I wouldn't go to the double-digit area right now. I know there's a lot of talk out there, but we're not seeing those type of increases.  But regardless of that, this is still an opportunity for us. Our team works real hard out there. We do have cost creep in the business as does everybody. And we have to make sure that we continue to manage P&L from top to bottom. And you'll see us continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Newman with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth Newman: So I appreciate the earlier comments on fleet productivity and equipment availability. Obviously, it seems like some of your larger suppliers are expecting deliveries for new equipment to really open up in the back half.  Can you just talk about a little bit more color about how you view fleet availability in the back half of this year? And just where you see the impact potentially on industry rental rates utilization?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I mean I'm not sure our suppliers all know just what that means, right, about how fast and how robust lead supply chain will get back to normal, let's say. But I will say that they've been working really well with us, and that's why we're able to get the fleet we are.  Do I think there's an opportunity to accelerate stuff in the first half? That will probably be a bigger challenge. But Ross had asked earlier about the infrastructure bill. If the market, which come out with our guidance, a pretty robust feeling about the market right now. As that ramps up and the supply chain goes, I think there's a little bit more room for more capital. I'm not betting on that, which is why we brought in all the capital that we brought in, in Q4.  We -- in a normal year, maybe we would have pushed some of that out into the spring and stick with our just-in-time philosophy. That's not the environment we're in right now, and I think we all got to live that reality.  And I really -- I feel for our partners because I know they're trying to do the best they can for us and the challenges they have. I haven't seen clear signs of people getting ahead of the order board yet. So I think the guide that we gave is aggressive and appropriate.
Kenneth Newman: Got it. And then for my follow-up, I may have missed this in your prepared comments, but I think in the past, you've talked a little bit about just your internal customer survey on backlogs. And I'm curious if you just have any color on where that's trending and whether or not you expect it to further upwards?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So we're at the highest levels we've been since prepandemic, and we closed our latest one in Q4 there at the highest level. So that momentum just continued to build throughout 2021. So -- and we call it our customer confidence index, our CCI, is really strong.  What gives me more comfort is that our managers, when we went through our budgeting process, were very bullish. They're getting good feedback through their sales teams and their relationships with our customers on the ground that all feel really good about 2022. So I think all signs are pointing to a good growth year, which is why we came out with the strong guidance that we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Matt, I appreciate all the color and comments in terms of customer confidence that you're seeing and what you're saying about infrastructure in 2023 starting to be additive makes a lot of sense to me. So on that basis, I'm just sort of trying to interpret the gross CapEx guidance that you're providing here at $3 billion because if you are seeing some inflation, presumably then the number of units that you're getting is at least modestly lower than what you've gotten in 2021.  And for what you were saying earlier, the opportunity for time utilization on the fleet is sort of largely exhausted, but demand looks pretty good. So in an environment like this, wouldn't you normally want to spend more and add to the fleet, add units to the fleet to prepare yourself for growth, for further growth, I should say, into 2023 as infrastructure potentially accelerates?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, it's a great point, and it's one of the reasons why we brought in $690 million in Q4 because we exactly feel that. So that's why I said earlier, the $3 billion, call it, same year-over-year is a little bit of a misnomer because what would we bring in a normal Q4, $250 million, maybe $300 million. So we brought in almost double what we would in a normal Q4.  So I think that's a bit of a hedge towards what you're talking about. Now if the infrastructure work starts to step up sooner or just activity overall, it doesn't have to be infrastructure and we see the supply chain remedy in the back half of the year, we'll do what we did this year. We'll pull it forward, especially as we have even better visibility to '23 at that point.  I still think this is a pretty strong guide coming out. So I don't want to run away from it. But if the dynamics present itself as such that there's the opportunity to grow more profitable growth, we will do it. And I think we've proven that this year, and that's the great part of the flexibility of the model.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. Understood. But you're not encountering any challenges with potentially securing production slots because you obviously have been very successful getting early production slots. And I would imagine that there are other mouths to feed on part of your suppliers. And if allocation is tight, I don't know if that's part of the discussion or part of the challenge that you have to manage through?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. It's part of what we manage through, right? So we're -- I would like to think that our partners feel equally strong about us as we do them. And you know what? Their actions this past year have proven that. So I'm planning on that to continue.  Without the partners, it's a whole different ball game. But I think that -- I think we're well positioned and the dialogues very transparent about how quick things move. So we're working well together so that we can have the appropriate fleet for the opportunity that when it presents itself.
Mircea Dobre: Understood. And then one final question, kind of a near-term question if I may. I'm kind of curious as to how you're thinking about the first quarter. Seasonally here, I mean, normally, we are seeing a bit of a revenue step-down seasonally in Q1. But there's kind of a lot of moving pieces here in terms of where demand is.  It sounds like things are quite good, and the industry is still pretty tight. So can you maybe do a little handholding here as to how we should be thinking about revenue and maybe even flow-through margins in Q1 versus the full year guide?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, I'd love to help you there, but we're going to stick to our guns and not talk about inter-quarter results. But I do -- Q1 is always going to be our lowest seasonal quarter. But we think this momentum will help. And we're going to continue to build off that momentum and the real build will come in the spring as usual.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Matt, I just wanted to come back to the earlier comment about don't expect time to be a real driver as we get past the first quarter. So obviously, the rate and the mix have to do more of the heavy lifting, which certainly has implications for margins.  And I'm just thinking back, if you look back at historical periods when rate was expanding at, let's call it, above average levels and there weren't distortions from M&A, United was pretty consistently getting to that 60% kind of flow-through number that we often use is kind of a benchmark. Do you think -- does the environment we're in, obviously, there's the degree and magnitude of these factors will, of course, matter.  But is the inflationary environment that we're in, supply chain choppiness that we're in, does that preclude that or not in terms of just thinking about could there be upside here in later quarters if, in fact, you do start to see potentially rate driving more of the fleet productivity?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And just to be clear, I don't want anybody to mistake that all of our fleet productivity, not because you guys can make some mistakes in the math here, but all of our fleet productivity was driven by absorption. It's just that portion of it is going to go away.  We've been getting support from all 3 components of fleet productivity in '21 so for your question of what '22 looks like in the base year. As far as the flow-through, it certainly could be better if we didn't have the inflationary -- just natural inflation on everything from coffee paper to bottles of water. We all live in the world. We know what's going on out there.  But we still think no apologies for 55% flow-through. When you're growing the business at 12%, we are very pleased with that. You make a fair point. Could it be higher through an inflation? Yes, there's a lot of things that could be better, but we're going to control what we can control and take the opportunities that present themselves. And we're really pleased with the guide that we gave.
Timothy Thein: Yes. No, it wasn't meant as a knock.
Matthew Flannery: No. No, I know.
Timothy Thein: And then the second is just on the revenue guide. If we just make our own assumptions on fleet growth based on the CapEx guide and assumptions, obviously, there's a lot of them, but rate and other factors, it would, by our math, anyway, suggest that equipment -- the equipment rental piece could potentially grow maybe in excess of what's implied. But that's not the entire -- there's other factors that, of course, get added up into that total revenue.  So are there -- of the other lines, obviously, they're a lot smaller, but are there other factors that we should be thinking about? I would imagine the sales of new equipment probably aren't growing. But are there other factors? And maybe you can help us just think about in terms of what potentially goes against equipment rental growth in the context of the top line?
Jessica Graziano: Tim, it's Jess. Let me see if I can help with the math a little bit. So if you think about the total revenue growth right at, let's call it, 11.7 at the midpoint, just based on, again, kind of midpoints of what we're looking at for used, you could assume that the growth within that number for used is probably something at midpoint in the area of about 8.5%, right?  So that should help a little bit in kind of recalibrating the math on what you might be using for rental growth within that total revenue piece. So that's -- I hope that's helpful, right, to just sort of recalibrate where you think that rental could shake out.
Timothy Thein: Got it. Yes. I was thinking other like ancillary and other factors. We can chat offline on that. And then just one quick one, Jess. Just the operating cash flow guide or just getting from EBITDA of almost $0.5 billion year-on-year, and operating cash flow is effectively flat, just working capital, potentially your cash taxes, what are the big components of that?
Jessica Graziano: Both actually, Tim. So right now, we're looking at cash taxes being up somewhere in the neighborhood of about $200 million. And that's largely coming from the increase in pretax income that we're expecting. And then the rest, as you mentioned, is working capital. And that's really more about kind of the normal payment terms and largely just timing of payment on the [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: A quick question. With all the survey work you guys are doing and talking to people on the ground, obviously, very bullish and excited. Has anybody expressed any concerns around labor availability, not necessarily for you. You're a hirer of choice really more for the contractor base. And what risk, if any, does that present to some of the outlooks that we're thinking about?
Matthew Flannery: So for as long as I've been in the business, contractors are getting the labor, but it's certainly exacerbated in this post-COVID world we're in. But we haven't seen project delays or cancellations from it. So that's really the important part. But it's topical.  I think all of us on the supply side and on the build side, meaning our customers, are all working harder than we ever had before to bring in labor. And it's just part of the new rules of the game. But they're getting it done. And as I said, the more -- there's a lot -- very topical, but not any cancellations or delays that we see because of it.
Stanley Elliott: And I guess switching gears, I'll ask a quick question about the international business because there is some stimulus and some infrastructure spend in various other parts of the world where you'll now have a footprint. How is that business performing up to expectations? Is that going to get much of the growth CapEx? Just curious how you're thinking about that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So actually, our teams, both in Europe and New Zealand, Australia, which as you guys know, two totally different businesses with the European part coming from the Baker acquisition. And the New Zealand, Australia Group coming from the General Finance acquisition with mobile storage are both doing great. They've actually both grown in the high 20% in Q4.  They're really -- the European folks have been with us longer, but they've really taken to be a part of the United team and we're very pleased that we're able to fund their growth. So I would say both exceeded expectations a little bit.  Admittedly, the team in Europe had to deal with the severe drop during COVID, but they bounced back from that and got back to prepandemic levels. So we're very pleased with the results there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: The -- I guess I'll start off on specialty. Just curious [Technical Difficulty] an acceleration in the cold start plans for this year. Just if you could delve a little bit more into maybe some specificity of what specialty categories you're pursuing. And you touched earlier, Matt, on GFN, and it's progressing well. But just curious if you could address or maybe just comment on this, the cost savings and revenue synergies. Is that where you wanted it to be at this point? Or are you beyond that point? Just curious on that progress.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, sure. And just on that last part, there's -- it wasn't a cost play, right? So GFN was not a cost play in any way, shape or form. There's not a lot -- Jess has to add there because that was grow, grow, grow play 100%, and we're pleased with what we're seeing on that.  So as you can imagine, they're going to have a decent amount of that targeted 40 cold starts that we're going to have this year. But the other area that we want to do is our ROS business, right? Our portable sanitation business has a lot of growth goals, and we continue to grow parts of our Power HVAC business. And it's specialty overall, but the leading 2 product lines that we'll be doing cold starts in would certainly be mobile storage and then our Reliable Onsite with the portable sanitation.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that. And then the -- with regard to just the purchasing from the OEMs this year, obviously, you -- typically October, you go out to them. And then obviously, there have been supply chain issues. So I'm just curious if you could share with us, you typically purchase from -- for each asset class, just 1 or 2 vendors. Were you forced to go broader this year to -- you obviously sound very confident on your ability to procure equipment.  So just curious on some of the behind the scenes of interacting with your partners. Have you had to go in different directions or add a third per asset class? And then what type of fleet age are you looking for? And how do you weigh that with repair and maintenance expense? Just on the go forward, what's implied in the guidance? And where could that be longer term?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So on the brands that we're buying from, the partners that we partner with, we certainly expanded from just not our top in each one but maybe we had to go to number three. We're always dealing with at least 2 vendors in each product category.  So maybe we extended to a couple of other approved suppliers. We're not talking -- so no knockoff brands or anything like that, but just people that weren't winning 1 of the top 2 spots but very capable product suppliers.  So we definitely expanded into number three and even number four in some areas to achieve the capital growth that you saw us achieve in '21. And we expect we're going to be doing that. We actually found some pretty good results from some of these folks who are looking to get in with the team in a bigger way than maybe they have historically.  So that's an opportunity for us to continue to find new ways to solve problems for customers. And the OEMs and us, our teammates, we have to communicate with each other regularly. It's not just the price negotiation in October and then see you next year. So these guys are interacting at the ground level daily on deliveries, on slots, whether they're slipping, whether they're -- whether there's opportunity to buy more. And that's an ongoing relationship with the customers. As far as the fleet age, Jess?
Jessica Graziano: I'll take that. Yes. So the fleet age really is more of an outlook for us and it's really going to depend on fleet mix, what we buy, what we sell. There isn't necessarily a target that we're working towards.  And even on the R&M side for repair and maintenance, less of a target per se and definitely not tied to fleet age. That's more considered when we do the calculations of our rental useful life by asset where we then determine the right time at which to sell the asset, right, considering what it would end up costing us as we think about repair and maintenance as that asset gets older. So that's really where we would consider the impact of repair and maintenance within the kind of that RUL or rental useful life calculation. So I hope that's helpful.
Scott Schneeberger: It is.
Operator: And the last question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just wondering if we can delve back into the infrastructure discussion a bit. Can you just help us understand where your portfolio is kind of -- or which types of projects your portfolio is most exposed to when we think about the different components of the bill, whether it's more traditional roads and bridges or air and water or the investment in the grid? If you can just help us think about that.  I think you had mentioned some message boards and traffic continuators that might be a little bit more exposed to the traditional elements. And then also whether you would expect your specialty portfolio to have a significant impact from some of that spend?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Courtney. So the infrastructure definition can be quite broad for some, and it is for us in the areas that we're able to participate. And I think the funding, as you saw, has been earmarked for a broad array of end markets.  So whether it's road and highway, whether it's the electric grid and power infrastructure, rail services, broadband, right? So think about broadband. That would be something that our trench team has participated highly and historically.  So specialty will get the opportunity, specifically power and trench. But even our mobile storage folks have the opportunity. These all become job sites. Even if they're alongside the road or in a wing of the airport, that's all fenced off, this is the way the infrastructure projects run.  But we think whether it's public transit, water infrastructure is another opportunity. All these are opportunities that are going to require our products. So almost all other than if it's literally buying the trains, right? Almost all of this is going to require our needs for the money that's earmarked in the infrastructure bill. So we feel really, really good about it.
Courtney Yakavonis: And can you just remind us again how -- what percentage of your rental revenue at this point comes from infrastructure today?
Matthew Flannery: Probably -- yes, I don't know if we share, but it's about mid-teens. I don't have it on the top of my head. I can get back to you with that, but it's probably somewhere in the mid-teens.
Unidentified Company Representative: It also depends how you define it, right? And this gets back to the challenges of you able to say power, power is about 10% of our mix, right? That's not included in the number Matt referenced. So it really gets back to how you define it and how do we kind of define it in our definitions.
Operator: And that is it for the Q&A. Any closing remarks?
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us as we kick off another year of growth. We're off to a great start, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you in April. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted. Thank you. Operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently actually results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information, or subsequent events circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. We have plenty of positive news to share this morning. As you saw we delivered a strong quarter with rental revenue and adjusted EBITDA coming in above our expectations supported by solid fleet productivity. Today, we'll get under the hood of our results. You'll see the numbers were driven by a combination of factors both inside and outside the company including a favorable operating environment that continues to improve and a broad-based growth in customer demand. And that's the predominant theme today not just our growth in key metrics like rental revenue where we gained 22% year-over-year, but also the growth we see going forward. We fully expect our momentum from the third quarter to continue through the fourth quarter and into the coming years. That's evident in the latest guidance we provided. And as Jess walks you through the outlook you'll see that the updates are driven by our expectation of higher core rental results this year. Bear in mind that this increase is on top of our July revision, which already accounted for the acquisitions. That tells you we're looking forward to a strong finish to the year. Before I get into operations, I want to spend a few minutes on our culture because the quality of our organization is key to our strategy. Clearly our people are executing well through the busy season. The integration of General Finance is going smoothly and our team members are being supported by our technology. We also haven't missed the beat on safety. Our company-wide recordable rate remained below one again for the quarter and 11 of our regions worked injury-free in September. Results like this showcase the caliber of our team and the value of our people. The best-in-class workplace culture we've built for more than a decade delivers tangible benefits because we're known as an employer of choice. This is a strong competitive advantage particularly in tight labor markets. We've grown our team by almost 2,000 employees this year including 500 employees over and above our acquired people and our turnover rate has remained in line with pre-COVID levels. The other part of our service of course is fleet and this is something we manage very closely. We just guided to our third step-up in rental CapEx this year. And each time the increase has been warranted by customer needs. Our customers are optimistic. They're busy and they continue to see more growth ahead and it's our job to be ready for that opportunity. Some of you have asked about the challenges of getting equipment delivered. And it's clearly a tight supply environment, but we've been able to secure additional fleet by leveraging our strong financial footing and our relationships with manufacturers. The increase in our CapEx is also based on our leading indicators which echo customer sentiment. Virtually all of the indicators point to strong industry demand which bodes well for fleet productivity. The used equipment market is another one of those positive indicators. In the third quarter pricing in our retail channels was up 7% sequentially and up by double digits year-over-year. Used proceeds were 60% of original costs which is a new high watermark for us. And you may remember back in the second quarter, we talked about our return to growth. In fact, we've been able to leverage the gains we made in the first half of the year to accelerate our growth and that was despite a tougher comp in Q3. Some of that growth came from acquisitions and cold starts, but even with that factored in both segments are running ahead of expectations. In the third quarter, rental revenue on our gen rent segment was up almost 18% year-over-year with all regions showing growth. In addition, all of our Specialty businesses grew by double digits. Our Specialty segment as a whole was up 36% year-over-year with 21% growth in same-store rental revenue. And that's higher than the same-store growth rate we reported in the second quarter. We've also opened 24 specialty locations through September which keeps us on track for the 30 cold starts targeted for the year. When you pivot to our end markets the picture looks similar, broad-based growth across a range of verticals. On the Industrial side, we saw widespread growth in rental revenue led by double-digit increases from manufacturing, chemical, processing, metals and mining and entertainment. On the Construction side, the gains were just as broad led by non-res construction where we were up 18% year-over-year. Within non-res demand is becoming increasingly diverse. Warehouse and data center work remains strong and we're also starting to see a recovery in verticals that have been sluggish like hospitality and education. The Power vertical continues to be an important one for us with wind and solar projects on the rise across multiple regions. We're also seeing work build across the entire EV supply chain.  Plant maintenance is another big driver for us and we're seeing that work start up again after being paused for COVID. And the most encouraging trend is project diversity. It's early days, but we're starting to see a healthy mix of new projects like; casinos, highway work, hospitals, military bases and more. That signals a return to business confidence. As activity picks up, customers have an opportunity to think hard about who they want to do business with and they're placing an increasing value on corporate responsibility. We have a lot of reputational currency here. Good corporate citizenship has been a priority at United Rentals for years and our company has a long track record of working with customers to support their ESG goals. We're proud to be recognized by Newsweek as one of America's most responsible companies for two years running. Last week we released our new corporate responsibility report online. And you'll find that it gives you some good insights into our progress in key areas like environmental sustainability and workplace inclusion. So in summary, we're in a strong position operational, financially and culturally in a healthy operating environment. Customers have projects lined up stretching well into 2022. The industry remains disciplined and our team is getting equipment out to job sites. Internally, we're focused on controlling costs and expanding our margins as we lean into growth. We're leveraging our scale to deliver a combination of organic growth targeted cold starts and accretive acquisitions all with long-term synergies for value creation. And in the near term we reported quarter after quarter of profitable growth driven by tailwinds that show every indication of enduring. We see a lot of potential for attractive returns and it gets better from here. With that I'll ask Jess to go over the numbers and then we'll take your questions. Jess over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks Matt and good morning everyone. Our financial performance in the third quarter highlighted better-than-expected rental revenue which was supported by broad year-over-year growth across our end markets. On the cost side, we delivered solid results while activity was at its highest level of the season and we continue to sell used equipment in a robust market. As for the rest of the year we expect seasonal demand will remain strong. And when coupled with the third quarter's results this supports a raise to our guidance for the year in total revenue and adjusted EBITDA. And more on guidance in a few minutes. Let's start now with the results for the third quarter. Rental revenue for the third quarter was $2.28 billion, or an increase of $416 million. That's up just over 22% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER increased $325 million, or 20.7%. The biggest driver here was fleet productivity, which was up 13.5%, or $212 million. That's mainly due to stronger fleet absorption on higher volumes. Our average fleet size was up 8.7%, or a $137 million tailwind to revenue. Rounding out the change in OER is the normal inflation impact of 1.5%, which cost us $24 million. Also within rental, ancillary revenues in the quarter were up about $71 million, or 29%, and re-rent was up $20 million. While our outlook to OEC sold for the full year remains unchanged, we made the decision to slow down the volume of fleet sold in the third quarter as we maintained capacity for rental demand. Used sales for the quarter were $183 million, which was down $16 million, or about 8% from the third quarter last year. The used market continues to be very strong, which supported higher pricing and margin in the third quarter. Adjusted used margin was 50.3% and represents a sequential improvement of 240 basis points and a year-over-year improvement of 610 basis points. Our used proceeds in Q3 recovered 60% of the original cost of the fleet sold. Now compared to the third quarter of last year, that's a 900 basis point improvement from selling fleet that averages over seven years old. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just over $1.23 billion, an increase of 14% year-over-year, or $152 million. The dollar change includes a $219 million increase from rental. Now in that OER contributed $200 million. Ancillary was up $17 million and re-rent added $2 million. Used sales helped adjusted EBITDA by $4 million, and other non-rental lines of business provided $8 million. SG&A was a headwind to adjusted EBITDA of $79 million in part from the reset of bonus expense that we've discussed on our prior earnings call. We also had higher commissions on better revenues and higher T&E, which continues to normalize. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 47.5%, down 190 basis points year-over-year, and flow-through as reported was just over 37%. Impacting margins and flow-through in Q3 are few items worth noting. We mentioned back in July that bonus expense would be a drag for the back half of this year with most of the drag in the third quarter. We also have the impact of General Finance, which we've owned all of the third quarter this year, but of course is not in our comparative results last year. I'll also remind you that we had $20 million of one-time benefits recorded in the third quarter last year that did not repeat. Adjusting for these items, the flow-through was about 58% with margins up 130 basis points year-over-year. This reflects strong underlying performance in the quarter, particularly when you consider the impact from actions we were taking on costs last year, as well as the impact of costs that continue to normalize this year. I'll shift to adjusted EPS, which was $6.58 for the third quarter. That's up $1.18 versus last year and that's from higher net income. Looking at CapEx and free cash flow for the quarter, gross rental CapEx was $1.1 billion. Our proceeds from used equipment sales were $183 million, resulting in net CapEx in the third quarter of $917 million. That's up $684 million versus the third quarter last year. Now turning to ROIC, which was a healthy 9.5% on a trailing 12-month basis, which is up 30 basis points both sequentially and year-over-year. Notably our ROIC continues to run comfortably above our weighted average cost of capital. Let's turn to free cash flow and the balance sheet. Through September 30, we generated a robust $1.25 billion in free cash flow, which is after considering the sizable increase in CapEx so far this year. We've utilized that free cash flow to help fund over $1.4 billion in acquisition activity and we reduced net debt almost $100 million. Our balance sheet remains in great shape. Leverage was 2.4 times at the end of the third quarter that's down 10 basis points sequentially and flat versus the end of the third quarter last year even as we funded acquisitions this past year. Liquidity at the end of the third quarter remained strong at over $2.6 billion. That's made up of ABL capacity of just over $2.2 billion and availability on our AR facility of $68 million. We've also had $320 million in cash. I'll also mention we refinanced $1 billion of five and seven-eighths notes earlier in the quarter and refinancing that debt will save $29 million in cash interest in 2022 and extends our next long-term note maturity out to 2027. As we look out to the end of the year, I'll share some color on our revised 2021 guidance. Given we have a quarter-to-go, we've tightened our full year ranges for total revenue and adjusted EBITDA and importantly, have raised our expectations for both. These updates reflect better-than-expected third quarter results and the continuing momentum we see in demand and in managing our costs for the fourth quarter. We've again raised our outlook for growth CapEx this year with a $250 million increase at the midpoint. This means we would land more fleet than normal in the fourth quarter and that's supported by our planning for strong growth in 2022. We've left the range on CapEx a little wider than we would normally at this time of the year as we continue to work with the OEMs to land what we've ordered. And finally, our update to free cash flow reflects the impact of these guidance changes, notably, the additional CapEx we expect to buy. And even with that increased investment in CapEx, free cash flow remains strong at over $1.5 billion at the midpoint. So, now, let's get to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. A bit of an open-ended question, answer as you wish. The incremental margin framework you're thinking about for next year, can you give us some thoughts around that? And then I might follow up with a couple of specifics around that.
Jessica Graziano: Sure David. I'll start -- there's a couple of things I'd say on both sides of the ledger to consider as we get through our planning process for 2022. I'll start on the benefit side. The first would be that we will have a tailwind from the bonus adjustment that we've mentioned the last few quarters. So, you could assume as that bonus resets next year, that's going to be about a $50 million tailwind that will carry into 2022. The other I would say positive as we're considering 2022, particularly, as we're thinking of it as a strong year, is really the benefit that we'll get through revenue right and the volume and the activity that will flow through the topline. On the other side, I would say -- again, we're sharpening our pencil on details for the plan. We are considering the inflation impact not surprisingly, we expect that there'll be some continuing cost inflation, particularly in some of the bigger lines for us as you think about labor and delivery and R&M. So, we're working through those as we work to get our plan pulled together.  We also have additional costs that are going to normalize, right, that will serve as a bit of a headwind. T&E the most obvious example. As we look at what the normal level of activity -- cost activity would be for us in discretionary costs that, again, will continue to normalize. And then the other margin impact I'd say really for the first half of the year would be on lapping the acquisitions, right, and the impact that that will have again through, I would say, the end of the second quarter. So, I hope that's helpful as a framework. I will just broadly also say we do expect that margins will be up in 2022 and we do expect that we'll be back in that normal range of flow-through that we target somewhere between 50% and 60%.
David Raso: To that end, the -- I would assume within fleet productivity right now, it's still time you growing faster than rate. When would you -- which quarter would you expect fleet productivity to be driven more by rate than you?
Matt Flannery: So as you know David we...
David Raso: The first quarter just a sense of  because I would think when it's driven by rate more than you that could be a positive for the incrementals on the margins?
Matt Flannery: Yes, certainly David. Without getting into the as you know with the details of the individual components, your idea of understanding, we came into 2021 same absorption was by far our greatest opportunity coming off that baseline in 2020. We'll have a little bit of that baseline tailwind in Q1 but after that it will be gone. And I will just tell you without getting into the specific quantification, certainly absorption was at a real high level this year. And if we were able to replicate this level of next year, we'd be really pleased. But we're not going to get into the details and cherry pick this because it's a good story. And I think the discipline in the industry and the way that we've talked about and categorize the supply-demand environment, we do agree that at some point next year this will be positive derived fleet productivity maybe on some of the other factors even more so. So we're looking forward to that. I don't think we'll see these big double-digit numbers again because we had such an absorption tailwind but we certainly can exceed our inflationary factors that we target at 1.5%. So we feel good about that opportunity next year.
David Raso: And Matt, one quick question about the end of year. It looks like the net debt to EBITDA should end maybe below 2.2%. We haven't been there in a long time. Just  I mean I think since 2007 to be exact when I mean you're digesting Gen Finance but obviously given the frequency you've done deals before in batches, how should we think about the M&A landscape versus alternative uses for that balance sheet strength?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So as you guys know and Jess talks about it all the time, first and foremost, we'll use that robust free cash flow and that strong balance sheet to support the growth of the business. You could see we've leaned in organically this year and M&A. And I think we can do both in the future but we don't necessarily target an M&A number because it has to go through our process. The pipeline is still there. We think consolidation is still an opportunity in the industry. And so stay tuned. It's really more about what makes it through the end of the pipeline and making sure that it meets our criteria strategically, culturally and most importantly, financially. So we certainly have the dry powder. We want to use it for growth first but we're going to only do smart deals. And if that doesn't come through then Jess has the pleasure of dealing with capital allocations in a different way, once we get leverage down to the bottom of our rate.
David Raso: All right. Thank you for the time.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question, please.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. You talked about the Q4 extra CapEx investment with an eye to 2022. But where do you stand on the fleet ordering for the 2022 deliveries? Are things happening earlier those discussions that you generally have? Are they happening earlier than they typically do? And what kind of inflation do you think there could be next year on that?
Matt Flannery: Yes, Steve, we actually did start earlier this year. I think the OEMs did I think everybody was  want to make sure they got ahead of the ball game. So a little bit earlier but we're usually early anyway. So that wasn't too big an adjustment. I would say that when we think about next year I think our OEMs are working our partners are working real hard to continue to get that supply chain as smooth as they can. It's good for their business and for us. But this year as you saw we were able to raise CapEx and it was probably as tight a market as you can. So we have plenty of channels to get through in some products. Maybe we went to our second level, second tier suppliers but still good products that our customers accept. So opening up those channels actually will probably help us next year. And we feel really good about where we are with the ability to get the fleet will need to support customer demand. And if you want to call letting this natural flow of orders that kind of a little bit delayed this year coming through in Q4 as a hedge, that would be a fair way to look at a low insurance policy. But most importantly, we're doing it because we feel very good about the demand that's going to be there.
Steven Fisher: We've heard from others like low single-digit inflation. Is that kind of the ballpark of what you're thinking as well?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I don't like to share negotiations online but to try to be helpful, we usually tell you that 1% to 2% range, it's probably going to be a tick over that when we're all done. It will depend on what comes in and what vendors end up supporting more growth. But it's fair to say we'll be a little bit higher than that normal 1% to 2%.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then as you see this cycle taking shape, what parts of the specialty business do you see offering the most upside for growth here?
Matt Flannery: It's as boring as it sounds. It's really pretty broad across the board. I would say our fluid business specifically tank business maybe has a little more room to absorb. But outside of that everybody's -- including fluid have been growing by double digits as I said. And even our most mature specialty businesses are still growing strong. So we've talked about having a lot of headroom that 21% same-store growth that's embedded within that 36% total growth, I think shows that we still have a lot of runway in our specialty business both from organic growth and as we showed this year accretive M&A.
Steven Fisher: Perfect. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning everyone. Can you talk about the opportunity for you folks on zero-emission products? What's the demand along your customer base? And what are the challenges of servicing that type of equipment compared to conventional products? Are you able to get the rate that's needed to get the higher pricing point in a lot of that equipment class? Can you just flesh out what the implications are for your business as that part of your fleet grows?
Matt Flannery: Sure Jerry. Yeah, and I think you touched on something about the rate, which is important and we do segregate some of these really new innovative products that are electrified with historically combustible engine. But when you think about our fleet already as it is today over 20% of our fleet is electrified. And we think that will grow. I think the OEMs are doing a good job thinking about how they can continue to participate and assist because at the end of the day it's really them they are going to drive it. And once they build that scale, it will be even accepted even broader in the market once we get the economics of scale in line. With all that being said, we are piloting products right now. We've been really dealing with this as you saw we went to Tier 3 and Tier 4 and in some markets that it was faster than others. So we've been on the forefront of this. And I -- really I am pleased with the participation of the OEMs to help drive it forward. It's not a sea change yet but you really feel it building.
Jerry Revich: Okay, terrific. And then on the mobile storage business I think you folks had highlighted plans to double OEC in that business over five years or so. Given the supply chain constraints, how much can you grow OEC in that business in the near-term?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. I would say we feel even better about how we set our goals when we acquired the business now that we have the team on board. And I think we'd even be ahead of where we are today if there wasn't some supply chain issues. So certainly container storage containers specifically are real tight. We all see that every day. But the good news is that the customer desire and the ability for us to cross-sell is showing really strong early and looking forward to -- we're staying on track to that double in the business for five years. We feel very good about that.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Matt maybe just to continue along that on GFN. Maybe it's too early, but can you just update us in terms of your thoughts around the synergy potential and the timing for those as it relates to that acquisition?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So just to remind you, the real synergy here is customer support adding to our full value prop right that one-stop shop go-to-market strategy and not cost synergies. Where we are picking up productivity and helping the team is as they adopt our tools, we're seeing better productivity opportunity. The most important synergy is the growth synergy you're having access to our 2,000-plus sales force. So that's what we're focused on and not our typical cost synergies so to speak.
Jessica Graziano: Yeah. I'll just close the loop on that to Matt's point; cost synergies were not big in this deal. They -- we had talked about $17 million over a three-year period, we feel pretty good about getting those realized in a shorter time. So probably a couple of years in and will be fully realized. But again not anything super material for this deal the growth is the opportunity.
Tim Thein: Got it, okay. And then Matt I just wanted to circle back to your comment earlier on your non-res revenues up, I think you said 18%. If you look at the last spending data from the Census Bureau, I think it showed non-res spending down like a couple percent. And this trend of rental revenues outgrowing construction is hardly new, but that number did stand out to me. And so I'm just curious, maybe any finer points there? I'm sure, there's, all kinds of noise data in a single quarter, but can you maybe just talk through what you're seeing within that obviously important vertical for URI? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. If anything I would characterize it, as I did in my remarks as very broad. The areas that were the first to really pickup speed right, like, data centers technology overall, health care, logistics, specifically distribution, warehousing remains strong and the areas that were lagging are picking up, even some that were really dead as a door, now like logic. So we're seeing this -- we're seeing activity currently and forecasted that in our view with our ears on the street and our customer sentiment, doesn't necessarily guide with that non-res going down.
Tim Thein: Very good. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please?
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning guys.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Jessica Graziano: Hi Ken.
Ken Newman: Hi. I have a bit of a bigger picture question for you, really just in terms of -- given where the supply chain or raw material costs are today, obviously, I expect the OEMs to drive some pretty significant price increases across the smaller customers your smaller competitors versus where you locked in prices. So, if the OEMs want to push call it double-digit pricing or even more on the smaller competitors, one, do you think the smaller players can handle that? And two, how do you think about the opportunities or the dynamics of the industry going forward?
Matt Flannery: I think -- listen, I never will especially coming from this business and was one of those smaller with one of the smaller OEM -- I mean, independent years ago. I wouldn't negate the ability of people to flex and adjust their business. You've got a good business. And you know how to adjust people run their business appropriately. And part of that includes driving the right fleet productivity, making sure you're getting paid for your services, most importantly, giving good service. So, I think everybody will find their place. I do think the bigs, will continue to get bigger. I think there is opportunity of scale that supports consolidation, from a competitiveness perspective, but there's still a very broad range of business out there. So I don't necessarily feel -- I don't think we're going to see people taking pain that they can't absorb. And its one year still costs for remedy, some of these costs will go back down. So I think the supply/demand discipline will remain. And I think that your comments support that. I wouldn't go the next step further. It doesn't thin out the herd, so to speak. I'm not really seeing that right now.
Ken Newman: Got it. That's helpful. And then, just real quickly, my follow-up is really on the M&A pipeline. Obviously, you're still digesting General Finance, but I am curious just how the activity of the pipeline is looking? And are there deals out there in the space that still look attractive in this type of tight supply chain environment?
Matt Flannery: Well, I call attractive in the eyes of the beholder, right? We've got a pretty high bar. But I do think there will be M&A activity in the industry, right? And I think you've heard that from -- and seeing that from our peers. And we think that's a good thing. As I'll say, again, we think the big is getting bigger is good. As far as the pipeline, it's pretty broad across the board, from two store mom and pops to everything above. So it's really an organic kind of moving issue that we just -- we always work the pipeline. We even worked the pipeline during COVID, quite frankly. It's just a matter of what that stuff getting through on the other side Ken. So I -- if I try to forecast it for you, I don't know how right I could be anyway, other than that we're going to work the pipeline. And we're going to only close accretive deals.
Ken Newman: Very good. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please?
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks and good morning everybody.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Matt, maybe I've asked you this question before. And stop me if it's unfair. But it feels like you've done such a strong job on acquisitions over the past many years. And that there's maybe a little bit less relative opportunity in acquisition going forward. And I guess the question is, do you see growth being tilted more organic over the next three to five years than it was? And then, is the organization sort of structured to do that? I don't know if you've got ample space on a lot to put more fleet in. I don't know if competitively the mix works well to put more fleet in different areas. I just wonder if you can give a big picture overview on your thoughts on longer-term growth. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. And I don't want to pat ourselves on the back, but thanks for the recognition. That's why we're always working in the pipeline, because we agree that's the skill set of integration that we've really worked hard at over the last 10 years and you can go all the way back to the roll-up in 1998. But it can't be the only way you grow. You always have to be prepared for organic growth. And how that balance comes through to me is more of an output of how you implement your strategy versus the strategy, right? We have a growth imperative. And the part that we can control is making sure we build a mechanism for organic growth. That's why we focus so much on cross-selling and our value prop. Whether those products are new introductions, because we bought them through an acquisition, or whether we acquire them from an OEM, we still have the same mindset of one-stop shop, full-value prop to the customer is going to support growth. And we view the difference between organic and acquired as an execution point, not necessarily the strategy.
Jessica Graziano: Rob, if I could add one thing to that and that would be, we won't just consider where we are today and let that become an impediment to the kind of growth that we think we can have from an organic perspective. So, for example, as we're looking at what our long-term strategy and the type of organic growth that we can support, we're going to make sure that the facilities and all of the other, let's call it, behind-the-scenes support to build capacity around that opportunity is also part of the decision-making that goes into the underlying strategy for growth. So it all goes together for us to make sure that, as we're working towards that growth, we can absolutely service the customer and fill the capacity appropriately.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. And so, not to put words in your mouth, Matt. But, as you look out -- I know you guys do the three and five-year looks, you don't see any bending of the curve or any absence of growth opportunities you can still put capital out there for the foreseeable future? And I will stop. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Yeah. No, you characterized it right and then the -- by those skilled execution will come as those opportunities present themselves and are measured against each other. And I will say I do believe that will continue. And we usually have after any kind of disruption continued penetration of rental. So there's still opportunities for the overall market to grow.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your question, please.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Chad Dillard: I was hoping you guys could share just any early thoughts on how you're approaching or how you're thinking about approaching the used equipment sales as we go into next year, just given that there is a pretty robust equipment shortage? What appetite do you have to -- I guess, do you have the appetite to sell as much as you have this year?
Matt Flannery: Yes, Chad, we did pull back a little bit here in Q3, but that was more because the fleet was on rent. As I said earlier, we ran real hot this year in fleet on rent. So that would be the only reason to. We spent a lot of time and energy building this pipeline of retail sales. And you'd really have to twist my arm to get us to slow that down. It's a great way to refresh our fleet and support customer demand. So we're going to continue to do that. I don't see us changing our mindset on that. And as our fleet team proved this year in probably the tightest environment, we still can source new equipment to us to replace that fleet that's getting towards its end of its rental useful life. All that being said, in a situation that we just had -- with COVID, we still leave that headroom in our fleet age to make sure that we can react, if we do have to cut capital spend and keep fleet a little bit longer. But I don't think you want to use that headroom too early. You always want to keep it there for a rainy day. So those balances are all the reasons why we're going to keep the used sales machine running.
Chad Dillard: Got it. Okay. And then, just the incremental CapEx increase. Can you just split out how much is general versus specialty? And then secondly, I guess, talked about your power business being strong. I guess what percentage is that fully renewable? And can you just give some color on just the level of visibility you have in that vertical, let's say, like over the next 8, 12 months?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So first part of the question, CapEx spend has been very broad. You can imagine this last quarter of, let's call it, an unusually high Q4 is mostly the stuff that has supply chain, delays during the year and we just decided to let those POs flow, because we know they're high-demand assets. As far as  I think you were asking about the power vertical, I couldn't hear you too well. But as far as  I'm sorry go ahead.
Chad Dillard: No, you're right.
Matt Flannery: Okay. So as far as, our Power business which is one of our mature specialty businesses as a product, but also as an end-market vertical, there continues to be growth opportunity. So therefore, if we're growing the fastest by definition, they're getting an ordinate amount of their spend to CapEx versus the size of their business, and that's continued to move forward. They've done a good job planning and sourcing as well, and supporting the demand that's out there that certainly has spurred a very strong growth for that team. So we're encouraged by what the  not just what they see ahead, but the credibility and the opportunities that they see in the past 12 months.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Chad.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Thanks, guys. Maybe if you can just talk, I know you've switched to talking about fleet productivity, but just in general terms, it seems like the recovery thus far has been largely utilization driven? And if you can just comment at all on, how you think, if it should still be utilization driven in 2022, or are we entering an environment where you might be able to take more pricing than you historically have given how tight it is right now?
Matt Flannery: Courtney, I would just say that, the fleet productivity driven by absorption was really more about the baseline, right? So we were just  we had so much extra capacity coming out of COVID that the first, it was the obvious mathematically greatest opportunity. But the dynamics for driving all parts of fleet productivity to positive were there this year. It was just math. That's why you may be skewed towards one or the other. And I think that, that will remedy next year and the balance will be a little bit different. One of the reasons why we talk about it in a consolidated way is because it's an interplay of the three factors that really matter. And I think to categorize, there may be a shift from absorption to other opportunities next year is an appropriate way to look at.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then if you could also just comment on the Trench and Specialty business margins or gross margins over 50% this quarter, and obviously doesn't even have the full impact of GFN synergies. And if you can just help us think about what the longer-term margin potential for that business could be over time?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Courtney, it's Jess. Yeah, I mean, we think the margin potential can really for the whole business, but for Specialty included would be that it could get better over time, right, as the business grows and we continue to have better opportunities to absorb fixed costs. And to continue specifically for Specialty to grow that business into the white space that we know, we're filling with the kind of cold start activity that we do every year. And so we're encouraged and very pleased with not only the growth that they've had, but what we see continuing going forward. And that includes General Finance as well. I mean, obviously that business from a margin perspective is going to be dilutive to the base. But great, great business from a return perspective and again the growth opportunity there is really, really great for us.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Courtney.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Neil Tyler from Redburn. Your question, please.
Neil Tyler: Hey, good morning. Thank you. A couple left from me, please. Firstly, Matt in your prepared remarks you talked about a number of lead indicators, all indicating sort of positive demand potential for the foreseeable future. But for those of us with, I guess a bit less experience in this industry than yourself, I wonder, if you could  I could ask you to call on that experience? And say, I mean, what's obviously an exceptionally strong environment at the moment, is there anything in those lead indicators that suggest that this cycle might be stronger but shorter, because it is clearly exceptionally strong right now? That's the first question. And then the second one is calling back to Jess's comments on the margin framework for next year. And I understand that, you don't talk specifically about rate. But a couple of your competitors have indicated that rate increases year-on-year in the region of 2.5% to 3% would be sufficient to offset the cost inflation that they see in their SG&A base. Would you be prepared to sort of I guess confirm or deny whether you agree with that statement?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Neil. So I'll take the latter first because it's pretty simple for me. We are not going to cherrypick talking about the individual components when it's in our benefit. So -- but I think that the tone of a positive environment to drive better returns through fleet productivity is the right tone. And I'm pleased to hear how our peers are talking about it. And the industry overall how it's responding. So everybody's got their own inflationary pressures and the way they're going to work through it. But I also think it's not just tied to what your cost base is it's what's the value you're bringing and what's the mix of products and services you're offering. So that one is an easy answer me. As far as the leading indicators I mean you guys all can see everything we can see except for a couple of different things. Our customer confidence index remains very strong. We have over 60% of our customers feel next year is going to be better and only 3% think that there is a potential for them to be down year-over-year. So that's a real strong sentiment. And then the feedback from the people that we have in the field whether it's the sales team, the national account team and the managers that stay very close to the business and the pipeline we talk about we have anywhere from 7 months to 12 months' visibility. And certainly recently we've been on the shorter end of that coming out of the disruption of the cycle. That hasn't changed. So I don't think we are any better than anybody else in forecasting how long the cycle is but there are no signs that say that it's going to be a short cycle. Quite contrary one of the things I'd say that could lengthen it is we're not even factoring in infrastructure bill and funding which we think will be a great opportunity for us. And if they approved it today it wouldn't manifest in 2022. It'd be something that we get 2023 and beyond. So that would be another pickup to the cycle. So I'm not seeing anything that would denote a shorter than normal cycle. Admittedly, we don't have that any more visibility anybody else into that long-term cycle. The good news is we have a business model that doesn't require it. As we've shown over the past two years we can adjust very quickly and adjust to the opportunities or not that are there for us.
Neil Tyler: Thank you very much. Thats very, very helpful. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Flannery for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and that wraps it up for today everyone. And I want to thank everyone for joining us. I want to remind you that we have two presentations to look at. When you have the opportunity our third quarter investor deck as always but in addition I mentioned our ninth annual corporate responsibility report both are linked to our website and are there for your perusal. So I appreciate the time today. And as always Ted is available to take your calls. So with that operator please end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release comments made on today's call, and responses to your question contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly revise any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect in new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from all each non-GAAP financial measure to most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning. Three months ago, we said that 2021 was shaping up to be a great year for United Rentals, and that's still very much the case. Our operating environment continues to recover. Our customers are increasingly optimistic about their prospects. And our company is continuing to lean into growth from a position of strength as a premium provider, and our industry's largest one stop shop. We're the supply leader in a demand environment. And we've leveraged that to deliver another consecutive quarter of strong results. The big themes of the second quarter are strong growth in line with our expectations and robust free cash flow even after the step up in our CapEx. Positive industry indicators including a strong used equipment market, repricing was up 7% year-over-year. The expansion of our go-to-market platform through M&A and cold starts, this is time to the broad base recovery in demand. And our focus on operational discipline, as we manage the increase in both volume and capacity, while driving fleet productivity of nearly 18%. Another key takeaway is our safety performance. And I'm very proud of the team for holding the line on safety with another recordable rate below one, while at the same time managing a robust busy season and onboarding our acquired locations. This includes General Finance, which we acquired at the end of May. As you know, this was both a strategic and a financial move designed to build on our strengths. The acquisition expanded our growth capacity and gave us a leading position in the rental market for mobile storage and office solutions. The integration is going well. And while we still have more work to do, we're moving steadily through our playbook. As you saw on our release, we raised our outlook to include the expected impact of General Finance and other M&A we close since the first quarter. It also includes some additional investments we plan to make in CapEx that will serve us beyond 2021. This outlook follows the higher guidance we issued in April when we raised every range compared to our initial guidance. So, as you can see, we're tenacious about pursuing profitable growth. And the investments we're making will still have a positive impact on our immediate performance, as well as future years. And before Jessica gets into the numbers, I want to spend a few minutes on our operating landscape. Almost all of the challenges of 2020 have righted themselves. We have a better line of sight and so do our customers. When we surveyed our customers at the end of June, the results showed that over 60% of our customers expect to grow their business over the coming 12 months, which is a post pandemic high. And notably only 3% saw a decline coming over the same period. Customer optimism is a great barometer and the trend that we see in the field support their view. 2021 is a pivotal year for us. It confirms our return to growth, including our 19% rental revenue growth in the second quarter. I'll point to some of the drivers of that growth, starting with geography. The rebound in our end markets continues to be broadly positive with all geographic regions reporting year over year growth in rental revenue. Our Specialty segment generated another strong performance, with rental revenue topping 25% year over year, including same store growth of over 19%. And importantly, we grew each major line of business by double digits, which underscores the broadness of the demand. For years now our investment in building out our specialty network has been a key to our strategic positioning. These services differentiate our offering to customers, and add resilience to our results throughout cycles. And this is true of cold starts as well as M&A. This year, we've opened 19 new specialty branches in the first six months, which puts us well on our way to our goal of 30 by year end. We're also investing in growth in our General Rentals segment, where the big drivers are non-res construction and plant maintenance. Both areas are continuing to gain traction. And most of our end markets are trending up. Verticals like chemical process, food and beverage, metals and mining, and healthcare all showing solid growth. And while the energy sector remains a laggard, it was up year over year for the first time in eight quarters. We also have customers in verticals that are less mainstream like entertainment, where demand for our equipment on movie sets and events more than doubled in the quarter. And while it's a relatively small part of the revenue, it's a good sign to see it come back. I also want to give you some color on project types. There are two takeaways, the diversity of the projects in Q2, and the fact that each region contributed to growth in its own way. The recovery has taken root across geographies and verticals on both coasts, with solid activity and heavy manufacturing, corporate campuses, schools and transmission lines. And this quarter, we're also seeing project starts in power, transit and technology. These job sites are using our GenRent equipment, and our trench safety and power solutions. And fluid solutions have seen a rebound and chemical processing and sewer bypass work as well as mining. These are just a few of the favorable dynamics in a very promising upcycle. And I want to put that in context. 2020 was about the temporary loss of market opportunity, particularly in the second quarter. Now, the pendulum is swinging back. And 2021 is about locking in that opportunity within the framework of our strategy. Our team is managing that extremely well. One proof point is our financial performance and the confidence we have in our guidance. Another is our willingness to lean into growth today to create outsized value tomorrow. And it's about more than CapEx and cold starts. We're constantly exploring new ways to capture growth by testing new products in the field, developing new sales pipelines, and forging digital connections with customers. And finally, the most important proof point is the quality of our team. You can see that reflected on our safety record and our strong culture. Here's the thing to remember about 2021. This is still the early innings of the recovery. We're committed to capitalize on more and more demand as the opportunity unfolds. We see a long runway ahead to drive growth, create value, and deliver shareholder returns. I'll stop here and ask Jess to go through the numbers and then we'll take your questions. Over to you Jess.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt. And good morning, everyone. When we increased our 2021 guidance back in April, we expected a strong second quarter supported by the momentum we were seeing start the year. We're pleased to see that play out as anticipated with the second quarter results. And importantly, we're also pleased to see the momentum accelerate in our core business and support another raise to our guidance for the year. We've also added the impact from our acquisitions, notably the General Finance deal. And I'll give a little bit more color on our guidance in a few minutes. But let's start now with the results for the second quarter. Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.95 billion. That's an increase of $309 million or 19%. If I exclude the impact of acquisitions on that number, rental revenue from the core business grew healthy 16% year over year. Within rental revenue, OER increased $231 million or 16.5%. The biggest driver in that change was fleet productivity, which was up 17.8% or $250 million. That's primarily due to stronger fleet absorption on higher volumes, in part as we come up the COVID impacted second quarter last year. Our average fleet size was up 0.2% or a $3 million tailwind to revenue. And rounding out OER, the inflation impact of 1.5% cost is $22 million. Also, within rental, ancillary revenues in the quarter were up about $65 million or 31%. And re-rent was up $13 million. And we'll talk more about the increase in ancillary revenues in a moment. Used equipment sales came in at $194 million, that's an increase of $18 million or about 10%. Pricing at retail in the quarter increased over 7% versus last year and supported robust adjusted used margins of 47.9%. That represents a sequential improvement of 520 basis points and is 190 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2020. Used sales proceeds for the quarter represented a strong recovery of about 59% of the original cost of fleet that was on average over seven years old. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $999 million, an increase of 11% year over year or $100 million. That included $13 million of one-time costs for acquisition activity. The dollar change includes a $141 million increase from rental. In that OER was up $125 million, ancillary contributed $10 million and re-rent added $6 million. Used sales were tailwind to adjusted EBITDA of $12 million, and other non-rental lines of business provided $6 million. The impact of SG&A and adjusted EBITDA was a headwind for the quarter of $59 million, which came mostly from the resetting of bonus expense. We also had higher commissions on better revenue performance, and higher discretionary expenses, like C&E that continues to normalize. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 43.7%, down 270 basis points year over year, and flow through as reported was about 29%. Let's take a closer look at margin and flow through this quarter. Importantly, you'll recall that our COVID response last year included a swift and significant pullback in certain operating and discretionary costs. That was especially pronounced in the second quarter. And it's impacting flow through this year, as activity continues to ramp and costs continue to normalize. We expect this will play through the rest of the year, notably in the third quarter. A specific to the second quarter, we've shared in previous calls that one of the costs that we'll reset this year's bonus expense from the low levels incurred last year. As a result, we had an expected drag and flow through in the second quarter as we reset and now true up this year's expense. Flows through and margins were also impacted as anticipated by acquisition activity, including the one-time costs I mentioned earlier. I also mentioned higher ancillary revenue in the second quarter, which represents in part the recovery of higher delivery costs. Delivery has been an area where we've seen the most inflation pressure, including higher costs for fuel and third-party hauling. While recovering a portion of that increase in ancillary protected gross profit dollars, it impacted flow through and margin this quarter as a pass through. And we expect to see that play out over the next couple of quarters as well. Adjusting for these few items, the implied flow through for the second quarter was about 46% with implied margins flat versus last year. With our expenses normalizing, that reflects the cost performance across the core that came in as expected. I'll shift to adjusted EPS, which was $4.66 for the second quarter, including a $0.13 drag from one-time costs. That's up $0.98 versus last year, primarily on higher net income. Looking at CapEx and free cash flow, for the quarter gross rental CapEx was a robust $913 million. Our proceeds from used equipment sales were $194 million, resulting in net CapEx in the second quarter of $719 million. That's up $750 million versus the second quarter last year. Even as we've invested in significantly higher CapEx spending so far this year, our free cash flow remained very strong at just under $1.2 billion generated through June 30. Now turning to ROIC, which was a healthy 9.2% on a trailing 12 month basis. Notably ROIC continues to run comfortably above our weighted average cost of capital. Our balance sheet remains rock solid. Year over year net debt is down 4% or about $454 million. That's after funding over $1.4 billion of acquisition activity this year with the ABL. Leverage was 2.5 times at the end of the second quarter. That's flat to where we were at the end of the second quarter of 2020 and an increase of 20 basis points from the end of the first quarter this year, mainly due to the acquisition of General Finance in May. A look at our liquidity, which is very strong. We finished the quarter with over $2.8 billion in total liquidity. That's made up of ABL capacity of just under $2.4 billion and availability on our AR facility of $106 million. We also had $336 million in cash. Looking forward, I'll share some color on our revised 2021 guidance. We've raised our full year guidance ranges at the midpoint by $350 million in total revenue, and $100 million in adjusted EBITDA, as we now expect stronger double-digit growth for the core business in the back half of the year. Our current guidance also includes the impact of acquisition activities since our last update, predominantly to include General Finance. That increase for acquisitions reflects $250 million in total revenue, and $60 million in adjusted EBITDA, which includes $15 million of expected full year one-time costs. Additional CapEx investment will help support higher demand. To that end, we raised our gross CapEx guidance by $300 million, a good portion of which reflects fleet we're purchasing from Acme lift. While the fleet will provide some contribution in 2021 and is assumed in our guidance, we expect to see the full benefit next year. Finally, our update to free cash flow reflects the additional CapEx we'll buy, as well as the puts and takes from the changes I mentioned. It remains a robust $1.7 billion at the midpoint and we'll continue to earmark our free cash flow this year towards debt reduction to enhance the firepower we have to grow our business. Now let's get to your questions. Jonathan, would you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
David Raso: Hi, thank you for the time. A bigger picture question about the margins. I think investors are wondering out there about how the margins can improve from current levels over the last, say four years or so we've seen no steady degradation on the rental margins in particular, even the EBITDA margins have been under a little pressure. I'm just trying to think through like when you think of the five large acquisitions you've done over the last few years, right, starting with NAS, kind of running through Gen Finance, kind of acquisition you brought over, you say about $2.25 billion of revenues and those EBITDA margins were only 38%. Right? You used to run high 40. So, I appreciate that's a lot of revenue you bought that's dragging down the margin. But when I look at the business today moving forward, how do we think about the rental margin structurally if you want to weave that all the way into EBITDA, but really in particularly, the rental margins. Is this as much about just a shift towards Specialty and that lower margins but improve returns on capital? Just so we can kind of level set how we should think about not just top line growth, growing earnings, but margins?
Matt Flannery: Sure David, a great question. Thanks for taking a longer-term view of this because that's really how we manage and see the business. And although we have some short-term pressures when we acquire businesses that come in at lower margins, if you look over our experience of these acquired assets, and what we've done with the businesses proforma, it validates why we do M&A. We feel we can be a better owner. We could bring more value to those assets. If it drops EBITDA margin for a period of time, that's one metric. But we also are very focused and quite frankly model our M&A deals on returns. So, and our returns continue to be well above our cost of capital. So, I don't think rental margin degradation is a concern for us. We'll continue to drive fleet productivity to overcome natural inflationary costs, as well as efficiencies in our operations. And we think that's how we've taken these businesses that are in the 30s yet maintain mid-40s depending on the time of the year, the higher EBITDA margin and that's what we do. So that's a great question. And I think sometimes when people are looking at the headline, they may miss the fact that what we've done with these businesses proforma is driving more value.
Jessica Graziano: And if I can add one thing, David, good morning, is that to the earlier part of your question, there is no structural change in the way that we're managing the business and we're looking at the business longer term, and we're thinking about the continued margin that we believe we'll be able to generate going forward.
David Raso: But fair to say from that answer, structurally you don't think of this as driving margins or not. As a matter of improving returns on capital, better cash flow and obviously, what you do with the cash flow from CapEx to M&A is how you drive earnings more so than thinking of this as a margin expansion. Is that a fair generalization?
Matt Flannery: We still are focused on margin expansion in the individual businesses, because some of them structurally come in a little bit differently. To your point earlier, some of the acquired assets GFN being the most recent one. As an example, that's never going to be 50% more than business, but it's going to be a heck of a good return. So, that's really more. We're saying no structural issues that we're having here to continue to focus on margin expansion.
David Raso: Yeah. Everybody wants everything, right. You want margins, you want returns, you want the cash flow, but I'm just saying structurally of your pecking order feels like this is more about cash flow, and then grow the business utilizing the cash flow effectively is what I was trying to generalize. And that point, when we think of '22 versus '21, anything you can help us with on framework in the sense of resetting the bonus pool, how do we think about how '22 starts initially? Other costs that came back or even how you think about delivery costs on ancillary. Can you just give us some thoughts around how we should think of puts and takes on '22 versus '21 in particularly regarding costs?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So, without even attempting to try to give guidance in '22, I think it's clear to say we feel good about the environment. We wouldn't be leaning into this capital spending and M&A if we didn't, right, that's not just the '21 experience. And we will last some of the headwinds that we've had this year from a cost perspective, and specifically in this quarter as Jess will continue to talk through what she did in her opening remarks. But we feel good about '22, we feel good about the prospects. As I said in my opening remarks, we think we're in the early innings of the cycle here. So, we're excited about the prospects.
David Raso: Any color just on the cost, though? I mean, I appreciate Matt's comments. But that's a little bit of a top line comment, which I think at the moment, folks aren't really pushing back on that. They're just trying to think about some leverage, as well, ideally. And just anything you can do on the bonus pool and other costs, we can be thoughtful about how you're lining up your delivery costs for next year, any change and how you're contracting things out, or any color would be appreciated. Thank you. That's it from me.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, it's a little too early for us to start to applying on any kind of guide numerically of where we think some of those expenses are going to go as far as how the bonus will play through next year compared to this year. And even what the inflation environment is going to look like next year. I think it's anybody's guess right now as to if they'll still be pressure in delivery, could there be pressure in other places? I think the takeaway for us is we're going to continue to respond to the way we have in looking to pass through and mitigate some of the inflation pressures that we're seeing right now, particularly in delivery. And just as we even think about where other pressures could come from, in looking to how the business will be able to respond to continue to drive the kind of profitability that we can across the business. So, it's too early for more specifics than that. But I can tell you, we're going to continue to be focused on through the planning process, looking at all of those inputs, and managing them appropriately.
David Raso: Alright, thank you for the time.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your question please.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Good morning, everyone. So, sticking with this discussion on costs, I think I heard Jessica commenting that the flow through and EBITDA in the third quarter was going to be relatively modest as well. Maybe you can put a finer point here. And I'm curious on SG&A side, talk about truing up on a bonus pool. Is that a comment that impacts Q3 as well or was that just for Q2 specifically?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Mig good morning. So, let me start with the third and fourth quarter. And actually, I'll take it from the perspective of the back half. We'll talk about the phasing in a second. But just to give a little bit of color behind what's implied and I'll start with my normal call out not to anchor to the midpoint here, but let me let me use the midpoint just to give some color behind those, the bonus dynamic and even some of the acquisition impacts that we'll have in the back half. So, if I use the margin at the midpoint, the back half implied margin would be down about 120 basis points for us. And that's going to generate flow through again, a midpoint of about 39%. So, think about margins 46.2%. Now, that bonus headwind is going to continue for us more so in the third quarter than in the fourth, as we think about the comp to last year where the bonus was, I'll call it abnormally low, just lower than normal. So, if you think about that bonus headwind as well, as the anticipated headwinds in flow through and margin that we get from the acquisition activity, that margin goes from down 120 basis points to 40 basis points, or margin implied in the back half at midpoint of 47.8% from 46.2%. Flow through in that at the midpoint about 50% adjusting for those two items. So those obviously will be an impact for us. And as you mentioned, the quarterly dynamic will play out, if you just think about the comp we have against the belt tightening that we did last year, the third quarter will have more flow through pressure than you'll see in the fourth. And then the other thing I just want to mention is third quarter just to be helpful in the modeling is, third quarter last year, we had $20 million of one-time benefits from insurance recoveries. And absolutely not expected to repeat.
Mig Dobre: Okay, yes, thank you, by the way for that reminder. Then, I guess to try to ask David's question maybe a little bit differently. When again, sticking with SG&A, we're looking at 2022. Is it fair for us to think that you guys can get some leverage on this line item that revenue growth can exceed whatever inflation you're going to have in SG&A? Is that how you're intending to run the business? Or are there some other things happening in here that might make that difficult to achieve?
Jessica Graziano: Yes, I think that's definitely fair. And, I'd be remiss not to point to the 2021 dynamic is one that in part is because of the comp to 2020. If you think about sort of the normal course in 2022, it gets back to us. Our comments about there's no real structural change in the way we're planning to run the business in '22.
Mig Dobre: Understood. Then lastly for me. Infrastructure is once again in the headlines. And I think by now, we all sort of had a lot of time to kind of ponder as to what this would mean. So, I'm sort of curious, from your perspective if something were to actually pass and become legislation, how, if at all, do you plan to change your strategy? Your feet, your go-to-market as a result? And at this point, have you sort of anticipated any of that in your CapEx plans or the way you're kind of starting to think about framing from [Indiscernible] internally?
Matt Flannery: It's a great question, Mig. As we started focusing on this and preparing for this all the way back, if you recall, from the NES acquisition, where that added to some of our third engaging fleet experience that that team brought with it and product they brought with it, which would be played into infrastructure. And we've actually been growing our infrastructure business, really, because the demand is there, right. We all know the need is there. So, now we would view this as icing on the cake. As far as fleet profile changes I don't - I'll have to guess, let's say 80% of the fleet, that we would use to support and that we do use to support infrastructure is core fleet. So, we have very fluid fleet and very fungible fleet to support this vertical. On the boundaries, yeah, we would certainly as things started to move, buy some more attenuated trucks, buy some message boards, some infrastructure specifically. But outside of that most of what we serve that end market with is core fleet of are very fungible assets. But we feel we're really well positioned, not just talent wise, not just knowledge wise but also relationship wise. We deal with these large customers, these large civil contractors. So, we feel good that whenever the monies get released and gets passed, we'll be able to outcome our weight in that category.
Mig Dobre: Okay, thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning, guys. We had a couple of specialty rental questions just on growth. And aside from General Finance, what are some of the larger growth opportunities in your legacy specialty rental business? And I'm thinking specifically of trench and hoping you can comment there. I mean, PG&E is talking about burying 10,000 miles of power lines in California to curtail forest fire risk. I mean, it's an enormous project, if it actually happens, it's all over the headlines. I don't know that many people would necessarily connect the dots with the United Rentals on something like that. But is that the type of project your trench business would be potentially engaged in? And beyond that, like we're pertaining to all this stuff and headlines about forest fires, hurricanes and droughts and everything? What about disaster recovery, and how big that business is and how big it can become?
Matt Flannery: Sure, and you made a great point about trench and how we would deal with that type of business. And frankly, a lot of infrastructure business, really plays into our specialty network as well. But also, our GenRent products. And when we think about emergency response, we've really built up that need certainly power and HVAC team has done a great job responding to that. But whatever the needs are our fluid solutions team has really broadened their network of customers they serve back in the day when we basically bought an oil and gas pump company. So, this type of spreading the product knowledge and breadth across our broader network and relationships, to serve these unique end markets is really, really part of the specialty strategy for us. So, thanks for giving me that softball. There certainly is really, really a great part of our growth strategy for specialty.
Ross Gilardi: But that goes specifically, what about burying just power, like 1000s of miles of power line? Like, is that something you'd be engaged in? Is that like, would that be kind of a common project for your trench business? All the dirt that's got to be dug for that? And is I'm just trying to, rather than just talking about this all in very much generalities, trying to talk about in relation to like a big project. It's all over the headlines that we can all kind of relate to a little bit more concretely.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I'm sorry. Absolutely. That is an absolute truth. So, one that maybe we take for granted. But absolutely, it would be a higher participation trench that anywhere else.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, great. And then just studio entertainment and live events. I mean, you've got a little bit of a presence there. But the absence of a bigger presence was, it seems like it was a key factor that might have caused you the lag some of the competition on top line growth, at least off of the bottom. Do you feel like you need to get bigger in that market? And are there opportunities to do so via acquisition?
Matt Flannery: Certainly, it's a market that we continue to get bigger. And I think you just saw where the official sponsor of NASCAR now so, we keep adding to this portfolio organically. We don't feel like aching need in the space. But we certainly organically are growing that space, have some great people associated with it that continue to grow that space. If an M&A opportunity arose that was positive, I think you always know we have a robust pipeline we look at. But it's not a strategic necessary focus, certainly an opportunity that we would we would want to uncover organically and M&A if it arose.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Matt, just I'm wondering can you just talk about your capital deployment options, now that you have a bigger footprint in terms of broadening the specialty business with GFN in new regions as well. Where are you folks optimistic about being able to put capital to work in a way where United Rentals is a good owner for additional assets now that you have those additional regions and products? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Well certainly GFN right. So, this is an absolute growth quite this acquisition, not a synergy play, not a consolidation play. So, that would be the most obvious area because we really think we could spread that throughout our network and fill in the blanks in their distribution points. Continued focus on penetration within our existing businesses. And someone asked earlier about specialty growth, we continue to grow specialty strong double digits. Because although we're very, very mature in some of those markets, there's still opportunity to continue to penetrate further in those spaces. And so, I would say, all of the above, and then we'll see, we're not ready yet to declare, but we'll see about some of the other opportunities that are out there. We're certainly going to fund organic growth in a very aggressive way. Because we think coming off of this disruption that we had last year, we're seeing the opportunity to refresh, get the fleet out there and continue to serve more customers.
Jerry Revich: And on the GFN acquisition call, Jess you spoke about good line of sight on getting GFN margins closer to industry level margins. And now that you've owned asset for a little bit, I'm wondering if you could talk about and just flesh that out, in terms of what do you think of the logistics opportunity set the opportunity to leverage your pricing tools? I know it's early, but we have a little bit more visibility than we did at the time of the acquisition. I'm wondering if you might just parse out a little bit for us.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, good morning. So, I can tell you we are doing the system integration in North America for General Finance this weekend. And that's a great step towards continuing to leverage the United Rentals tools and support the growth and the opportunities and the efficiencies that we can share with that business as they grow. Obviously, as Matt mentioned, with this being the growth play, we're going to look for every opportunity we can to grow as productively and as efficiently as we can. And to work through how the extension of those branches. If you think about part of the growth that we talked about was cross sell with the existing United business. But the other part of the growth was to expand that business into more MSA is where they currently aren't, right, that's an opportunity for us to leverage the efficiencies and the productivities that we have now in our branches as we continue to support those geographic extensions for them. So, we still feel very comfortable with our original thesis of getting those margins up to be closer to where that business and the peers in that business operate. And again, very excited about looking under the hood over the last month and a half very excited about getting that going as soon as possible.
Jerry Revich: Terrific. Appreciate the discussion. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning. Matt, the first one was just on, trying to kind of talk through the opportunity for fleet productivity in the back half of the year. And obviously, the comps get tougher, but as you think about kind of the components of that if I mean, I don't know if my estimates are right, but I would assume that from a time standpoint, you're running at or near all-time high level. So, obviously, that you're well, I will assume from here rate and mix are likely to play a bigger role. But maybe you can just kind of touch on each of those in terms of where you are, and how you see the opportunity in the back half of the year?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. So we're very pleased with fleet productivity. And we have expectations for high fleet productivity in the back half. But just for clarity, that very gaudy 18% number is partially driven by the easy comp that we had in Q2. So, we don't expect to have those types of double-digit fleet productivity improvements in the back half of the year, but still significant fleet productivity improvements. A lot of the absorption opportunity was certainly the big driver here in the near term. But we think market conditions without getting into each individual component, we think the market conditions, and frankly, the industry's discipline is very favorable towards continued fleet productivity, and most importantly, the demand is there. So, we really feel good about it. And although I don't think we'll see 18% again, I do think that we'll see strong fleet productivity and that's embedded in our guidance for the back half of the year.
Tim Thein: Got it. Okay. And then on, as you think about the volatility that we've seen this year, and not just in terms of just commodity costs and how that's impacting equipment and some of your supply costs, but as well as the just the availability of new fleet from the OEMs. Is that - do you expect that will influence how you'll approach the timing as you get closer to that initial planning in terms of CapEx planning for '22 as well as maybe how you're thinking about used sales and perhaps maybe flex that cleat age higher. I'm sure there's the push and pull here. But if that used market is, if it remains as strong as it is, which obviously, will depend somewhat on new supply availability, but does that impact how you're again, thinking want about or timing, the initial budgeting for next year than to just how you're thinking about managing the fleet in this environment of super tight used markets? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, I'll pick the latter part first. I think and you see the little bit play out this - we'll see a little bit play out in Q3 as in Q2. The used metering, to use a word that characterize what you're saying, it's more about just time utilization, right, as we continue to drive, high demand and high use of our assets then they're not as available to sale. But the end market is strong there. So, I think we'll continue to fill that demand as versus a fleet, I don't think that's necessary. And on the first part, on the supply side, we've got some really good partners, some good suppliers out there. And I think they'll get their arms wrapped around the supply chain disruptions that everybody has been dealing with in every industry. But commodities probably will right size a little bit as we get to the end of this year. I'm assuming that our vendors are working, I'm not assuming I've talked to them working really hard to continue to improve any supply chain disruptions they have. So, I'm not really seeing that as a barrier to us supporting our customers next year. If it is, we'll adjust. But we're not - that's not in our calculus right now. And certainly not to age the fleet.
Tim Thein: Got it. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning, guys. I kind of want to piggyback off that last question a little bit, one of your big suppliers talk this morning about some deliveries having slipped due to supply chain tightness. And I guess I am curious if you have any comments on equipment availability that you're seeing today? And are you getting equipment on time? And obviously, you took [ph] FX guide this quarter. I'm curious, one, how are you able to pull that off? And two, where do you see the opportunities for potentially increasing that fleet side for the year end?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Ken. So, we still have a pretty big range. So, within that at the midpoint you all know about the $300 million change that we made. Although a lot of that is the Acme plate that we acquired, that we've talked about there. There's no portion of that that's just organic, but even raising that guide in April tells you that we feel good about our ability and our team's ability to source the equipment that we need to supply customers. So, we understand the noise. Maybe it's our relationships, maybe it's our scale or leverage. But we've been able to exceed when we sat here in January, what we originally expected to purchase this year. So, I think that's a good story. And I get the challenges that everybody has. But we've got what we want. Yeah, there's been some slippage. And if you ask me within a quarter, and stuff come in a few weeks later, absolutely. The team worked through it. We drove higher fleet productivity on the assets that we had. And this is part of those strong supply demand and industry dynamics that I referred to the earlier question about fleet productivity. So, nothing that's inhibited our supporting customers. But something we'll continue to talk to our suppliers that how can we help them help us. And that's how we'll look at it going forward.
Ken Newman: Right. I know you're not ready to give guidance on CapEx or fleet growth next year. But as we kind of think about the normal course of ordering patterns and used, can you give us a sense of just how much of the production slots you've got the grid for next year so far? Or is there any kind of sizing of other production slots that you talk with your suppliers in terms of just helping us kind of figure out just how tight is supply today and how hard is to get new equipment?
Matt Flannery: Yeah, it's a little bit early for us. We're not in that planning process. But as far as the more strategic part of the conversation, our suppliers know us pretty well. They have a good idea what categories returning, they have enough information to know what kind of fleets coming out of what we call rental useful life, or RUL as we refer to. So, they've got a pretty good idea. And then it's just a growth bet. How much outside of your replacement of your rental useful life assets are you going to add? So, 70% of the answers there already, maybe more in some years if you're not growing a lot. So, we'll get through the planning process. See how we work through this year. But we don't see a need to actually lock in deals with who's which vendor is going to supply what, so fourth quarter like we normally do. And they all certainly are much more keen to watch the opportunities and our fleet team discusses that with them every week.
Ken Newman: Yep. Last one for me. Jessica thanks for the clarification on the guidance bridge, particularly from the acquisition contributions. I'm curious, could you clarify how much of the $250 million of incremental acquisition sales are expected to flow through equipment rental versus some of the other businesses or other for example?
Jessica Graziano: So, in that number, there's about $30 million of used sales.
Ken Newman: Got it. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Great. Thanks Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the acquisition impact here. It sounds like the market environment is continuing to get even better than it was a few months ago. So, I guess I'm curious I know, it's still early for like GFN and Franklin, but I'm wondering to what extent improvement in the market could enable perhaps faster realization of the synergies on some of these acquisitions?
Matt Flannery: Yes, certainly. So, two totally different scenarios, right, Franklin's kind of a scrambled egg and with the rest of the business already. So, we're not even looking at standalone. Great acquisition, by the way. I went visited some of the folks in the last two weeks and pleased with the facilities, quality team and everything. So, they're all United right now. And they're working hand in hand with the stores that we already had in that market. GFN just converting them this weekend. Right. So, we're going to convert them get them on our system this weekend. Dale and I attended a management meeting they had last week at the Meet the Team, so 100 of my new best friends. And it was we were really impressed with the quality. And they're excited about moving forward. But it's too early to try to accelerate the timing one way or another. But I would say they're excited about the growth prospects, they're excited about the opportunity to get more fleets serve more customers. So, the growth play is still very much in our sights. But a month in here, and then not even on the system yet would be premature for us to already ramp up the speed on them externally. Internally, maybe if we told them about growth, growth, growth like 10 times last week.
Steven Fisher: Got it. And I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the re-rent market. And I'm wondering if this is potentially a growing opportunity for you in any way?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So that it's not mischaracterized. And this maybe I'm assuming this question is coming from the Acme acquisition.
Steven Fisher: Yes.
Matt Flannery: We're not necessarily buying those assets to re-rent them. We do re-rents every once in a while. And we do re-rent for people every once in a while. But this was really us buying these assets, because they were available. And they really fit into our profile of the customers and the projects that we serve.
Steven Fisher: Got it. Thanks very much.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Tyler from Redburn. Your question please.
Neil Tyler: Good morning. Thank you. I suppose Matt sticking with the topic of the [0:49:13] deal. Could you talk a little bit more about how that perhaps came about? It seems to me that because of the unique opportunity that presented itself. And I think Jessica said in her introductory comments that the impact from those assets wouldn't really be meaningful this year. And I wondered if I've interpreted that comment correctly, why that would be? And then secondly, also, on the topic of, I suppose, growth capital. And when you're thinking about the pace of new branch openings, and presumably those branches before they mature, they act as some drag on margin. Is it that there aren't branches that you could potentially acquire in those locations? Or they're not for sale at least not at the right price? Or is there something else about the sort of the Greenfield development that is more attractive than acquiring? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thanks. So, a couple of questions there. So, I'll break down the stuff about the Acme to clear up any misunderstanding. So, within that $300 million of gross CapEx improvement, anywhere from $200 million to $250 million of that we've been telling people are going to be the Acme assets. The reason why that's not a definitive number is we are going to buy these throughout the rest of the year. Those assets, a lot of them that we don't have right now came off or have to come off rents from where they are to be serviced and delivered to us in rent ready, good condition. And if they're not, we won't buy them. So, where that ends up? We'll know a lot more than we all talk at the end of October. By then hopefully, we're primarily done. But because this is so back half loaded on the receipt of these assets, that's why you wouldn't see the normal correlating CapEx acquisition revenue impact that you'd see, let's say if we brought them in the second quarter. So, I think that's what was referred to there. And that opportunity came organically. We've had a relationship with them for many, many, many years. And they're changing their model. And we saw it as an opportunity to buy assets that fit our profile very well. So, that's how that came up. Your second question, I call it a build versus buy conversation. We absolutely have a dual pronged approach watch strategy. As you know, M&A has been a big part of our business, I would even call the Franklin acquisition part of a build versus buy. We thought we had opportunity to do a better job in the market they were operating in, and there was an opportunity to happen to do that one, an acquisition versus cold starts. But we're not going to wait just for the perfect deal to come along for us to have organic growth plans, whether it's a specialty or markets where we think we have more opportunities within the overall portfolio in GenRent. So, it's an analysis we do. It's part of our pipeline that go verse by conversation, and we'll continue to look at it that way.
Neil Tyler: Thank you. That's helpful. Perhaps if I could just jump to follow up as well. And on the topic of that fleet utilization as it stands currently, and I understand you don't provide those numbers. But it's clear that it's at a record level or close to. At what point does that start to introduce inefficiencies in the cost base? And if so, are any of those represented in the higher delivery costs? Or is that just simply a cost all fueled and drivers?
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I would say the ladder for the delivery cost rates is such quick ramp up of the business, when you look at it on a year over year perspective. What's your question about utilization, we've always run higher utilization, and we're not sharing the individual components anymore? But from when we did, you all know that we've always given higher utilization. That's part of what scale gives us. So, we expect that. We continue to drive for that. And you don't see a correlating higher RNN so, that would be an area where you'd say you're maybe getting dilutive impact of running high utilization. We're not seeing that. And I think we will continue to reinvent ourselves, get more efficiencies out of our business that scale may give us options that haven't existed before to help continue to drive utilization. Because that's a big component of fleet productive.
Neil Tyler: Okay, thank you. That's very helpful.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your question please.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys. So, my question was just on the bonus accrual. Can you quantify the dollar amount that you're seeing this year? And just to double check, it sounds like there was a pretty big catch up in 2Q, what's the keens for the balance of the year?
Jessica Graziano: So, in that back half as I record earlier, Chad, there's about $45 million of a year over year headwind that's coming from the bonus.
Chad Dillard: Got you. And for the full year?
Jessica Graziano: For the full year about 90.
Chad Dillard: Okay, great. And
Jessica Graziano: The way that will save just based off the comp from last year is there'll be a little bit more in the third than in the fourth.
Chad Dillard: Got you, that's helpful. And then just a bigger picture question. Can you just talk about the customer acquisition cost for in brands versus e-commerce? How much of your sales are actually made through the e-commerce channel today? And is there any real preference from your end? It's really emerging differential. And I imagine that you want to segment that channel more towards your non-key accounting customers. Maybe you can talk about that strategy.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I wouldn't say that this a cost play. I think it's about giving the customers the avenues to communicate with you that they prefer, right? So, and I've been very clear about that strategically that we want to engage the customer the way they want to engage. It's still not a big part of our revenue work to be fair, a big part of the industry's revenue, but it's continuing to grow. I think, more importantly, specifically, for the leader in the industry, you have to have that option available for the customer. And I will say the more and more that engaged with it. And a little bit of that ramped up during COVID, the more opportunity for growth there. I also think it's the information that some folks want to access information of their own time and their own way. And I think that's where the digital connections with customers really play out. Even more than just the acquisition. The acquisition is only a piece of the digital engagement with the customer. Getting them a real time information, getting them access information, they haven't had. I think, probably longer term, the more valuable customer experience than just the acquisition opportunity.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. Matt, I'm just curious, in times of, when businesses going well, just supply demand and balance, delivery costs go up, because the third party purchased transportation. I'm just curious, typically you encounter that it's somewhat of a high-class problem, but how are you thinking about that strategically commuted having a very large business, maybe to mute that in the future with employing more full-time drivers? And as a follow up on this question, how are you seeing the labor market right now? And then how are you feeling about staffing? And is that going to be a problem going forward if we continue to see from a robust demand environment? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, you're singing my tune here. Scott, I think as far as insourcing, which was we talked about a lot last year during COVID, keeping our people working, showed us the opportunity. Now admittedly, the ramp up came really quick. And now that we're in the peak season, outside services were necessary. But longer term, I view this as an opportunity for us. The recruiting drivers is probably the one area and not just for our industry, I think my trash pickup was late last month, because they didn't have driver pickup. It's a problem for everybody. It's not going to be forever. So longer term, I think this is an opportunity for us to continue to drive even more efficiency in our business by insourcing things that we were doing. As far as the labor market and overall, we're doing pretty well outside of being able to hire more drivers and even get trucks fast enough, I would say the rest of our labor situation we feel really good about. Part of it is our low turnover. So, we're not having to replace as many as if we had had higher turnover. And frankly, part of it is decision we made to not do layoffs. So, thank goodness, we didn't do that. Because it'd be really tough right now, if we had mass layoffs during COVID. And then still had to support this level of activity. So, I feel really good about the way we've managed through it, but still opportunity to insource in the future. And we've been talking about that a lot strategically here, internal.
Scott Schneeberger: Got it. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us. And I'm sure you can hear and you can see we're full steam ahead in a favorable market. And our Q2 Investor deck reflects our recent expansion. So, please download it from the website. And feel free to reach out to Ted if you have any other questions. Look forward to talking to you soon. Stay safe and operator you can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information, or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent Investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As you saw yesterday, we reported a really strong performance out of the gate in 2021 and what's shaping up to be a great year. We knew we had built good momentum in Q4 and that the economy was moving in the right direction. But the first quarter was still uncertain as we ended the year. Well, not anymore. Both our operating conditions and our performance have improved faster than we expected. We gained back a lot of the ground on rental revenue, narrowing the decline from 2020; and importantly, we exited the quarter up year-over-year in March. Our customers are also optimistic. They're gaining more visibility and they're turning to us for the equipment they need. Just a few months into the year, we've absorbed almost all of the excess fleet we had in 2020. This was evident in sequential improvement in our fleet productivity that we reported. And we took advantage of a healthy used-equipment market driving record retail sales to generate almost 30% more proceeds in the quarter than we did a year-ago. None of this would be possible without our greatest asset, our employees, and their willingness to take on the challenges as well as the opportunities presented to them. A lot of people know how much I respect them for their commitment, and our customers feel the same way. And I'm proud to report the team United delivered $873 million of adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter, and they did it safely turning in another quarterly recordable rate below one. Given all these factors, we feel confident in raising guidance across the board. This includes a new revenue range that starts above the top end of the previous guidance. We feel equally comfortable leaning into M&A as evidenced by our recent acquisition of Franklin Equipment, and our agreement to acquire General Finance, which we expect to close mid-year. We feel the time is right to allocate capital to attractive deals like these that meet our M&A criteria for a strong strategic, financial, and cultural fit. With Franklin, we added 20 stores to our General Rental footprint in the Central and Southeast regions, and the Franklin team is already on board and I'll take this opportunity to officially welcome them to Team United. General Finance is a market leader in mobile storage and modular office rentals. These services complement our current specialty and gen rental offerings. We're excited about the opportunity to unlock additional growth while solving more of our customers' needs with these new products. We'll be entering these markets with a strong presence and established footprint and a talented team with solid customer relationships, many of them new to our company. It's a textbook example of one plus one equaling more than two. If you weren't able to join our earlier call on General Finance, we'll be happy to take your questions during Q&A. Now let us pivot to demand where we have more good news to share. The rebound we're seeing in our end markets is broadly positive. And this is true of our General Rental business and even more so in our Specialty segment. Specialty had another robust performance led by our Power and HVAC business. Rental revenue for Specialty moved past the inflection point, and was positive year-over-year for the full-quarter. We're continuing to invest in growing our specialty network with six cold starts year-to-date and another 24 planned this year. Now, I'll drill down to our customers and our end-markets. Customer sentiment continues to trend up in our surveys, as a majority of our customers expect to see growth over the next 12 months. And importantly, the percent of customers who feel this way has climbed back to pre-pandemic levels. We think there are a few reasons for this. For one thing, our customers have a significant amount of work-in-hand, and they can also see that our project activity is continuing to recover. The vaccines are rolling out, restrictions are easing in most markets, and the weather is turning warmer, three positive dynamics converging right before a busy season. Also, we're seeing the return of activity in the manufacturing sector after more than a year of industrial recession. And the construction verticals that have been most resilient throughout COVID are still going strong, areas that we've discussed like technology and data centers, power, healthcare and warehousing and distribution. And with infrastructure, our customers are encouraged that it's back on the table in Washington. Most of the infrastructure categories and the administration's current proposal are directly in our wheelhouse, things like bridges, airport, and clean energy. And we'll see how the process goes, but almost any infrastructure spending will benefit us in the long term both directly and indirectly. Now, there are some markets that have taken longer to recover like energy. Most parts of the energy complex, including downstream, remains sluggish. Additionally, retail, office, and lodging are largely in limbo. So, while we're firing on all cylinders at United, there are pockets of the economy that are still catching up, and this means more opportunity for us down the road. I'll sum up my comments with this perspective. 2021 is shaping up to be a promising year, and our performance says a lot about our willingness to lean into that promise, whether it's with CapEx, M&A, cold starts, or other strategic investments in the business. Our balance sheet and cash flow give us the ability to keep every option on the table. Throughout last year, we made a decision to retain capacity by keeping our branch network and our team intact. And now at the end -- the economic indicators are flashing green, our strategy is paying off by driving value for our people, our customers, and our shareholders. And with that, I'll ask Jess to take you through the numbers, and then we'll go to Q&A. Over to you, Jess.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning everyone. The strong start to the year is reflected in our first quarter results as rental revenue and used sales exceeded expectations and costs were on track. That strength carried through to our revised guidance and more on that in a few minutes. Let's start now with the results for the first quarter. Rental revenue for the first quarter was $1.67 billion, which was lower by $116 million or 6.5% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER decreased $117 million or 7.7%. In that, a 5.7% decline in the average size of the fleet was an $87 million headwind to revenue. Inflation of 1.5% cost us another $24 million and fleet productivity was down 50 basis points or a $6 million impact. Sequentially, fleet productivity improved by a healthy 330 basis points recovering a bit faster than we expected. Finishing the bridge on rental revenue this quarter is $1 million in higher ancillary and re-rent revenues. As I mentioned earlier, used equipment sales were stronger than expected in the quarter coming in at $267 million, that's an increase of $59 million, or about 28% year-over-year, led by a 49% increase in retail sales. The end-market for used equipment remained strong, and while pricing was down year-over-year, it's up for the second straight quarter with margins solid at almost 43%. Notably, these results in used reflect our selling over seven-year-old fleet at around half its original cost. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just under $873 million, a decline of $42 million or 4.6% year-over-year. The dollar change includes an $84 million decrease from rental. And in that OER was down $86 million, while ancillary and re-rent together were an offset of $2 million. Used sales were tailwinds to adjusted EBITDA of $19 million, which offset a $2 million headwind from other non-rental lines of business. And SG&A was a benefit in the quarter up $25 million as similar sales the last couple of quarters. The majority of that SG&A benefit came from lower discretionary costs, mainly T&E. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 42.4% down 70 basis points year-over-year, and flow through as reported was about 62%. I'll mention two items to consider in those numbers. First, as I mentioned in our January call, we'll have a drag in bonus expense during 2021, as we reset to our plans target. That reset started in the first quarter. Second, used sales made up a greater portion of our revenue this quarter, which was a revenue mix headwind. Adjusting for those two results is an implied detrimental flow through for the quarter of about 37%. Across the core business, the first quarter's cost performance played out as we expected, and reflects our continued discipline as we respond to increasing demand and as our costs continue to normalize. I'll shift to adjusted EPS, which was $3.45, that's up $0.10 versus Q1 last year, primarily on lower interest expense and a lower share count. Quick note on CapEx. For the quarter, gross rental CapEx was $295 million. Our proceeds from used equipment sales were $267 million, resulting in net CapEx in Q1 of $28 million. Now turning to ROIC, which remains strong at 8.9%. As we look back over what's obviously been a challenging 12 months, one of the things that we're most pleased with is the ROIC we generated, which have consistently run above our weighted average cost of capital through what was the trough of the down cycle. Free cash flow was also strong at $725 million for the quarter. This represents an increase of $119 million versus the first quarter of 2020 or about a 20% increase. As we look at the balance sheet, net debt is down 21% year-over-year, without having reduced our balance by about $2.3 billion over those 12 months. Leverage continues to move down and was 2.3 times at the end of the first quarter. That compares with 2.5 times at the end of the first quarter last year. Liquidity remains extremely strong. We finished the quarter with over $3.7 billion in total liquidity. That's made up of ABL capacity of just under $3.2 billion and availability on our AR facility of $276 million. We also had $278 million in cash. And since Matt mentioned our acquisitions earlier, I'll take a second here to note that we expect to fund the General Finance deal later this quarter with the ABL. Let's shift to our revised 2021 guidance, which we included in our press release last night. This update does not include any impact from General Finance. If we close as expected in June, we'll update our guidance likely on our Q2 call in July to reflect the impact of that business. What is included in this update is mainly three things. First, the impact of higher rental revenue; second, increased used sales, capitalizing on a stronger than expected retail market; and third, the contribution of our Franklin Equipment acquisition, which we estimate at about $90 million of revenue and $30 million of adjusted EBITDA for the remainder of the year. We've revised our current view to rental revenue, given the start to the year and how we expect things to play out from here. The increase in our guidance reflects a range of possibilities with a growth opportunity over the remainder of the year largely follows normal seasonality, albeit from a higher starting point. As you can see, at midpoint, our updated guidance implies a strong double-digit growth over the remaining nine months of the year. A quick note on the guidance change in EBITDA and what hasn't changed in this revision, which is our continuing to manage costs tightly, even as activity ramps more than forecasted. Our revised range on adjusted EBITDA considers that cost performance across the core business and reflects the impact of higher used sales and the Franklin acquisition with margins and flow through in line with our prior guidance. A third of our costs continue to normalize from low levels in 2020. Bonus expense remains the headwind; we've discussed previously and at midpoint is about a 60 basis point drag in margin year-over-year. Finally, the increase in free cash flow reflects the puts and takes from the changes I mentioned and remains robust, at a midpoint of $1.8 billion. Now let's get to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Matt Flannery: Hi, Jerry.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Jerry.
Adam Beavis: Hello?
Matt Flannery: Hello?
Adam Beavis: Hi, this is Adam Beavis on for Jerry Revich.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Adam.
Adam Beavis: I was wondering if you could just talk about, how you expect to benefit from steel cost inflation as we move through the year, and what you're seeing in Q1 in that respect?
Matt Flannery: So -- this is Matt. As you guys know, we've talked about it many times before, a lot of the purchasing that we do for the full-year, we do in advance, so by January of this year, we'd already had all of our slots in which covers about 70%, 80% of our capital spend for a year. So we're not really seeing that impact from ourselves from a cost perspective. As far as where this ends in the industry, obviously increased prices for new products if that's where it goes should help the used proceeds, should help the market for use in what is already a robust market. So from that perspective, it certainly could help us and that's what I'd say about it. Thank you for the question.
Adam Beavis: And my second question is, if you could just talk about what you're seeing in the used equipment inventories market and how those trends have developed quarter-to-date?
Matt Flannery: Certainly. So, as you can see from the numbers we reported, we still are selling into a robust used equipment market. It's impressive with the year-over-year growth, but when you look underneath the headline of almost 30% growth, what's really impressive is almost 50% growth in our retail products. So we didn't drive this by doing brokered work or a lot of trades. This was certainly not options, not a channel that we usually participate in, but this is selling to end users, customers, and supporting their needs. So, we think that's encouraging on two fronts. Number one, we want to be a one-stop shop for them, but more importantly, it means they feel good about the amount of work they have coming forward, which is why they're buying used equipment. So, Q1 was really a great start out of the gates, and we think it'll remain to be a nice, robust area to serve our customers in used sales for the balance of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your question, please.
Jessica Graziano: Hi. Good morning.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Mig Dobre: Thank you for taking the question. So, Matt, you're talking about the fact that demand seems to be pretty good there -- out there in the market, that you are to the point where you've absorbed almost all your fleet. I guess I'm looking to get a little more context around that. Clearly, the oil and gas vertical is lagging, but starting to recover. If I leave oil and gas to the side, just look at the rest of your business, where would you say activity is relative to pre-COVID levels? And given that your fleet is almost absorbed at this point, how do you sort of think about what needs to happen on a go-forward basis as seasonally you get busier and presumably demand actually ramps-up sequentially?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So as you guys know, we'll really get into the meat of our inflow of additional capital here in Q2 and Q3. So that's where we're bringing a large portion, 65%, 70% of our full-year capex will come in those two quarters. So, we'll have plenty of inflow, and we still have headroom within the existing capacity we have. And my point was, we've absorbed all that excess capacity we had outside of our normal Q1 last year when we hit the decline in mid-March, all of a sudden we had all this extra capacity. Well, that's worked through the system very well, and we're at more of a normalized pace right here for the seasonal cadence, and that'll include a little bit extra capacity we have now, but more importantly the inflow, which we didn't have last year, our significant CapEx to help serve our customers in Q2 and Q3, and that's what will support this additional demand that we're seeing and anticipating to continue.
Mig Dobre: I see. And then given sort of the way comparisons work on your reported fleet productivity metric, when you're kind of looking at your outlook, your guidance, you obviously know how this incremental equipment is going to come into your business. And you've got a view on demand as well. I'm just wondering, is it fair for us to infer that your fleet productivity metric will essentially be able to make up the lost ground of 2020 or will we continue to see sort of modest erosion on a go-forward basis?
Matt Flannery: Frankly but just because of the easy comps alone, we're going to have significant fleet productivity in the balance of the year. I mean, we're talking double digits. So, we feel really good about that, part of it is easy comp, but reason why we raised our guidance as part of it, we're in a better place today in fleet productivity that we expected to be coming out of Q1, and that's why I made those absorption comments. And so, we'll certainly see robust fleet productivity improvements throughout the year based on that year-over-year improvement.
Mig Dobre: Yes, I didn't ask the question.
Matt Flannery: Sorry --
Mig Dobre: Just to clarify because I didn't asked this correctly. What I was getting at is, are you comfortable with the fact that the market could absorb this incremental equipment that you're getting really, that's where I was going with it really?
Matt Flannery: Absolutely.
Jessica Graziano: Yes.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Yes I mean, it ties in line with rate guidance, it ties in line with everything we've discussed.
Mig Dobre: And then maybe, the final question for me, you're talking about the impact from infrastructure. But I'm sort of curious, if you can maybe give us a little bit better framework in terms of I mean, we all know, what's been passed already and what's being proposed? Is there a rule of thumb that you guys apply to your business with regards to what that might mean for your revenue? And what you might need to do, maybe with the fleet in future years here. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: So infrastructure overall is more than double-digit percentage of our overall business revenues. We feel good about that. And that's before a bill. So when we think about infrastructure overall, it's an area we decided to invest in years ago, because we knew that the latent demand was there, we knew it was an area that that could bring us long-term growth. And now that we're talking about, whenever a bill gets passed, we would see that as icing on the cake, certainly not going to have a 2021 impact. But with the demand, the need for especially in the U.S., the need for the infrastructure bill, we feel really good about how much focus we've put on this area for the past few years. And it's paying off well, and we think that'll continue to be the case. And whatever the amount of funding we get, we think we'll outpunch our weight, so to speak, in that category when we get more funding.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Ken Newman: So my first question is, I saw that you've bumped the growth CapEx number a bit in the guidance. I'm just curious if you talk about what are those units were ordered in the first quarter, and just how we should think about the margin impact from pricing on those units if you know, they will be taken after your 4Q typical CapEx type of negotiations?
Matt Flannery: So Ken, I'll repeat, no real impact on the pricing, because as I mentioned, outside of some spot needs, we really do the majority of our CapEx orders in advance. So they're not even subject to any kind of surcharges, any other additional costs. And that's why we do it so early. It's a fair tradeoff with our partners, and when we get certainty of volume and get the benefit from that, from the other way. So we feel fine about that. And the other part of your question was --?
Ken Newman: Yes, I was just curious maybe it's more of a follow-on here, I guess is as you think about the supply chain capacity and just where lead times are from some of your suppliers. Is there very much upside or any upside they get to the growth CapEx number as we kind of go through the rest of the year, is that more going to be a 2022 type of event?
Matt Flannery: I think there'll be, I think you even heard from some of the public calls this week from some of the larger OEMs, that they're starting to get their handle on their supply chain that's improving. I don't know how long it will take to work through the pipe, we've got plenty in the pipeline for the next quarter or two, that to absorb regardless, and that'll support the demand. And then I also think that, we are -- when I think about our Top 10 vendors, which is really the big portion of our capital, we have very solid relationships and feel that, we support each other. And we'll continue to do so. So we don't see that as an issue. And the other part of your question earlier was about the increased CapEx. I just wanted to point out that was not a net change. It was really just the increase in our CapEx guide was about the increased used sales that we're guiding to. So you're not seeing a net bump there.
Jessica Graziano: And the opportunity to replace that fleet.
Matt Flannery: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Tyler from Redburn. Your question, please.
Neil Tyler: Yes, thank you. Good morning. A couple from me please. Firstly, within your raised revenue guidance, can you offer a sense of whether your assumed rate in the back half of the year is better than it was at the full-year stage or whether it's really just a demand perspective that you've altered, that's the first question, please?
Jessica Graziano: So, hi, there. This is Jess. So we actually do not any longer talk about the components within revenue, specifically utilization or mix, but rather speak to fleet productivity. And as really the output is any interplay between those three factors. And as Matt mentioned earlier for -- as we look at fleet productivity that will, just based on the comps from last year get significantly better, as the year plays out, that's going to be largely due to the opportunity in absorption in the remaining quarters of the year.
Matt Flannery: And that's more to do with the year-over-year comps being so favorable in that category. I will say and Jess reminded everyone appropriately, that we don't go to the components, because it's the interplay of them. I don't want anyone to mistake our rigorous management of the components that go in. Our leaders in the field, and our sales teams just are very focused on the components of fleet productivity, which is driving appropriate return and rate for our services, making sure that we don't -- we're not over fleeted and that we're serving the customers and keeping that balance. So just want to clarify that.
Neil Tyler: Thank you. That's helpful. So moving on, in that case, you mentioned, Matt, your ability to have retained all of your capacity for over the last 12 months. Can you help me understand, outside of the larger listed companies that talk publicly about this, how your sort of competitors have, whether that's been the case across the competition as well and therefore how the customer dynamic has responded to any differences there? And I suppose, a kind of linked question to that, and leads also to one of the earlier questions about the tight supply chains at the OEM level, have you encountered any conversations with customers where they've been unable to fulfill their own CapEx needs, and therefore this year turning to rental wouldn't have perhaps been, you wouldn't have expected them to do that as to the same extent?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Neil. So first of all on the capacity and specifically with like, retaining your team or branch closures, it's all over the board. So you have to think about, what -- how strong was the company coming into the pandemic, and everybody had to do what they had to do. We were fortunate that we used our strong balance sheet, right, resiliency of our business to retain because we knew when we got through the other side of the tunnel, we wanted to make sure, we could respond faster. So that was a very definitive decision we made. I'm sure some others made that same decision, and I'm sure others had to do, what they had to do to make sure they had the liquidity and they had to get through in a different way. So I think you have a little bit of everything there. And as far as customers being able to fill their own capital demands, I'm not really hearing that as a priority right now, it is early in the season. But I will say if there's one area where the supply chain could impact, it would be on new sales, which is by definition of spot sale, a spot deal, right. So we're not going to take rental slots that are really precious right now to support any new sales. So it could have an impact on new sales on the margin, but that's a small piece of the business anyway. So outside of that, I'm not hearing much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Thein from Citigroup. Your question, please.
Timothy Thein: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Matt and Jess, it's a bit of a kind of a high-level one, but I just wanted to ask around this notion of inflation, then clearly some debate from the Fed and others as to the sustainability of it. But as it's kind of in your markets, and in your kind of what's in front of you I mean, the magnitude of some of these increases is pretty pronounced. And so I guess the question is a bit twofold. One is, if you look at the inflation that's hitting your customer base at large, and then you kind of look at the CPIs or the prices they're selling relative to their PPI, that -- that's been, it's out of balance. So I'm trying to think how you -- how does that in the interplay with that with rental rates and again, I know that's kind of I'm not asking specifically about your rental rates, but I'm saying just in general, does this -- does a more inflationary backdrop help or hurt the opportunity from an industry not United, but from an industry standpoint, from the standpoint of rental rates. And then more specific to your P&L, and I'm not asking about equipment inflation, I'm asking about inflationary pressures within -- just within cost of rent. What kind of pressure points are there? Obviously, labor is a big one. And you guys historically have managed that well, but just maybe talk about the -- again, the inflationary backdrop, what it could mean from an opportunity to potentially go further potential opportunity on the rate side and then more specific to United's P&L? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I'll answer the first part of it and I'll ask Jess to take care of the internal inflation. From a customer's perspective and you kind of tied it to rate, so I'll do might replacing the fleet productivity. First and foremost, it's why we put that 1.5% bogey, if everybody remembers, when we talk about fleet productivity, we understand in any environment, our job and what we pay our managers to do out in the field, is to make sure we can outpace inflation, it's natural in every business. And what could be an accelerated inflationary period looking forward for a bit, we'll see how that manifests. That would just up that need. And certainly, with all components of fleet productivity would be leaned upon to help drive that. And inflationary costs will be being absorbed by customers. So they'll understand the dynamic. I think as far as what it does for the industry, when you think about cost of capital inflation now that could drive some secular penetration for rental overall, as an industry, we'd see that as a positive. People would. It'd just make what we think already pencils very well for a favorable look to rent versus own, it would even drive that gap and that help that we can give people even more so. So I'd say that'd be a benefit for the industry. And then Jess, you can handle the internal inflation question.
Jessica Graziano: Sure, thanks, Matt. Hi, Tim. Good morning. So if I think about it from a P&L perspective, right. So there's of course, the revenue component and the cost component, and the revenue component, and the support that the P&L gets in that kind of environment will of course come from, how fleet productivity sets up, right and the individual components within that. So if I then shift to the cost side of it, as you mentioned labor for sure is a consideration. And we talk -- we've talked a lot about the merit increases that we do in the normal course across our business as one component of our contracts with our employees, in addition to lots of other things like training and benefits and other support and managing through merit increases and other inflationary costs that we would have by looking for offsets within efficiencies and productivities whether it's leveraging our scale to tighten up on costs within the branch network, not unlike we talked about in leaning more so on insourcing than the premium cost in outsourcing things like delivery and repair, but also just working through the P&L on smarter ways that we can drive better efficiency in things like facility costs, and utilities and things like that. And so, we'll always look to offset other increases where we can to ultimately protect the EBITDA and the margins that we're delivering in the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question, please.
Steven Ramsey: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple quick ones on GFN, I guess thinking about GFN and fleet productivity with an asset base that's more geared to leasing. How will that impact fleet productivity. I mean, I guess would assume is positive, but just any thoughts you can offer?
Matt Flannery: So frankly, we don't know how it's going to impact, it will bring over the data as we do many acquisition over from them. And we'll try to make ourselves a better owner by driving more productivity of that. I would say, I wouldn't characterize it, that's more self-policing. That's not really the business, we're going after. This is a rental model, they use the term leasing, but it's really rental, right? It's not balance sheet management, it's not financing, it's truly rental and just wanted to clarify that because they do use the word leasing. Now, the asset attribute is more of a longer return focus and necessarily an immediate value. Because just like tags, the assets live 25, 30 years plus. So, you'll see a little bit different profile, but this is much more of a return-based business, and more importantly, strategically for us, just another step to the one-stop-shop, value prop for our customers.
Steven Ramsey: Okay, great. And then one more on GFN, thinking about the growth plans you guys have for that business and on cross-sell how much of that, thinking about footprint expansion? How much of that is driven by adding GFN fleet to your high existing branches? Or will that be more geared to opening GFN branches? And then thinking about their utilization being pretty strong. Do you do you think you will be adding meaningful net CapEx for their type of fleet or be retrofitting the existing fleet?
Matt Flannery: So as excited as I am about GFN, and how much I want to talk of it -- talk about it. I do remind everybody, we're still in regulatory approval phase. So, we can't go too far. But we -- but what we have said, and what I'll continue to say this is absolutely a growth play. And it will be a standalone product category for us. We're a big believer and not homogenizing specialty products. We're a big believer in having the focus on them to drive further growth as you see in the rest of our portfolio. And you could expect that that's what we'll do. Now leveraging our network is a whole another -- and customer base is a whole another opportunity that we feel comfortable as we bring this team on board. And we feel that'll be a huge growth driver for the business and for the people that we're bringing on, we think brings opportunity, both ways we're excited about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Rob Wertheimer: Yes. Hi, question is a little bit just on learnings from your improvements that you executed across a remarkable year. The industry obviously, tightened capacity. And did I think what you guys said you would all do; you would do in specific part of the downturn. And now you're coming out of it in a kind of proven out the trough model. A little bit curious on just what new processes, procedures, technology, or whatever you may have deployed during the downturn that could help productivity for the company as you go through it. And whether you expect the next few years to see a resumption of the margin gains you had when you rolled out some of your initiatives, cash 79 years ago? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: So first off, one of our biggest COVID learnings and something we talk a lot about in the past, Rob, is the flexibility and resiliency of our model. And I know that wasn't your specific question. But when I think about your question of what we learned in the last year, way it was great to see that manifests itself in reality versus the modeling of it. So that's first and foremost, we can be as flexible as we need to be. But a big part of that flexibility is to your point on the cost side. Now some of this was -- let's say where we get into comps into Q2 and Q3 where we had a naturally low cost and we were like a shutdown mode. We won't go quite that far. But the learning of insource. And one of the ways we were able to retain the capacity we had on our team was to insource a lot of the work that we were outsourcing previously, both in R&M, in third-party delivery, longer haul transport, the transfers, those are learnings that I think we may be able to be more efficient longer-term as this business -- as the business gets back to operating at full capacity. And then unnecessary travel I don't want us to go as far as nobody travels. I want us to get back to that not just the team building, but getting back in front of our customers, and building those relationships and selling the value in-person. But we certainly have a lot of learnings that not only is that COVID taught us from a cost perspective, but also from a time management perspective, from an efficiency perspective. That will be another one that I think will certainly stick around in a lot of industries going forward. So those are the things I'd point to.
Rob Wertheimer: That's a very helpful answer. And then just on, I know you worked hard probably every year on outsourced delivery, and I guess repair and maintenance. Are you able to I mean, as volumes presumably come back at some point? You've figured out, I guess how that, sometimes I wonder if that's just pure overflow, and you can't handle it. And so, you want to outsource, you think you're able to hold on to some of those savings because of how you systematically changed, I guess. And I will stop there. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think we'll actually look at our headcount model of the past. And think about those peak periods of how much of that peak period can be served by additional headcount, that'll add other values versus the higher cost of outsourcing. And it'll depend on market and it will depend on the duration of that peak. If we have a peak need, that's a month or two, well, frankly, it's probably a lot. We'll continue to outsource on that. But if we have a longer period of peak, I think that's where we'll adjust some of the metrics, we use historically in our headcount model, and probably get some learning some savings and more importantly, some additional capacity and productivity. So that that's an area that we can't wait to get back to full throttle. And we're getting there. We're closer that today than we've been in a while. And I think we'll share those learnings as they go.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Well, thanks. Good morning. Matt, I'm just curious; obviously last year is a strange comp here. But how does this seasonal uptake of you, we're seeing strong industrial production, ABI. If you can just go back to perhaps compare and contrast to some past years on what you're seeing for strength relative to the historical cycle? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think that our guidance actually denotes a more normal seasonal build. Think about that we would have achieved in 2017 2018, even 2019 stage as opposed to what we just went through. So, although the seasons did repair, so by definition of goals in 2020, we see this to be much more normalized seasonal buildings embedded in our guidance. We are at a little bit of lower point from a fleet perspective, as you guys know, but we feel really good about not just about of 2021, but the repairing of the economy and our end markets going forward. And then we get further down the road, we start seeing oil and gas pick up, energy overall pick up, we feel really good about the outlook.
Scott Schneeberger: Great, thanks. And then just switching over to you. The fleet is -- the average age of the fleet, it's the highest it's been that I can recall. And obviously, those nicks and I know you maintain it better than in the past. But could you give us a feel of where you think you'll exit the year with regard to the CapEx developments that you had in the first quarter and your guidance for the year?
Jessica Graziano: Yes, hi. So, we think we'll be down a couple of months; just we sort of use the midpoint a guide and play that through. Like you mentioned, we think we're probably at the highest point now. And then that'll start to kind of move down to, as I mentioned, a couple of month's younger fleet as we finish the year.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think it's important to note that that we only utilized four months of that capacity. So, we're sitting here only four months, year-over-year higher fleet age. And you've heard us talk historically about leaving at least 12 months worth of headroom. We went through a pretty severe 2020 and only had to utilize a portion of that 12 months. So, we actually feel really good about where our fleet age is. And as Jess stated, we'll bring it down a couple months from the inflow and some of the used sales that we'll do this year.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. Id like to hand the program back to Matthew Flannery for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thanks for everyone for joining us. We're off to a great start in 2021 hopefully hear our enthusiasm in what is now a growth year and we'll give you an update and look forward to it in July. But until then, you can always reach out to Ted if you have any questions and dont forget you could find our Q1 Investor Deck online. And there is also a separate deck for the General Finance acquisition. So thanks for joining. Everyone stay safe. Operator, can you please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information, or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent Investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. As we look back on the past year, I feel that 2020 was a proving ground for our company. It gave us the opportunity to prove the resiliency of our business model and the disciplines we have engineered for more than a decade, things like capital management, costs management, operational agility and the willingness of our team to embrace change. We have demonstrated these capabilities during choppy periods in the past, but last year wasn't just the downturn, it was a sharp and significant economic disruption, and we stood up to those conditions while keeping our people safe, streamlining our operating costs, aggressively flexing our CapEx and managing our excess capital to reduce leverage. In addition, we kept our full year adjusted EBITDA margin within 50 basis points of 2019, despite significantly lower market demand, and we generated record free cash flow. And now things are getting better, most of our end markets have been on a steady path to recovery since the third quarter and we saw that continuing Q4. These factors help us narrow the gap in the rental revenue year-over-year from being down over 13% in Q3, to down just 10% in Q4. And as you saw yesterday, our fourth quarter results were better than our guidance for total revenue, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. I was also pleased that throughout 2020, we stayed laser focused on execution, while remaining flexible and agile in a very prudent environment. And most importantly, we never wavered from our fierce determination to take great care of our employees, and our customers. We didn't resort to reactive cuts in our service capacity that will harm our customer service or slow us down on the up cycle, or impact on long-term earnings power. Early on we committed to keeping the key ignition on capacity, so we could spot the engine up at any time. And as we enter '21, this proven to be the right decision. The execution on that decision, rest squarely with our people and they have consistently delivered. They are the reason, why our safety recordable rate remains below one for all fourth quarters of 2020, and it's a credit to their professionalism, that our COVID protocols were adopted so quickly company wide, allowing us to serve our customers safely. And the financial results you saw yesterday, which generated by the talent and commitment of our people, all working together as one UR. Such an exceptional team and I am very proud to work beside them. Now, let's look forward to the current year. COVID isn't a traditional cycle, but it's a cycle nonetheless, and we believe it will continue to have an impact for the foreseeable future. As our guidance indicates, we'll continue to gain ground in '21, as we work our way back toward pre-COVID levels. Our sentiment echoes, the majority of our customers in our recent surveys, the comments we hear from the field and other experimental data points we've collected. We're optimistic of the year, while being realistic that visibility is still somewhat limited. What our guidance doesn't show is the cadence of demand this year. Once we left the first quarter, our toughest comp will be behind us and then we expect to return to growth as we move through '21. We base this on a couple of factors. The recent spike in COVID cases is projected to settle down in the coming months, which should help reactivate some projects that were temporarily halted. And as the vaccines are rolled out, business confidence should continue to improve, and this will provide a tailwind for both capital projects and MRO spending. And as demand trends up, we're well positioned to be first call for our customers. And before I get into our operating environment, I want to mention our fourth quarter revenue from used equipment sales. It was $275 million, almost 13% higher than prior year, and it was driven by healthy retail demand. And as you know, we look at the strength of the used equipment market as a key indicator for the rental industry. And when the retail market is favorable, it tells us the contractors are projecting needs for that fleet. Another positive indicator is that our industry overall showed great discipline on the supply side in 2020. And this is a good place to be as activity ramped up. Looking at our operating environment, there are some encouraging signs. The verticals we call that as most resilient on our last call are continuing to lead project activity in markets like, power, healthcare, distribution, and technology. Within these verticals, we're looking at a range of jobs including data centers, hospitals, warehouses, and even power plants. On the other side of the ledger, petrochem continued to be soft in the fourth quarter. The good news is that we're seeing light at the end of the COVID tunnel. And we expect this sector to do better this year, led by scheduled turnaround activity in downstream and chemical processes. Within non-res which is our largest revenue base, a number of new projects build ground in the fourth quarter, and others plan to start up this year. These include some big stadium projects that were postponed when COVID hit. And the same is true of airport construction and renovation. We see a number of these multiyear projects back on the table, and to a lesser degree, growing bridgework which generally has remained steady. Infrastructure has been topical since the election. And while the details and the timing are unknown at this point, President Biden has been clear that this will be a priority for his administration. And as the economy continues to heal, United Rentals is in a strong position to benefit from any increase in end market spending, including infrastructure. We've invested for years in positioning the company for this type of scenario. Our specialty segment had another good quarter led by our power and HVAC business, which generated fourth quarter same store revenue that was higher than the prior year. It underscores the importance of our ongoing investments in specialty operations. In total, we plan to open another 30 specialty cold-starts this year, which is double the number that we opened last year. And this will bring us close to 400 specialty locations by December. Here's the main point of my comments this morning. You may recall our mantra that bigger doesn't really matter, unless we're constantly striving for better. And the way we get there is by doing what we say we're going to do. 2020 did its best to challenge us on that. But we came through for all of our stakeholders, and the learnings we gained from that experience have been incorporated into our operations. And we'll leverage these learnings as we return to growth. Finally, we said we would fulfil our responsibility to investors by protecting the long-term earnings power of the business. And we're doing that too. The takeaway from 2020 isn't what went wrong in the external environment. It's what went right when we committed to a course of action and met our goals. Yesterday, you saw the results of that commitment and today we're telling you that we intend to deliver again in '21. So I'll stop here, and ask Jess to take you through the numbers. And then we'll go to Q&A. So Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Our financial results in the fourth quarter were better than we expected, with rental volumes continuing to recover and strong used sales activity at retail. More on both in a minute. Costs were in line and supported solid margins in the quarter. Free cash flow for the year also exceeded expectations and our leverage at year-end was down versus 2019. That's all good news as we move into 2021. I'll provide some color on our '21 guidance before we get to Q&A. Let's start now with the results for the quarter. Rental revenue for the fourth quarter was $1.85 billion, which was lower by $208 million or 10.1% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER decreased $190 million or 10.9%. In that a 5.6% decline in the average size of the fleet was a $98 million headwinds to revenue. Inflation of 1.5% cost us another $25 million and fleet productivity was down 3.8% or a $67 million impact. Sequentially, fleet productivity improved by a healthy 420 basis points, mainly from better fleet absorption. Rounding out the decline in rental revenue for the quarter was $18 million in lower ancillary and re-rent revenues. As I mentioned earlier, used equipment sales were stronger than expected in the quarter coming in at $275 million. That's an increase of $31 million or about 13% year-over-year, driven almost entirely by an increase in retail sales. That reflected OEC sold up 35% year-over-year in the retail channel for the second quarter in a row. Used margins in the quarter were solid at 42.5%. Notably, these results in use reflect our selling over seven-year-old fleet at just shy of 50% of original cost. Let's move to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just under $1.04 billion, a decline of $117 million or 10.1% year-over-year. The dollar change includes a $143 million headwind from rental, in that OER made up $140 million and ancillary and re-rent together were the remaining $3 million. Used sales were a tailwind to adjusted EBITDA of $11 million, which offset a $3 million headwind from our other non-rental lines of business. And SG&A was another benefit in the quarter of $80 million, with the majority of that help coming from lower discretionary costs, mainly T&E. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter was 45.5% down 150 basis points year-over-year, and flow through as reported was about 66%. I mentioned two items to consider in those numbers. First, new sales made up a greater portion of our revenue this quarter, which was a headwind to margin and flow through. Second, I mentioned on our Q3 call back in October that we had a benefit and bonus expense in Q4, 2019 that would cause a drag at this Q4. Adjusting for those two items implies a margin of 46.1% and flow through for the quarter of just over 56%. Both results were largely as expected and pointed to continuing cost discipline, even as certain operating costs started to normalize. A quick comment on adjusted EPS, which was $5.04. That compares with $5.60 in Q4 last year. Year-over-year decline is primarily due to lower net income from lower revenue. Let's move to CapEx. For the quarter, rental CapEx was $176 million, bringing our full year spend to $961 million in gross rental CapEx, which was 55% less than what we spent in 2019. Proceeds in 2020 from use equipment sales were $858 million, resulting in net CapEx of $103 million. ROIC remains strong at year-end, coming in at 8.9%. That continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital, which currently runs about 7%. Year-over-year ROIC was lower by 150 basis points, primarily due to the decline in revenue. Turning to free cash flow, which was a record for us at over $2.4 billion in 2020. This represents an increase of over $860 million versus 2019. As we look at the balance sheet, our having dedicated the majority of our free cash flow to debt reduction in 2020, resulted in a $1.9 billion or almost 17% decrease year-over-year in net debt. Leverage was 2.4 times at year-end, down from 2.6 times at the end of 2019. Liquidity remains extremely strong. We finished 2020 with just under $3.1 billion in total liquidity, that's made up of ABL capacity of just over $2.7 billion, and availability on our AR facility of $166 million. We also had $202 million in cash. Let's shift to our 2021 guidance, which we included in our press release last night. Our view to total revenue includes a return to growth in rental revenue with the season, starting in April. We look forward to getting past a challenging comp in Q1, as we lap the start of the pandemic and move to delivering rental growth for the rest of the year. Our guidance includes a range of outcomes given our seasonal patterns and assumptions we've made on the pace of continuing recovery across our end markets. We're planning for another strong year in use sales and we'll look to increase our CapEx spend to replace that fleet. Within our guidance that reflects over $1.9 billion in replacement CapEx. Beyond that, we continue to be focused on absorbing the fleet we own and we'll adjust our growth capital accordingly, with total spend planned at pre-COVID levels. Our range on adjusted EBITDA considers not only the volume growth we expect in revenue, but also our continuing to manage costs tightly. We'll leverage what we've learned in 2020 using our own capacity to support our customers with less reliance on third parties. As our business continues to recover, we'll also see a reset of costs that ran low in 2020, such as T&E and bonuses. Finally, one of the best indicators of the strength of our business model is the resiliency of our cash flow, especially as we invest behind growth. In 2021, we expect another year of generating significant free cash flow and that's after considering a return to over $2 billion in CapEx spending. We'll continue to use our free cash flow to pay down debt and reduce our leverage. Now let's get to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. With the guidance the leverage at year-end net debt-to-EBITDA is targeting about two times, given that's the very low end of your targeted range of two to three. Can take us through your thoughts as the year plays out, how to think about exiting the year and the year into 2022 with the leverage that low?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, David, it's Jess. Yes. So, from our perspective right now as we think about the free cash flow and that's obviously after the CapEx, we're going to continue to focus on strengthening the balance sheet and continuing to pay down the debt. As the year moves on, our focus is going to be first and foremost from a capital allocation perspective on growth and being able to fund the growth that we see first and foremost organically and then in smart M&A that may happen for us. And so, for us it's not about having, let's say, an arbitrary target of getting to two times by year-end, but more being able to continue to focus on growing our business and strengthening our balance sheet to better position us for that growth.
David Raso: Just taking that answer, would you be willing to do something proactively during this year before you got down to two times? I'm just trying to frame it for - I mean, the math seems like we're ready to lean forward some of the economic backdrop, obviously to dictate if that changes. But especially if we did get an infrastructure bill, you would think that could even make you lean forward even more. I'm just trying to level set where people's heads are on looking at the leverage. And if we did get an infrastructure bill, how does that also influence when you think of the size of fleet and where you want to be positioned?
Matt Flannery: Yes, David, this is Matt. Your point that on, I mean right now, we're just coming out with guidance and we understand visibility isn't as clear as it would be in a normal year. And we're not all the way through the tunnel yet, but we absolutely feel when we get to the back half, we're going to see growth once we lap the comps for Q1, as we discussed in our release. And exiting '21, I think that's when you will really start to see what the economic end markets look like and where the growth opportunities are. But we're certainly positioned for it and we're not afraid to lean in. As far as M&A specifically since Jess touched on it, we always work the pipeline, quite frankly we work the pipeline through COVID. Well past six to nine months it hasn't necessarily been a focus for Jess and I. We've had bigger fish to fry, but we're always looking for ways to better serve our customers. And we're going to focus on organic because that's what we can control. But if we have an opportunity for smart M&A we're always looking at that. And once we get through our bar, we certainly know how to integrate and we have the dry powder to do so. It's just not an immediate focus.
David Raso: And last quick question. I assume the evolution of your CapEx planning obviously just takes place through the fall into early winter. Can you just take us through how you evolved the decision to I assume it was lower three four months ago? How we got to the $2.15 billion gross CapEx midpoint? Some of the milestones you saw be it contractors, customer surveys on how they were thinking about the projects. You read the highlighted the way used equipment markets act, can help influence your thought around your ability - your willingness to sell used and buy new for replacement, things that drove the site the desire to add $200 million of growth CapEx. I'm just curious how you went through the milestones when you went through the planning process to come up with that number? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So we build it up from the ground up. So we have a very robust planning process. And I'll say the, we start that process late for probably September-October, and then we deal with it in November-December up here at corporate. But the field was pretty much where we are early then now, they're a little bit closer to it. And at some point, we thought maybe they were getting a little too excited. But as we started to look at the trends and the opportunities for us market by market going through the planning process, it was where we ended up, but this wasn't a light switch, because we beat consensus. This was a bill that's been coming through Q3 and Q4, and getting that feedback from our field leaders, as they were going through the planning process. I don't know Jess, if you had anything to add?
Jessica Graziano: No, I think that's it.
Matt Flannery: Yes.
David Raso: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, everybody. Maybe this is little bit of a bigger picture question. Just on your growth trajectory. If you look at the past several years, you've been, I don't know maybe half and half acquired fleet versus organic fleet growth. And just given how much the industry is consolidated and your sales grown and maybe acquisitions, maybe a little bit less potential in the future than the past couple or three years anyway. How comfortable are you putting out more fleet organically over the next several years? And do you have a sense on when you might see the market and balance enough to really start? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: So I'm going to start with the end of your question first. We actually see the market imbalance almost all the way there already, which is really exciting. When I think about how the industry has responded to this downturn specifically compared to the '09 downturn, which was quite a different scenario. Whereas data tells us that we're almost in balance already from a days in fleet days on rent, we're not quite there yet, but a heck of a lot closer than I would have thought. So I think we're already in pretty good shape. And now it's just about the opportunities that we can lean into. And we do see growth headroom over the next few years. This year may be a little less than what we'll see in the future years. But I also say that this headline growth, it just uses the midpoint. 3.5% is a little bit misleading, because it's having to absorb what is a tough comp in Q1. And when you model that out, you see the quarters two through four are actually significantly higher than the 3.5% average you see. So we're already leaning into growth, and we feel excited about it for '21 and beyond.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your question please.
Mig Dobre: Good morning, Matt and Jessica. Thank you for taking the question. I guess I want to go back to your outlook again. And as I look at your mix on Slide 7, I'm wondering what sort of general assumptions have you baked in for resi, non-resi and industrial that underpin your revenue outlook for '21?
Matt Flannery: So I think we all see the macro data points, they're prevalent. We're all looking at the same stuff and they're choppy. You see some are more positive than others. So whether you're looking at Dodge momentum index, or whether you're looking at ABC backlog contractor backlog. So we're all looking at the same data set, there's a couple of things I point to. First of all within non-res, there are certainly winners and losers. And the ability we have to and we're planning for this to outpace the end market growth is by using those fungible assets, and moving them from the weaker markets to the stronger markets. So that's always been a mantra. I'd say the rental industry overall, usually has the opportunity and the ability to outpace the end market growth. And you'd see that historically. I would also say that in the industrial side although there's still some negatives, and I pointed to oil and gas, they're also pretty, pretty deep floor right now and we see there could be some opportunity in specifically downstream and chemical processing. So we feel good overall about the backdrop stabilizing, and we think with the scale and size that we have, that we'll be able to outpace the end market growth.
Mig Dobre: I see. Then also looking at your CapEx, you're obviously planning on spending more than replacement in '21. I guess I'm wondering how you're thinking about the progression through the year. At what point in time, you expect to have fleets stabilized on a year-over-year basis? Is this the second half event? Do you think it can happen a little sooner than that? How are you thinking about it?
Matt Flannery: Yes, so we're down about 5% in fleet as we end the year, and that will and when you used the word stabilize, that negative will decrease throughout the year. Our cadence, think about our cadence as being a normal capital spend cadence, maybe a little lighter in Q1, as you can see from our fleet productivity, we still have some extra capacity to absorb, but when we get into the peak seasons, starting Q2 and Q3, that's where we typically spend 75% to 80% of our CapEx in a year. It's also important to note that we plan on selling $1.7 billion worth of fleet in '21, because of the robustness of the end market, and that's a great way to not only take care of our customers that want to buy fleet, but refresh our fleet. So when you inflation adjust that, that's $1.95 billion of replacement capital. So depending on where we end up in the range, you have anywhere from $50 million to $350 million of growth capital, and we'll meter it in as we earn it, as we absorb it, and we see the opportunity.
Mig Dobre: That's very helpful. Then lastly, maybe for me, I guess, maybe a little more color on the 10 year of business through the quarter, if, early versus late quarter in the fourth quarter look maybe a little bit different, because obviously the COVID cases have progressed not linearly as the quarter developed. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Great point on the cases and the positivity rise. It didn't really impact the business. There were one province had some issues, and maybe two markets had some delays related, but very, very small in the big scheme of things. So the cadence was pretty steady as you saw throughout the quarter.
Mig Dobre: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Hi guys, thank you. Matt, I was just wondering, you talked about some of the - can you hear me?
Matt Flannery: Yes, good. I hear you, Ross. How are you doing?
Ross Gilardi: You can. Okay. Sorry about that. When you talk about the winners and the losers on the non-res side, is it possible to kind of breakout rough portion of the business that you classify as non-res is actually growing now, in the portion of it, you think will grow in 2021?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I won't get a proportion of each vertical in each end market, because that gets a little bit too competitive for me to do on an open mic. But I will tell you that get outside of the old space, which is obviously a little more weighted towards petrochem, which we call that as a challenging area. The winners and losers are spread out geographically, right? So all end markets have the opportunity geographically, but it's just thinking about things that are struggling, like, as you could imagine, anything travel related, anything entertainment related, lodging. I'm certainly not expecting us to be on any hotel projects as we get through '21. And then even retail, right, so we're a little worried about retail. But on the flip side of that, when we get back to the winners, distribution, warehousing logistics are hot right now, because that's how consumers buying products. So that's just an example of where we can move our fleet out of what might be retail growth and into warehouse and distribution growth. And this is the flexibility of the model with a very fungible asset. So geographically broad and I think we could all talk to the markets that are winning and losing, healthcare, technology, pharma. Probably when people may not realize this power has been strong, not just conventional power plants, but even solar and wind. So there's plenty of work out there we feel to fortify this guidance.
Ross Gilardi: What do you say to the view, obviously the non-res activity that we're seeing now is largely just completion of existing projects? The pipeline of new projects is drying up. I mean, you even explained some of the pickup you're seeing is just resumption of airport activity and deferred maintenance and so forth. Do you feel like there's enough completion that needs to happen with your customers to just carry you well into 2021 late '21-'22 without being necessarily a big pickup and new project starts?
Matt Flannery: Well, that's a difficult question to answer, because I don't believe there won't be new project starts in order to our customers guiding us that there won't be new project starts. And so our guidance implies - first of all, yes, we feel that's a trend of stability. And to your point, finishing up resuming some old projects, there's a portion of that that'll carry us through the first half of the year. But then we're also seeing green shoots in some of the end markets that I talked about. So it's not like we haven't had a new project. We've even had new projects throughout the back half of '20. So it really just depends on what end market vertical you're serving. So we absolutely feel comfortable that there will be enough new work to support the business.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay, thanks. I'll turn it over. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Great, thank you. Good morning. First, I just wanted to follow up on the earlier discussion on capital allocation. And just given the decline in your cost of capital over the past couple of years, does that impact your thinking on hurdle rates and the returns you'd potentially target for M&A? And maybe how you think about the trade-off between buying your own stock versus M&A? I guess, taking the Fed at its word would - but at least seem to suggest rates are likely to stay low for quite some time. So not sure this is a transitory thing. But then I was just curious how you look at this.
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Tim, it's Jess. Yes, there's actually no change for us. As we think about the process that we use to complete deals and do M&A it really is a sort of a well-honed set of considerations that we have across strategic, cultural and financial hurdles. Those hurdles haven't changed outside of I would say the financial hurdle getting a little bit higher, less so as a result of the lack of more and more so as a result of continuing to fill capacity with every additional deal that we do. But as we look at it, we're looking at the merits of the deal itself and looking at it across those three categories our spending that capital towards a deal that we know ultimately will be a better owner of.
Tim Thein: Okay, interesting. All right. And then the second question is just on the components of fleet productivity, and maybe how that shakes out here in '21. And my assumption would be, maybe it's wrong, but that maybe absorption is less of an opportunity as it was in '20. Maybe we can start with that's right. And then, I guess part two is just that, how rate and mix would potentially interact? Should we see a backdrop in which your industrial markets grow faster than construction? And maybe that's a wrong assumption, but just again, I really think the question, the spirit of the question is kind of that rate mix dynamic in an environment where oil and gas maybe isn't shrinking and you get some pick up in those larger industrial end markets, how those two would kind of interact? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Tim. So I'll start with the first part of your question. I'm glad you said maybe you're wrong, because we think you are. We still do have opportunity in kind of utilization.
Tim Thein: That's the first time.
Matt Flannery: So we're not going to break down the individual components, but absorption was a great opportunity for us and remains an opportunity for us. And that's the main driver. It was the driver in our sequential improvement, Q3 to Q4, and it's what's going to turn us positive by second quarter next year. We'll still have negative fleet productivity here in Q1. We've already told you guys about the tough comp so think about that in a high single digit range, tough comp in Q1 and what that portends, then once we get past the comp for Q2 your model add against our midpoint to 3.5 and you see some significant growth and that will play through fleet productivity similarly. So we think that all portends to great opportunity and absorption remains our opportunity. Once we do that, we'll start to meter in the growth CapEx, as I said earlier. As far as mix, mix is an output to what the customers end up renting from us. To your point, we could have more broad usage in petrochem if that comes back and maybe we have this year and that could help. But the interplay of mix and rate is more of an output of what products you rent than really a designed outcome, which is why we don't forecast.
Tim Thein: Okay. Just to be clear Matt, the high single digit range in first quarter was that directed to absorption that you're not referring to fleet productivity down?
Matt Flannery: No, we are actually referring to - we talked a lot about the comps, so just to be direct for everyone. When we think about even with the good trajectory of the business and you think about a normal seasonal build our revenue this year, it's going to output in a high single digit year-over-year, negative revenue for Q1. And that's really because we want people - we don't want to give quarterly guidance, but we want people to understand the 3.5% headline growth the midpoint is a little bit of a misnomer. And then that will play through fleet productivity. For example, we have one less billing day in Q1 because the leap year, that'll have an impact on fleet productivity, oddly enough. But there is a little mix in that that are tough comps, once we get through them, we feel really good about the growth prospects for '21.
Tim Thein: Very good. Okay, thanks for all the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning, everyone.
Matt Flannery: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Matt, I know you and the team have been focused on delivering a strong performance in a downturn. With 2020 now in the books, can you just talk about how you and the board are thinking about the strategy over the next cycle since you proved out what the performance can look like at the downturn? So if we can count on, you know, mid-40s, EBITDA margin at the trough. How does that impact how you're thinking about things like capital allocation, leverage and potentially restarting the buyback program in light of the performance at the trough? And I know you addressed the near-term buyback question earlier. I'm just thinking about as we think about the next four or five years, what should we be thinking about, given the performance that you proved out in '20?
Matt Flannery: Sure, I'll start and I'll let Jess speak to some of the great work that team has done to put us in this position. But we are 100% on board with the line. We are 100% aligned with our board. If I get my words out of my mouth that we are focused on growth. We've done all the hard work to build out this strategy coming out of '09 to make sure we were resilient, that we could do we - where we could generate positive free cash flow through the trough. Now, what are you going to do? So we're excited about that opportunity now that we've given the chance to prove it in 2020, and there is no lack of alignment issue for growth, whether that comes through organic growth, which is the part we control, or opportunistic inorganic growth, adding new products, whether they be specialty products or new products to sites that we don't supply right now. We've had less than 15% market share, there's ample opportunity for us to grow in the coming years. Jess, anything to add?
Jessica Graziano: Yes, I think the one thing I'd add is really the beauty of what is the resiliency of our cash flow. And as we think about looking forward near-term and even longer-term, the opportunity to continue to support the growth that we believe we're going to see. And then as we think about the free cash flow that we all have choices, frankly, with. The opportunity that will have to continue to manage our leverage optimally and then look at additional opportunities to return excess cash to our shareholders. As you mentioned, Jerry, right now we're comfortable continuing to pay down debt with that free cash flow. But it's a topical conversation with our board and something that we review with them officially several times a year. And so that's always, as we're talking about growth as a priority, we're also talking about the actions that we take in capital allocation that are also going to be value generative for the after the shareholders.
Jerry Revich: Thank you. And then just to shift gears, your full productivity is down about call it 7%, 8% off of the highs and that's mostly utilization. So as we look at the sales guidance, just 3% growth in '21. And with some level of growth CapEx, can you just talk about how much of that hey, look, it's early in the year, we're coming out with a pandemic, so if we deliver upside to sales guidance rate? Is that part of the conversation? Or is it the type of fleet that we're allocating funds to have lower utilization rates? And so there was a mix factor we should be thinking about there. Can you just expand on that on those two pieces, please?
Matt Flannery: You packed a lot in there, but I think I got it, Jerry. I'm assuming you're asking about the rate of our growth and which fleet productivity and output, right, so that'll be part of the growth story. So I'll touch it in a couple pieces. As I said earlier, Q1 was a tough comps, and that'll play through in a fleet productivity and overall revenue number, that will still be negative, right. We don't expect to go backwards from where we were in Q4, but you're not going to get that continued progression linearly or linear progression in Q1. Once we left that, frankly, we're going to have an easy comp in Q2. So fleet productivity is going to turn positive, revenue is going to turn positive. So you call those two netting out to a normal seasonal pattern, then the growth opportunities in the balance of the year after we get to Q2 is higher than that 3.5. I don't want to, that's why we're given that little lean of a guide in the headwinds in Q1. So people don't look at that, 3%, 3.5% at the midpoint. And I think it's underwhelming. Fleet productivity is going to be a big driver of that. And as I answered to Tim's question earlier, we feel absorption is one of the big opportunities there. Hopefully, I covered all the points you're getting.
Jerry Revich: Yes, you did that. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Great. Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from a line of Ken Newman from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Ken Newman: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. So I just really quickly wanted to touch back on the inflation question from earlier. Good color on the cost side. But obviously, steel has increased at a faster cliff in recent months. And I think one of your suppliers yesterday was highlighting some impacts the next couple of quarters. So any color on how you're thinking about inflation slowing through the revenue growth number, whether that's on the rate side or via used equipment?
Matt Flannery: So we will guide everyone, I think, I don't think we did it yesterday. But we're going to plug the same 1.5%, as our inflation for fleet repurchases. Just to be clear, that's not a pricing inflation. It's the replacement inflation of the asset. So when you hear us talk about the $1.7 billion we sell is going to cost $1.95 million to replace. It's not the pricing increase 15% this year, it's the aggregate of selling seven-year-old fleet, what we bought it four years ago. So, that's the only point of inflation that we've actually guided to. Your point about just overall natural inflation, that comes in through all the business. And how do we outpace it, it's got to be in fleet productivity. That's why we set that bar of that hurdle rate to make sure that we continue to drive fleet productivity, efficiency in our operations to overcome a natural inflation business. Depending on the end market, it could show up rate, it could show up inefficiency, you're really - we're going to go after it and manage it through all functions of the operations to make sure that we can offset our inflationary costs. I don't know, if you had a bigger point.
Ken Newman: No, that's helpful. It's good color. The follow-up here is, you talked a little bit about your petrochem markets kind of expecting to remain weak. And I did want to touch a little bit, if you could just give some color on the midstream portion of your business. I know you've done a lot to deemphasize that in recent years. But just with the headlines we've seen about Keystone permits getting canceled, just how you think about that end market and the exposure today?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So midstream would be the smallest of when you go through upstream, downstream midstream, right. We're down under 2% midstream. We're disappointed, because it's not good for the sector. But overall, oil and gas even when you count the downstream is only 8% of our business and midstream being the smallest part of that 8%. We think downstream will still be in good shape. This could have some knock-on effects on upstream, we're not banking on a bunch of LNG projects coming up this year. So it's already embedded in our guidance. We're not happy for this sector, but it's not a meaningful issue for us overall as a company.
Ken Newman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fisher from UBS. Your question, please.
Steve Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning. I'm wondering how much growth you guys anticipating deriving from the specialty cold-starts in 2021? Can you quantify that? And is this generally the difference between say growth in your revenues and flat or slightly down. And then as you look beyond '21, based on the experience you have, with all the cold-starts you've done already, what's the typical kind of year to revenue ramp on those that we can kind of think about acceleration into '22?
Matt Flannery: We haven't really broken it down like that. Steve, I think the important thing to remember is we're just leaning in - continue to lean into especially we continue to have whitespace there. And this is important, because the more products and services we offer to our customers, the more value we add to them. So the One Stop Shop, especially for our larger customers is something that's really important to us. And that's why we're going to keep filling the gaps wherever you have them, whether that's by geography, or whether that's by product penetration. And that's really what these 30 cold-starts are about. As far as year one year two revenues, we haven't disclosed that type of information.
Steve Fisher: Okay, fair enough. And then I think in 2020 mix and rate within your fleet productivity were generally offsetting each other. To what extent is that something you would anticipate in 2021as well?
Matt Flannery: As I said the earlier point, it's really an output, it depends on what we rent. And that's why we bundled these together in fleet productivity. We're anticipating the needle mover to be more of absorption. That being said, I also told you that we feel really good about what the industry has done and how they've responded to this sharp decline that we had this year in purchases. So supply side is good and responsible management of fleet productivity and all the components. So how it shapes out, we don't really try to predict. You can just rest assured that we manage just because we don't disclose, we manage the individual components of rate and time very much so on a daily basis, all the way down through the branch level.
Steve Fisher: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Steve.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question, please.
Steven Ramsey: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to start with in-sourcing just any more detail you can provide on the benefits being greater to gen rent or specialty fleet now or if that changes the future? I guess what I'm trying to get at thinking of 2021 and beyond as in-sourcing provides greater margin benefits to gen rent or specialty?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, good morning, Steven. So we haven't gone as far as to calculate exactly what that benefit looks like. You really have to get into a situation where you've got normal levels of activity to be able to really understand the financials behind what that benefit could look like. Just thinking about the learnings as they developed in 2020 and our continuing to take those learnings forward into the way that we're managing the business. For us, it's less about the finite calculation or what the impact is, as much as it is continuing to optimize the way that we're managing the ebbs and flows of activity through each of the branches. So, as we're thinking about that going forward, it's a benefit that in our business has impacted the gen rent and the specialty segments. So it's continuing to be a focus for both. But I don't have a number I can share with you now that quantifies either by segment or for the businesses as a whole, that benefit in 2021 and even going forward, what we would expect. But safe to say that we're focused on making sure that those learnings are something we're continuing to lean into all of this year.
Matt Flannery: Yes. Steven, thank you.
Steven Ramsey: Can you hear me? Okay, just a quick one on the specialty cold-starts to follow up on that. Are the new openings this year similar flavor in the past as far as location and densification? And then at 400 cold-start for specialty locations now, one-third of total location. How high do you think that can go over time?
Matt Flannery: That's a little bit too competitive for me to share Steve. I can just say that we continue to feel that the overall business once again, we're less than 50% market share. But the specialty business specifically, not as broadly penetrated as our gen rent business, certainly has headroom to grow. But we believe the whole business has headroom to grow. So we're not going to give an individual component to that. But thanks for your question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your question, please.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Matt Flannery: Good morning, Chad.
Chad Dillard: So it sounds like your revenue cadence is little bit more back end loaded than usual. So I was just curious to get a little more color on what's driving that. Is it more of the industrial or the non-resi construction that would drive that above seasonal growth?
Matt Flannery: Yes, let me be clear so that I didn't confuse anybody. The cadence is not really going to be too different than what we expected and certainly not back end loaded. It's all about the comp. So if you remember, COVID hit us mid-March last year, it really didn't have much of an impact on Q1. It had a significant impact really on Q2 specifically, April billings was the largest hit by far. And we also got off to a really good start, so in January and February of '20. So the actual cadence of the progression of the improvement of the business seasonally is really we don't plan on that being too different. This is all about the comp on the previous year, and that's the only reason why we guided people to that to explain that that 3.5% at the midpoint is really a bit of a misleading headline. Does that make sense to you, Chad?
Chad Dillard: Yes, that's helpful. And then just the used equipment market has just proven to be a lot more resilient in this downturn versus prior years. Why do you think that's the case? How sustainable is this? And maybe you can talk about what the average age is of the equipment that you plan to sell in this coming year versus last year? If I can just like tack on one more question about just how you're thinking about repositioning costs, just given that you're going to be shifting fleet around between some end markets?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So first off on the retail, admittedly, it surpassed our expectations, but on new sales and it was driven by retail. And the reason that that's very important is because I've been doing this 30 years. I will promise you there's no contractor that's going to buy a piece of equipment to sit it in his yard. So it underlies what we're seeing in our customer confidence index, what we're hearing from our teams that our customers are going to have work. So that's first and foremost. I think what we've done that's unique is we've built that retail sales engine for the rest of customers versus relying on trades or auctions. And that's really benefited us as we are pleasantly surprised as well. As far as the viability of it, if it just grew this year, the back half of this year was 35% over a very robust '19. I don't see how it would continue on as activity picks up, as demand overall picks up. So we feel good about the resiliency there. And it's a great way to refresh the fleet. The repositioning, I mean well, it's what we did. We manage the business that's part of the advantage of having very broad end markets that we serve in a very broad geography. So, we don't have to move because our network is so dense, we don't have to move equipment across the country. So the repositioning, it happens on a daily basis and it's really just moving it to where the customer needs. And it's not something that we're calling out any exceptional cost or anything like that for.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thanks, I'll pass it on.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Chad.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for fitting me in here. I actually only have one left because I feel like we've gotten through a lot on this call. So I'll keep it quick. I guess maybe because you guys talk about the drop through that you've implied in 2021 is a bit lower than you would normally see in the course of a recovery. I know, obviously, there's the 1Q comps dynamic, but can you maybe talk about what you've embedded with respect to some of these temporary cost actions coming back? And maybe bonus accrual to what extent you have kind of these like more exaggerated headwinds impacting drop through?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Nicole. Sure. I'll actually use the midpoint even though I usually - my standard is not to anchor to the midpoint, I'll use that for - I'll use the midpoint right now for just to walk through. If I think about flow through at the midpoint for guidance, it is 31.5%. We be one of the biggest costs that will reset in the business in 2021 are our bonuses. And that is going to be about a $50 million headwind at target. And that translates into about 50 basis points of margin. So absent that bonus reset margins, at the midpoint year-over-year would actually be flat. And then from a flow through perspective, if I adjust for that same $50 million it's a flow through ex-bonus of about 50%. So that's the largest one factor, I would point out. The other factor I'd point out is the resetting of some of the other costs. So we mentioned T&E, I would also say some of the variable costs that will flex with the increase in the activity and just getting the business back to a normal flow of operating costs. That's also built into the guidance and the flow through that you see. We haven't quantified or really identified beyond some of the obvious ones, right? Like T&E some of our professional fees. We haven't quantified what that looks like. We built into our range expectations of some of those costs coming back at slightly higher pace than the overall revenue growth in the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks, Jess. I'll stop there.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Nicole.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. And thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. You'll find our updated investor deck online, so please take a look at that. And as always, Ted is available for your questions. And we look forward to sharing the progress on our call in April. So with that, operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you, and thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. These uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information, or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent Investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery : Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll start with some observations that will frame out our discussion about the quarter as well as our customers and our markets. What we saw in the third quarter was a continuing recovery, albeit at a moderate pace. Our end markets are improving. And for the first quarter, since COVID hit, the trends were in line with normal seasonality. That said, volumes were still down year-over-year. Near term, we have good visibility. Market activity looks positive, and customer sentiment is trending up. Longer term, we expect that future events, including a potential vaccine, are likely to have a significant impact on demand. I'm pleased that we delivered strong results in this environment. We have our arms around the things we can control, and we're showing discipline and agility in our daily operations. You saw that in our numbers where we outperformed our own expectations for the third quarter, and we did it safely. It's a different world out there right now. And every time our employees interact with each other, or with customers, or a supplier, their behavior is guided by our safety protocols and those protocols help the team turn in another safe quarter, with a recordable rate below 1. And that was a hard-fought win, when you factor in the fires in California, or the storms in the Gulf, or just simply the daily challenges of COVID. So kudos to the team for their effort. In a few minutes, Jess will take you through our results. But first, I'll touch on a few highlights. Number one is margin. Rental revenue was about 13% below third quarter last year, but we made the most of it by controlling our operating costs. And I give the team full credit for that, because it's their discipline in the field that helps preserve our margin. And as volumes in the quarter went up, SG&A as a percent of revenue went down. So clearly, we're being vigilant with controlling our variable costs. Another highlight for the quarter is our free cash flow. We generated over $2 billion of free cash flow year-to-date through September and our ability to produce significant cash in a downturn is a key strength of our business model. The return to normal seasonality isn't enough to offset the impact of the pandemic, but it's definitely in the right direction. And it gives us a good line of sight on the fourth quarter. And based on that current visibility and our third quarter performance, we've updated our 2020 full year guidance to reflect higher targets for revenue, EBITDA, CapEx and free cash flow. Now looking at our operating environment, the recovery in North America has been fairly broad-based and customer sentiment continues to trend up. We see business confidence improving in our own customer surveys as well as many external indicators. Used equipment sales are another helpful indicator of demand. Our third quarter revenue from used sales was essentially flat with last year and used pricing held up as well. So demand is holding steady. And in fact, we sold 35% more fleet through the retail channel in the quarter compared with third quarter last year. And that tells us that contractors are buying fleet they feel confident they can put to work. We're also encouraged by the industry's discipline on supply, which you can see in available third-party data. And we applaud this because a disciplined approach will serve everyone's interest as the recovery gains steam. In July, I noted that rental volumes in all of our geographic regions finished the second quarter above the trough for fleet on rent we saw in April. In the third quarter, we continued to gain ground, with rental revenue increasing sequentially in 15 of our 16 regions, and that one outlier region was essentially flat. The standout verticals so far have been the ones we've been talking about: power, biotech and pharmaceuticals, and we see solid activity from warehousing and distribution, data centers, hospitals and other facilities in the healthcare and technology sectors. And there were some verticals that were a little less pronounced, but still on a positive path. Food and beverage is an example of a vertical that's edged back to historical levels. And by contrast, as I'm sure you know, all segments of oil and gas remain depressed, led by upstream. Looking specifically at construction, non-res markets, as a whole, showed mild improvement, while retail, hospitality and entertainment remained largely on pause. The individual verticals within non-res are still a mixed bag, but our core markets all have solid long-term fundamentals. And there's also a broad range of new projects starting up across our operating landscape, and this was true in our second and third quarters, and we're seeing the same thing this quarter. And this activity spans multiple markets, including manufacturing, automotive and road and bridge work, as examples, as well as the other positive verticals I mentioned earlier. And the team is doing a great job of getting in the door with these projects at an early stage. One side note worth mentioning is the possible shift to an on-shoring strategy by North American manufacturers. This year has highlighted the vulnerability of the supply chains, and on-shoring could be a way to reduce this risk. And if that trend pans out, it could benefit 2 areas where our company is often first call with customers, in industrial construction and plant maintenance. Also, a word about our Specialty segment, which continues to be resilient overall. Our power and HVAC business, in particular, had another strong performance in the quarter. And all of our specialty offerings are poised to capture incremental demand, and we're continuing to make strategic investments in the growth of this segment. Through September, we've opened a total of 13 new specialty locations, and we're on track with our plan for 15 openings for this year. And I want to take a minute to talk about how we look at strategic investments, because capital discipline is more critical now than it's ever been. And I've already mentioned that we're controlling our costs to benefit our margins, and we've reduced our full year CapEx significantly, but we haven't gone full stop on investing in the business. We're taking the long view. We're managing our capital to support our customers and to drive long-term returns for our investors. The ongoing expansion of our specialty network is one good example of that. And as you saw in our guidance, we allocated some CapEx for fleet to address targeted areas of demand. Throughout all the disruption this year, we kept our eye on the big picture, and we're making sound decisions with the benefit of a robust balance sheet. I'll sum it up by saying all the things we've been doing right this year, we're still doing right. And that's the plan, execute well under all market conditions. And with COVID, that means, first and foremost, protecting our people, serving our customers, running a tight shift and doing all of this without limiting our capacity for growth. The strong third quarter results we reported show that the plan is working. And now we have higher expectations for the fourth quarter than we did 3 months ago, in large part because we have more visibility into the near term. And we'll see how that plays out as we move into 2021. I'm going to close with some things that I could say with absolute certainty in what's been a very uncertain year. As I look around our company, I'm proud of the way our team has stayed together, and it's working safely. And I'm glad that our operations have been able to remain open to serve our customers, because communities rely on these projects. And I'm pleased that we continue to be responsive to all of our stakeholders. And finally, I'm confident that we have the right strategy in place to leverage our competitive advantages and convert our revenue into attractive returns. Every economic environment, weak or strong, has its opportunities, and this one is no different. We know how to use our strengths to make the most of any market conditions, and we did that on the downside of this pandemic, and we'll do it on the upside as well. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Jess, and then we'll take your questions. Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano : Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. As Matt mentioned, we're pleased with our results in Q3, notably rental revenue that tracked to seasonal trends, as expected. And the cost management our team delivered across the business, which was better than expected. We've generated significant free cash flow to-date and continue to strengthen our balance sheet. And I'll speak to both in a bit, and also provide some comments on our updated guidance for the full year. Let's start with rental revenue for the quarter. Rental revenue for the third quarter was $1.86 billion, which is down $286 million or 13.3% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER decreased $259 million or 14.1%. In that, a 4.6% drop in the average size of the fleet was an $84 million headwind to revenue. Inflation of 1.5% cost us another $27 million, and fleet productivity was down 8% or $148 million on lower volumes. I'll note that fleet productivity did improve by a healthy 560 basis points from Q2, which is mainly from better fleet absorption. Rounding out the decline in rental revenue for the quarter was $27 million in lower ancillary and re-rent revenues, or an 80 basis point headwind. Let's move to used sales. Used sales revenue was basically flat year-over-year at $199 million. The retail market continues to be quite strong for us, and we sold significantly more fleet through this channel through Q3 last year, with OEC sold up 35%. Used margins in the quarter were healthy as well. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 44.2% versus 46% in Q3 last year. That change reflects softer year-over-year pricing, partially offset by improved channel mix. Importantly, cash proceeds, as a percentage of original cost, was a robust 51.4% on fleet sold that was, on average, 7 years old. Taking a look at EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.081 billion, down $126 million or 10.4% year-over-year. Here is the bridge on the dollar change. The impact from rental was a drag of $162 million, OER was a headwind of $168 million, offset by a combined $6 million of tailwind from ancillary and re-rent. Used sales were a headwind to EBITDA of $3 million, and other lines of business, together, were a drag of $6 million. Year-over-year, SG&A was a benefit to EBITDA in the quarter by $45 million, with the majority of that benefit coming from lower discretionary costs, including T&E and professional fees as well as lower bonus expense. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was very strong, coming in at 49.4%, up 90 basis points year-over-year. This reflects our continued commitment to aggressively manage costs. It was also benefited by certain one-time items contributing about $20 million to the quarter, including an insurance gain resulting from a flood event settled in Q3. Adjusting for the non-recurring benefits, adjusted EBITDA margin was flat, despite a 12% decline in total revenue year-over-year. Flow-through, as reported, was approximately 42%. Again, adjusting for those one-time benefits, the resulting flow-through of just under 49% evidenced the flexibility we have in our business model to respond quickly on costs. Through the third quarter, we continued to bring delivery and repair in-house to reduce the use of third-parties. As a result, our overtime increased versus Q2, but continued to be down versus Q3 last year. And we continue to avoid discretionary spend where possible, mostly in G&A. A quick comment on adjusted EPS, which was $5.40, that compares with $5.96 in Q3 last year. The year-over-year decline is primarily due to lower net income from lower revenue. Let's move to CapEx. For the quarter, rental CapEx declined 49% to $432 million, bringing our year-to-date spend to $785 million in gross rental CapEx. Year-to-date proceeds from sales of used equipment were $583 million, resulting in net CapEx of $202 million. That's 85% lower than net CapEx at September 30 last year, and reflects our continuing focus on capital discipline and fleet absorption given current rental volumes. ROIC remains strong, coming in at 9.2% for the third quarter. Now that continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital, which currently runs about 7%. Year-over-year, ROIC was down 150 basis points, driven by the decline in revenue. Turning to free cash flow, which, through the end of September, is a record for us. We have generated over $2 billion of free cash flow year-to-date, an increase of over $900 million year-over-year. With the majority of our cash flow dedicated to debt reduction this year, our balance sheet continues to be the strongest it's ever been. Net debt was down $1.5 billion to $9.9 billion at September 30. Leverage was 2.4 times, down from 2.6 times at the end of 2019. Liquidity remains extremely strong. We finished the third quarter with over $3.4 billion in total liquidity. That's made up of ABL capacity of just under $3.1 billion and availability on our AR facility of $165 million. We also had $174 million in cash. On October 15, we used the ABL to redeem our $750 million 4 5/8 senior notes due 2025. Our decision to do so included our views of continuing strength in liquidity, and extends our next maturity on long-term notes out to 2026. Total liquidity, as of yesterday, October 28, was over $2.8 billion, and we expect that to increase to the end of the year, consistent with our free cash flow guidance. Speaking of guidance, I'll close with a few comments. We've tightened and raised the bottom of our total revenue range as our visibility increases, and we expect to see a normal seasonal trend in demand in Q4. We also expect used sales will remain solid. We've tightened our adjusted EBITDA range and have raised our expectations for the full year, in part from the strength of Q3's results. Our gross CapEx guidance of between $900 million and $950 million is higher than our prior guidance as we manage fleet mix in support of customer projects. And finally, our free cash flow update continues to signal the strength and resiliency of our business model as we plan to generate over $2.2 billion in free cash flow this year and, in turn, plan to use the majority of it to reduce our debt. And with that, let's move on to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Dave Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Dave Raso : Just trying to think about the fleet for next year. How should we think about the thought -- base case as of right now? How do you think about sizing the fleet versus the size of the fleet that you expect to end this year? And maybe remind us the mix between how you view replacement CapEx? And then related to that, what kind of used equipment sales would you look for?
Matt Flannery : Sure, Dave. This is Matt. So when we think about next year -- and timing is appropriate because we're in the middle of our planning process right now. But as we think about next year, we -- as a starting point, we expect to sell about the same amount of used equipment that we will this year. And then from there, we're going to look at demand and say, alright, do we replace all of that fleet? Hopefully, that answer is yes. And then if so, how much extra capacity do we have in our existing fleet to serve any incremental demand? And then depending on how robust the demand is, will be if we are going to end up in the growth CapEx. Now the good news for us, timing-wise, is, as you saw this year, we can be very flexible to how much we can flex up or down depending on the demand environment, as you saw by us cutting over $1 billion this year when we really didn't get a peek into that challenge until mid-March. So we'll do the same thing this year. We'll take a look. And sometime in the spring, we'll have to start to make some decisions. But I think by then, we'll have a lot more clarity on what demand looks like. So that flexibility gives me a lot of -- gives us a lot of hope in that the environment will be there, but also the ability to react if it's not. So no bet yet on 2021, but if this healing of the macro continues, we feel -- we don't expect to not replace used fleet that we sell at a minimum. And then we'll see where the demand goes from there.
Dave Raso: And if that's the case, unless there's a radical change in what you get for used values versus the OEC of that equipment that's being sold, if your base case is not thinking about shrinking the size of the fleet, wouldnt that speak to gross CapEx $1.6 billion or so? Because I think we've spoken in the past, roughly, that's a replacement type number anyway. So it sort of seems to triangulate to that sort of the base case. Is that just a fair assessment when we think of the size of the fleet?
Matt Flannery : I think that would be the right way to think about a base case. And then from there, it would be -- everything else would be demand-based. Now in an environment like this year, we didn't even replace all the used sales that we had, because we had extra capacity existing. So we took that opportunity to take the fleet down as you saw. But we're not anticipating that next year. And once again, we won't have to make those decisions until the spring, and we'll react to the demand environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citi. Your question please.
Tim Thein : Matt, you started talking about the near-term visibility. I'm curious, maybe if you can just expand on that a bit as to -- as you speak to the branches, what -- can you help us in terms of just their overall visibility levels? And then potentially, how does that compare to, I don't know, this time last year? Is that -- any kind of benchmarks you can provide? Just to get a sense for, obviously, big question marks regarding as we work through this project pipeline, what's there to fill it up beyond that? So maybe just speak to what you hear from the branches with regards to project activity and just overall visibility would be great.
Matt Flannery : Sure, Tim. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we're hearing the same feedback that we're actually experiencing from our field leaders, and that is that activity continues to incrementally improve with normal seasonal patterns. So they're seeing that. The visibility question, frankly, if they thought they had more visibility than through Q1, I would worry about it anyway, and they're not pretending to it. It all depends on how the macro environment responds to this winter. And I think we will have a much better take on that from January, but near term, their visibility is strong, which is why we've had the confidence to change our guidance. And I think beyond that, we're going to take the time we have between now and January to get a better look at how the world, but more specifically for us, how the U.S. and Canada respond to COVID. And I'll say that we're hopeful, this healing that's going on in the macro environment that we're seeing through green shoots and new projects that we're seeing through outside oil and gas, most verticals and, to be fair, probably lodging and travel. Most verticals are showing some growth or are maintaining the growth that we've seen since the trough that we talked about in Q2. So they're encouraged, and I'd say cautiously optimistic is the best way to think about it.
Tim Thein : Okay. And maybe I'll sneak one more, and that was just on the operating costs. And as to what you've learned through this period this year in terms of, you talked earlier about cutting as it was a theme on the second quarter call in terms of some of the third-party costs and delivery and alike, how much of that, Matt, do you think you can extend presumably as volumes do improve. I guess, the question is how much of these cost benefits can be sustainable? And obviously, some of it were T&E and some of the discretionary things, presumably at some point, come back. But it's really around the kind of the longevity and the sustainability of some of these operating cost benefits that you've realized this year?
Matt Flannery : Yes. So I think that the term of necessity is mother of invention is appropriate here, right? So as we thought about how we really wanted to hold the team intact. So when we get on the other side of this COVID tunnel, as we've been calling it, to make sure we have the ability to respond. And we've been able to do that through the in-sourcing kind of that you referred to. Just to give a data point, our headcount year-over-year is only down about 3%. And as you see, our margin -- I mean, our revenue volume for the quarter was down about 13%. And the reason we were able to do that, without having to sacrifice margin, is because we took some of our most expensive costs, like outside hauling, third-party repairs, and we in-sourced. So this way, we're keeping our people busy and, frankly, employed during a very difficult time. But to have capacity to be able to respond quickly as projects and markets continue to heal and grow. So that's something I think is silver lining through this COVID that we're going to utilize in the future. We haven't put math to it, to what extent, because one of the variables there is how fast is the demand going to grow? And how can you keep up with it? So I think that's a key learning for us that this in-sourcing opportunity is a great way to not only have control of that variable, but to actually do it in a more efficient way. As far as T&E and all that, we absolutely hope it comes back, because that means the world is healing and our people are out there with our customers and our employees. So that's less of an impact than the rental operating costs, as you can imagine. But we'd expect some of that to normalize. It might even increase a little bit here. So that's the way we're looking at the world right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Ashok Sivamohan : This is Ashok Sivamohan on for Jerry Revich. The 51% recovery rate in the utilization environment was a pleasant surprise. What would you attribute the strength in the used market to? And why did the used market recover ahead of industry utilization cycle?
Jessica Graziano : So this is Jessica. What I would say is a strength that we have here at United Rentals is that a large portion of our used sales are in a retail market that are essentially sales to our customers, right? And we continue to see strength through that retail channel. As a matter of fact, as I mentioned earlier, we had 35% more volume move through that channel this Q3 versus last. And so the strength of that is really indicative of our customers needing that equipment. And the continuing recovery that Matt also mentioned that we're seeing pretty broadly across the majority of our end markets. So the strength that we're seeing in used sales, I think, is directly attributable to that same recovery pace that we're seeing across the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber : I just wanted to go back to the expense and cost question again. Really good job on the quarter here. But if I'm looking at the fourth quarter, it looks like margins are going to be down -- EBITDA margin is going to be down quite a bit year-over-year, kind of based on the midpoint of your guide. I'm just trying to tie a couple of these things together, where you're talking about some of the in-sourcing is a permanent change and stuff like that. But it looks like margins are going to be kind of down meaningfully year-to-year, even though they were just about flat year-over-year, if there's anything I'm missing there?
Jessica Graziano : Seth, so 2 things that I mentioned. So first, I know you've heard me say this before, but I think it's really important this quarter not to anchor to the midpoint. We've done a lot of work at possibilities of how the revenue could come in and what that means in terms of EBITDA and even some of the cost trends. And so I'll give that caution again about not anchoring to the midpoint. The other thing that I'll mention is in the fourth quarter of last year, we had a tailwind in bonus expense. And so the impact that that's going to have on the fourth quarter this year, from a margin perspective, is going to be somewhere -- if I use midpoint revenue, it's going to be somewhere around 50 basis points to 70 basis points of drag. So that's going to play through Q4 as well.
Seth Weber : Sure. Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow up on the specialty business. We've been hearing more. Just other national players have been talking more about getting bigger in the specialty space. Can you just kind of characterize what you're seeing in the specialty market as far as more competition or just asset valuations going up for M&A? Just kind of characterize what's happening in that market?
Matt Flannery : Sure, Seth. This is Matt. We're continuing to feel very strongly about our specialty business, the performance, as well the resiliency of the businesses have been doing great. They've been performing better than the business overall. All this was part of the strategy and expected. We do hear a lot of people talking about getting into the specialty business, understand what that dynamic could cause. I'll tell you that we still are seeing positive trends in specialty. And I would say that the performance tells us there's either more penetration opportunity or the competition is not moving as quickly as maybe it may sound like. But either way, we're very pleased with what we're doing from a specialty perspective. And as you recall, last year, they had some transient issues with margins that we talked about. They're also doing this in a tough environment with improved margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre from Baird. Your question please.
Mig Dobre: If we can, I'd like to go back to the guidance. I'm just trying to understand the moving pieces here as well. Can you maybe comment on how you're thinking about equipment rental revenue specifically from a sequential standpoint, relative to used?
Matt Flannery : Yes. Is your question from a year-over-year comp perspective? Or what exactly you want to get at, Mig?
Mig Dobre: I'm trying to understand how you're thinking about revenue sequentially rather than year-over-year, right? I recognize that you commented on seasonality. But, obviously, there are a lot of moving pieces here as we're dealing with yet another big spike in infections and activity is choppy in some end markets like you called out. So I'm trying to understand, specifically here, are you thinking that this line item can be flat sequentially? Maybe a little bit down? How do you think about it?
Matt Flannery : So we would expect Q4, in any environment, over Q3 to be sequentially down. And you've heard us talk before. Once we get around mid-November, we start to see what we lovingly and Im going to use that tongue in cheek called the turkey drop. So for the 30 years I've been in this business, I've never quite gotten comfortable with it. But we'll see a lot of fleet come off rent during that last half of the quarter. So therefore, we always expect sequentially that Q4 revenue will be lower than Q3 revenue by a little bit. And when you look at our change to our guidance, we're actually overall for total rent revenue for the year and revenue for the year feeling better than we did a few months ago. So I would think that, that sequential dip is -- would be normal seasonality. And part of what we've been talking about is that normal seasonal trend. Nothing out of the ordinary for us. As a matter of fact, if you think about the fact that we just raised CapEx, that's for specific projects that are coming out of the ground here in Q4 and specific opportunities. So that, in itself, we view as a positive sign that rent revenue will continue to trend with normal seasonal patterns.
Mig Dobre : Okay. I appreciate that. And then the follow up on the cost side, given the way you're kind of thinking about equipment rental revenue. As far as the cost of equipment rental sequentially, should that follow revenue as well? Or are there some inflationary items that can impact the fourth quarter?
Matt Flannery : I would say thats just tactically right, as a lifelong operator. One of the interesting things of Q4 is when all that fleet comes off rent, youre going to still have an enormous amount of activity, although you're not increasing your volumes of billable revenue. Because you're going to get all that fleet back and you're going to repair it when you get it back. So there are a little bit of cost disconnect in Q4 to that dynamic, but nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing that we haven't managed for years here, and nothing to call out specifically. But it is just think about it sequentially saying the cost would drop to the same level of revenue. It's usually not quite accurate in Q4, but nothing to call out, nothing out of the ordinary.
Mig Dobre : Okay. Understood. And if I may one more. If we're looking at your fleet, the actual number of units came down maybe, call it, 30,000 through 2020. And I'm just curious, can you provide some perspective in terms of what the mix of these units were? I mean, was there maybe a little more concentration in earthmoving aerials? And anything that you'd call out here would be helpful.
Matt Flannery : Yes. I wouldn't say that the fleet profile has changed significantly overall. We continue to outspend our way in specialty products versus gen rent. But outside of that, the mix was in gen rent. It will vary a little bit depending on projects and needs, but nothing material that I would call out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher : Just to clarify with the base case you talked to David Raso about reflects in terms of market activity year-over-year next year. Does that base case assume a modest decline in the market? Or flat or some modest growth? Or really it doesn't assume anything at all for the market? And just as a rule, place whatever you sell regardless of what the markets are? I just wanted to clarify that, please.
Matt Flannery : Sure. So the latter. To be clear, right, we'll use the replacement CapEx as a starting point, then that will flex to meet demand, right? Well, first full demand with existing capacity. Let's say, for example, in this year, that existing capacity we had was greater, we had more opportunity that told us that we didn't need to replace all that would be going one direction. The other direction is we fill any incremental demand that was beyond the existing fleet size, right, thinking about the starting point being keeping fleet constant. Whatever gap we couldn't fill with existing capacity, existing fleet, we would then get incremental capital. So it's not a forecast usage tool. It's just to think about in a continually improving macro environment, your starting point, if we didn't need to shrink the fleet, would be to start at that replacement capital number. That's really what that has illustrated.
Steven Fisher : Got it. And then I wonder if you could just talk about the lessons learned in the post-election period in 2017? And how you manage the fleet? And I know macro environments are always a bit different. But curious, we're going to be coming up against another post-election period. There may be some optimism on infrastructure. Anything that you learned last time that you're trying to incorporate now and over the next few months as you kind of plan for what you may or may not need to do?
Matt Flannery : I would say, from a political perspective, outside of some type of infrastructure funding, which I think has bipartisan support, the issue there is how they're going to get funded. Outside of that, we're not -- we'll keep a very close eye on that as we have. We're not really watching that political environment from a macro perspective too much. We understand there may be winners and losers in certain sectors, but the impact on our business will be, we'll ship the assets to the winning verticals, and that's part of the resiliency of our model is that flexibility of very fungible assets. Personally, I think how we get through the pandemic will have a much bigger impact on how fast the economy recovers than the political environment. But once again, we have the time to wait and see and react.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your question please.
Chad Dillard : So it's probably fair to assume that we're going to see a shift in non-residential construction away from kind of the commercial side, probably more towards data centers, renewables, warehouses. Just trying to understand like just how your equipment needs change? If you could give some color on, from the classes of equipment, the mix between general versus specialty mix, that would be super helpful.
Matt Flannery : Yes. I would say that shift, right, within non-res would not be as pronounced there. Maybe you'll get a little bit heavier to some larger scissor products versus smaller electric scissors, maybe a move a little bit, of Reach Fork. And -- but these are businesses and end markets that we've been supporting for quite some time. And so I wouldn't view a huge profile change from our asset base. As far as specialty, that's all about penetration. I would see infrastructure being a major area. I would see as turnarounds come back in refineries, that could be more opportunity for our specialty business as well as our gen rent. So I wouldn't say that shift within non-res as making a huge fleet profile change. I think more it would be industrial changes that would give us some maybe outweighted opportunity for our specialty products, because the industrial end markets tend to use the sole source broader fleet usage for us.
Chad Dillard : Got it. And then just in your industrial side of your business, can you talk about the pace of recovery that you're seeing right now? How far below normalized levels is that business kind of thinking specifically on the pet chems refining side?
Matt Flannery : Yes. Petrochem has really been a challenge this year, led by upstream. When you think about -- I believe that rig count for Q3 was down 73% for upstream. So that's been the biggest challenge within a challenging overall petrochem environment. The good news for us -- and our upstream business was down 56% in the quarter. The good news for us is it's kind of bottomed out. And it's about 2% of overall revenue. So we're not counting on or expecting any recovery there anytime soon. If it comes, we'll measure how quickly we'll react and how we'll react with really just specific key customers that have bigger value for us. I'm not chasing the oil rush. I don't think I see us doing that again. Downstream is totally different ball of wax and they as well have been challenged, but we're very well positioned with these refineries. And I think as the world opens up again, and the need for their output increases, we're going to be poised -- very well poised for that to be a future opportunity. Whether that happens, at what period, in 2021 that happens? We don't have a position on yet. I can tell you that fourth quarter turnarounds and shutdowns have been delayed again as these people are really conserving cash and trying to do everything they can to control costs. But we'll be patient, and I would see that as an opportunity. But when you look at petrochem, overall, it's about 12% of our overall business and challenged right now. Industrial, when you take that out, it's actually been flattish. It's been moderating. So it's been a better story once we take that petrochem headwind out of it. And I talked a little bit about the potential for offshoring, the potential for manufacturing opportunity here. And that's something we're keeping a close eye on, because that could be another leg of growth that we could look forward to kind of offset some of the challenges in the industrial end market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer : Matt, I wanted to ask if I could, 1 short-term and 1 long-term question. In the short term, you've done a lot on downside flexibility in the cost structure and industry pricing, its held up according to the PPI and so forth. Based on prior downturns, when do you think you're kind of -- you can put the stamp on it and say, yes, this really has worked differently? Maybe price should have already collapsed and it hasn't so it's already there, maybe wait till spring, maybe longer. I'm just a little bit curious about how you feel about when that is sort of finally proven out? My structural question, if I may is, amidst all this, should we expect that youre continuing strategic activity? And if we look out 3 years, are you going to be in a couple of new specialty verticals? And is there any underlying progress on what you might be looking at there?
Matt Flannery : Sure, Rob. So on the first part of your question, that is a wildcard, right? This is where our lack of visibility of trying to time out when this dislocation, downturn, pandemic future term. When it ends? We really -- I think we really have to wait and see how we respond specifically in this winter and how things go up, and how the government, municipality, state and really, the population responds to it. So this is a bit different than any of the other downturns I've been in, in my career. So I would say that that's still an open-ended question for us. But I think we've been seeing the signs of resiliency through this. And I think that whether it's the used sales volume holding up, whether it's that we're still seeing new projects start here in the fourth quarter as there's still a lot of concerns about when the broader economy is going to accelerate. So we feel, I'll repeat, cautiously optimistic. We're seeing some good signs. They could all pause and go back. We don't know, but I think we're positioned as I talked about our flexibility for it either way. So there is no template, no boiler plate for pandemic-related downturn that I could pull out of the drawer. But at the same time, we are seeing activity pick up, which I view as a very positive sign. From an M&A perspective, we continue to be focused on any M&A pipeline activity that we think makes sense for us strategically, and then it goes through the rigor. Well, does it make sense? Is the timing, right? And most importantly, does it make financial sense? So admittedly, for the past 6 months, it hasn't been a large area of focus. But the pipeline still keeps working. Our M&A team, our business dev team will take inbound calls still keeps working. And we'll continue to do that with a lean towards anything that we can do to serve our customers with more products and services. To broaden that, as you heard me talk about that competitive moat to help do more -- solve more problems, we think, is just part of our whole value prop. So there would continue to be that lean to any new products that we can bring to market with our existing customers on our existing projects, is something we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger : I guess, I'm curious on your fleet productivity metric. Could you just give us some high-level thoughts on cadence of that, inflection? And some of the considerations perhaps how you're seeing smaller competitors behave in this environment that we're in?
Jessica Graziano : Scott, hi, it's Jess. So yes, I mean, we're encouraged as we think about fleet productivity in an environment where this healing continues and the recovery -- this moderate recovery extends into 2021 that we've talked about fleet productivity getting better, right, and starting to turn, particularly in the back half of next year, right? May come a little sooner, depending on how that recovery works through, but we are encouraged that, with a focus on continuing to have better absorption with each quarter that passes that, that fleet productivity is going to get better for us as 2021 goes on.
Scott Schneeberger : And then as a follow-up, just on the fleet aging, we're in that type of environment. Just curious, your comfort level of how high you can go on average? I know what is announcement by asset consideration. But also efficiency efforts and advancements you've made in repair and maintenance over the years, does that makes you comfortable in the demand at the moment?
Matt Flannery : Sure, Scott. So when we think about how much we sweated the fleet, I'll use the term that's been used frequently. The great news is because of the used sales volume that we've had this year and the ability to continue to get out what we call, RUL, rental useful life fleet, and manage this cradle to grave of these assets. We actually -- I think weve picked up on a year-over-year basis only about 5 months of fleet [agents]. Considering what we've gone through, that's less than we thought we would have, quite frankly. So we've always talked about that we'd have 12 months of headroom, at least in any particular Cat Class. We haven't even had to use half of that in what's been a very challenging year. So not that I want to speak this into anyone's future. If we had to wash, rinse and repeat 2020, again in '21, we'd be able to do it from a fleet age perspective without any meaningful increase in R&M. So that's the way we view that. We're very comfortable with that. And once again, it's important the way that we manage assets cradle to grave. The exit part of this is a big part of keeping that fleet age healthy and have the ability to get through any part of the cycle.
Operator: Our final question for today comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Courtney Yakavonis : I was wondering if we could just go back to the in-sourcing discussion. It sounds like over time, it's been picking up this quarter. You haven't really reduced the head count at all. It's pretty almost flat year-over-year. Can you just help us understand how much more in-sourcing can you do without having to raise the headcount to do that? And if you can just help us quantify, at all, how much that opportunity could be? Maybe what you spent on third-party last year versus the increase over time to be this year? And then also, do you have any more systems in place that will help you manage that headcount maybe a little bit better? And why you haven't done it historically?
Jessica Graziano : Courtney, it's Jess. So the headcount actually has gone down. So on a year-over-year and even as we think about the headcount from, let's call it, the middle of March, when the pandemic started, we've had some natural attrition in the business where our headcount has declined. And we have leaned on that overtime that I mentioned did go up in the third quarter. We have leaned on that overtime not just to support that in-sourcing effort that we're doing with repair and delivery, but also to support just the fact that headcount is down across the branches. So as we think about continuing to really manage through the opportunity of bringing that premium third-party cost in-house, it's a learning that we've had through the COVID period of having a better balance around how much full-time headcount do we want, how much overtime can we use as a flex for when seasonally the activity will peak and ebb and how we can continue to use third parties where we need to, but really focus instead on using our own capacity to be able to support the activity. Now if we think about that from what's that worth financially, frankly, I don't think the business has normalized for enough of a period of time where we can put a number on that. But I can tell you as one of the primary learnings we've had from an operational perspective, there's definitely opportunity for us to continue to tweak how we use our inside labor to be able to support the business. I couldn't tell you right now exactly how much thats worth, but it's definitely something that could drive productivity in the future.
Matt Flannery : Courtney, just for me to add on is, one interesting point you made, it sounds like me talking in a business review with the team in the field. When you talked about how can we have it manage the headcount earlier? I actually think we might have, what we're learning is we may have over-managed it. And using headcount as a proxy for cost, and what in-sourcing is [product]. So what I think the future opportunity is, is you can keep your heads heavier and get rid of higher per transaction cost through the outsourcing, which we used to look at as the opportunity for seasonal spikes. So these are some of the learnings that we'll be looking at. And Jess and the team will be will be turning through and great opportunity for the future.
Courtney Yakavonis : That's helpful. And then just on the step-up, however slight it was in gross CapEx. Can you just share, was that largely just more replacement? Or was that more focused on specialty? And just any thoughts about the increase that you saw this year? Or was it really just because utilization trended better than you were expecting?
Matt Flannery : Yes. This was really a mix of both things that you had mentioned. Certainly, some specialty, and we have mentioned how power has had a real strong year. So certainly, some more capital than we had expected going there. But also even within our gen rent product lines, there are some categories that, as we sat here at peak season in October, we were tight on. And it's hard to believe when you think about that fleet productivity and volume still down year-over-year, but every dollar of CapEx is not created equal. There are some assets out there that we needed to go purchase to support some big customers on some projects coming out of the ground, and that's what that raise was about. By definition, if you think about replacement CapEx being dollar for dollar, we won't replace all the fleet that we sold this year because our spend will be significantly less than the OEC value what we sold. So it really wouldn't be tied to replacement.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Matthew Flannery for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery : Thank you, operator. And to everyone on the call, we appreciate your time. Thanks for joining. I'm glad we had, what we feel, is a positive story to tell. And our Q3 investor deck has the latest updates, including some key ESG data from our new corporate Responsibility Report that we released last week. So please take a look at that. And as always, if you have any questions, feel free to call Ted. So until we talk again in January, stay safe. Have a good holiday season, and look forward to talking to you soon. Operator, you can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your question contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statements contained in the companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release and todays call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the companys recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Jonathan and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. Ill begin with a statement that sums up our position on 2020. We believe weve weathered the worst of the economic impact from the pandemic. And while the shape of the recovery remains unclear, the wholesale shutdown of the macro has started to lift. The visibility is still somewhat limited, but near-term indicator suggest that activity in the second half of 2020 may continue to track with seasonal patterns, which is something that we saw in June and July. The COVID response plan we shared with you in April is working. We can point to tangible gains from executing that plan, most notably, a strong second quarter performance. More than anything, our results confirmed the flexibility and resiliency of our operating model. Its one of the reasons we felt comfortable reintroducing full year guidance. I want to start with a few metrics from the second quarter and after that, Jess will take you through the results and the guidance in detail, and then well go to Q&A. One highlight of the quarter is OEC on rent. Im happy to report that rental volumes in all of our geographic regions finished the quarter above the trough they had in April. And for the company as a whole, that low point came on April 9. From that date through June 30, fleet on rent showed fairly steady improvement rebounding by almost 14%. This translates to over $1 billion of incremental fleet on rent. The biggest takeaways from the quarter have to do with the five work streams we introduced in April. And to remind you, they are ensuring employee safety, supporting the needs of our customers, showing discipline with both our CapEx and our operating expenditures and proactively managing our balance sheet. Ill first speak to the cost management. This was very evident in our results. We aggressively flexed our operating expenses to mitigate the revenue loss, resulting in a decline of just 50 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin. Our margin in the quarter was 46.4%, implying a strong flow through of about 50%. I see proof of our cost vigilance every day in our spent on things like third-party services and overtime. And while certain costs will return with volume, the team has gone above and beyond to run a lean shift. Turning to CapEx. Were now guiding to a range of $800 million to $900 million for 2020. This is significantly lower than the $2.1 billion gross CapEx we spent last year. Our primary focus this year is to serve customers with the fleet that we already own. And when we do make selective investments, theyre targeted to specific opportunities. And as a result of this cost and capital discipline, our free cash flow generation in the quarter was a very strong $817 million. This is a year-over-year increase of almost 300%. Im particularly pleased, we achieve these numbers without compromising our capacity for the future. This means, no branch closures, no COVID-related layoff. We thought long and hard about this playbook for years and it came together quickly in March. Were taking a measured response that serves the near and long-term interest of the company. Just a lot more to say about the financial impacts of the work streams, but I wanted you to understand just how well our field organization is rising to the challenge. And it was a huge ask of them to provide essential services during such a difficult time. And theyre doing a great job. Not only did the team embrace the health and safety protocols in our COVID plan, but they did it safely with another recordable rate below 1. The work stream also gives you a birds eye view of how were maintaining our competitive advantages. In short, were managing the business in a way that leverages our value proposition. Customers see us as a business partner, capable of delivering value across all of their needs and under all conditions. And throughout this pandemic, weve been determined to meet this expectation. And Im happy to say, were succeeding. Now a few comments on the operating environment. Its certainly been a turbulent few months. Industrial activity has deteriorated more than construction, and thats not surprising given the domino effect of COVID on different parts of the industrial economy. For example, as people stayed at home, the decline in demand for gasoline and jet fuel significantly impacted our petrochem customers. And on the construction side, non-res is a very broad category that covers a lot of different market dynamics and some of the verticals have stayed busy throughout the pandemic like power and data center builds, and others are obviously more challenged like retail, hospitality. And now with states reopening, we see the same COVID news, you do about areas that are struggling to avoid spikes in the infection rates. And so far, it hasnt had any additional impact on our business. Our focus is on monitoring market conditions that could be triggered by infection rates like state and provincial construction restrictions. So well continue to keep a close eye on that. Were also seeing demand continue for our Specialty segment, which is holding up very well. Our strategic investments in specialty are making helpful contributions to the segment revenue this year. Another positive has been the strength of the used-equipment market. So far retail demand has remained solid. We view this as a leading indicator, meaning contractors expect to need equipment for their upcoming projects. And weve been able to leverage that demand to recover more than half of our original investment on equipment thats over seven years old. Big picture, we know that our end markets will recover at different speeds in different areas, fluctuations like this allow us to leverage our strengths of flexibility, diversification and scale. We have a deep fleet of fungible assets that we can shift between construction and industrial sectors and across geographies and verticals. Even in this environment, our flexibility helps to mitigate the pressure on revenue. We could also pivot to new opportunities that may arise from COVID. For example, the idea of repurposing large commercial properties has been floated by some construction analysts. This could create some incremental demands in the construction space. So that gives you some color. Our customers are still working their way out of the tunnel and its our job to be the partner that helps them get there. And what were hearing from our customers is that they have the same feeling we do about 2020, reasonable near-term visibility with current work and backlogs and less visibility in late 2020 and 2021. In the meantime, were on course with our plan and making good progress. All things considered, we delivered a strong second quarter with solid fundamentals for profitability. The things that we told you we could control, we did control, and we move fast in a very volatile environment. The guidance, we provided reflects our best estimates on what we can achieve, barring some significant change to the operating environment. And the ranges are a bit broader than we typically provided midyear, but thats the reality of the times were operating in. And under any scenario, we expect to generate significant free cash flow this year. And if the economic impacts, COVID linger on, we have additional flexibility and we can leverage in our business model to remain resilient. Ill wrap up with something I talked about last quarter. When I stated that the value we preserve now will be the foundation for the value we create in the future. A big part of that value is our commitment to being first call for customers under all market conditions. Weve been putting our best efforts in delivering on that commitment. And our Q2 results show that our best efforts and our business model are more than up to the task. Not only are we preserving value, were doing it strategically, in ways thatll drive returns today and in the future. Now with that, Ill hand the call over to Jess to cover the numbers. Jess?
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. Ill cover the highlights of the second quarter, which were of course, significantly impacted by COVID-19. Ill also share an update to our debt structure and finish with some comments on our 2020 guidance, before we move to Q&A, and theres a lot to cover. So lets jump in. Rental revenue for the second quarter was $1.64 billion, which is down $318 million or 16.2% year-over-year. Within rental revenue, OER decreased $264 million or 15.8%. In that fleet productivity was down 13.6% or $226 million, as primarily reflecting the decline in volume we experienced during the quarter, due to the pandemic. Inflation of about 1.5%, cost us another $26 million and a 0.7% drop in the average size of the fleet was a $12 million headwind to revenue. Rounding out the decline in rental revenue for the quarter was $46 million in lower ancillary revenues and $8 million in lower re-rent, which together were 40 basis point headwind to revenue. Lets move to used sales. Used sales revenue was down 10.7% or $21 million year-over-year, which is almost entirely due to less used fleet sold to OEMs in trade packages. The retail used market remains quite strong. OEC sold at retail was up 17% year-over-year, despite a slow start at the beginning of the quarter. Used margins in the quarter were healthy as well. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 46%. Now, while thats down from 49.2% in Q2 last year. Its up 30 basis points sequentially from Q1. Retail pricing was down about 6% of last years peak, but consistent with what we saw in the first quarter of this year. Finally, proceeds as a percentage of OEC were a robust 54%, and that sounds fleet sold, that was on average over seven years old. Taking a look at EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $899 million, down $174 million for 16.2% year-over-year. And heres a bridge on the dollar change. The impact on rental was a drag of $197 million. OER was a headwind of $179 million with ancillary and re-rent down the combined $18 million. The used sales impact on EBITDA was a headwind of $16 million. Year-over-year, SG&A was better by $48 million with the majority of that benefit coming from lower discretionary costs, including G&A. To a lesser extent, we also had lower commissions and bonus accruals versus Q2 last year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was a highlight in the quarter coming in at 46.4%. Now while thats down 50 basis points year-over-year, our margin clearly reflected our commitment to aggressively managed costs, particularly in the early part of the second quarter, when volumes were most depressed and restrictions were still in effect. Our focus on costs is also evidenced in adjusted EBITDA flow through of 50%. Through the second quarter, we continue to action reduced overtime [Audio Dip] in-house to reduce the use of third parties and canceled or delayed discretionary spend mostly in G&A. The second quarter flow through benefited from the flexibility we have in our business model to respond quickly on cost. Cost control remains a major focus for us, especially for discretionary spending. But a good portion of our costs will continue to flex with volume. For example, spend on delivery is necessary as volume increases through the season, and we need to reposition fleet to service our customers. And those expectations are included in our guidance. Back to second quarter results and adjusted EPS, which was $3.68, and includes $0.30 of benefit from discrete tax items, that compares with $4.74 in Q2 last year and the year-over-year decline is primarily due to lower net income from lower revenue in Q2 this year. Lets move to CapEx. Year-to-date through the end of Q2, we brought in $353 million in gross rental CapEx, while proceeds from sales of used equipment have been $384 million resulting in negative net CapEx of $31 million. Together, these results reflect our continuing focus on capital discipline. Turning to free cash flow, another highlight through the end of the quarter. We generated over $1.4 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of $643 million. Our rates remained strong coming in at 9.6% for the second quarter. That continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital, which continues to run south of 8%. Year-over-year, ROIC was down 120 basis points due in large part to the decline in revenue this year. Looking at the balance sheet and our capital structure. Our balance sheet continues to be the strongest its ever been. Net debt at June 30 was $10.3 billion, which is down $1.3 billion year-over-year and down $800 million quarter-over-quarter. Leverage at June 30 was just under 2.5 times, which is flat sequentially and down $0.03 of a churn versus the second quarter of 2019. Our current $500 million share repurchase program is still on pause. As a reminder, we had purchased $257 million of stock on that program, before we paused in March. Liquidity remains extremely strong. We finished the second quarter with over $3.8 billion in total liquidity. Thats made up of ABL capacity of just over $3.6 billion and availability on our AR facility of $56 million. We also had $127 million in cash. Yesterday, we announced we will redeem our $800 million, 5.5% senior notes due 2025. Our decision to do so includes our views of continuing strength in liquidity, given our expectations of free cash flow for the year, which is reflected in our guidance. And speaking of our guidance, Ill close with a few comments. Of course, no one knows the ultimate impact from the pandemic on 2020 or behind. We continued to run numerous scenarios each with varying levels of revenue expectations and related actions to arrive at adjusted EBITDA. Taking into consideration the six months behind us and the visibility we have to the rest of the year. Our guidance represents what we think of as our most likely range of possibilities. And to be clear, this guidance does not contemplate a shutdown of the economy like we experienced earlier in the year. Our CapEx guidance has been refined as we balance our fleet mix in response to customer demand and continue to focus on fleet productivity and better fleet absorption. Finally, and notably, our free cash flow update is a clear indicator of the strength and resiliency of our business model. As we plan to generate over $2 billion in free cash flow this year, paying down debt with the vast majority of it. And with that, lets move on to your questions. Jonathan, would you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
David Raso: Good morning. Jess, you just mentioned the outlook, the potential ranges, does not include a shutdown of the entire economy. But can you help us at least on the lower end, kind of how youre thinking about some of the key states, the Florida, the Texas, even parts of Southern California? A, are you seeing any reaction negatively by customers for projects, equipment demand related to the uptick in the virus? And again, sort of whats baked into the low end of the range? Just so we have a sense of  if theres any cushion at all from the virus? Or is it just pure assuming no virus impact the rest of the year?
Matt Flannery: Sure, David. This is Matt. So first to answer your question about the states kind of tried to cover that in the script. Were seeing all the spikes ups specifically in four or five pretty large states and large for us as well. When we went back to look at the data its not impacting our business at this point. So what would, would be closures, construction restrictions that havent manifested, similar to what happened early on in Boston area, the New York area and the Bay area were the most specific ones back in the beginning. So were not seeing that. Whats embedded in our guidance is more of a normal seasonal build that we would expect. Although were not going to  we dont plan on backfilling the gap that was created from COVID in the beginning of the  end of first quarter and the beginning of the second quarter. We do expect to see normal seasonal builds. As far as cushion, the fourth quarter is a little bit less clear today than what we see in Q3. We think the backlogs and the work thats ongoing in Q3 is much more predictable from our perspective. And then where we fall within that range that we gave really depends on, do we get any acceleration or deceleration of the demand in Q4? And thats how were thinking about it. None of it comprehends all five of those states doing a major shutdown, right? I dont  thats not really the way we ran about it, nor do we think thats going to happen. I think that people have been pretty obvious to their intent to continue to make sure they drive the economy, and thats kind of how were planning and how we guided.
David Raso: Any change in tone on  at this time of the year, you have some visibility to the following year with larger projects, have you heard any to changing in those customers about 2021? Or even just a sense of where your sort of fairly sizable backlog is today for next year versus where they were last year for 2020?
Matt Flannery: So well, if you think about the macro data that everybody looks at, we look at as well, you could see that incrementally some of the negatives got less negative. If you want to think about that as a positive momentum, whether its backlogs of ABC  contractor backlog is down about  its out to about eight months now, right? ABL  ABI rather is not quite as bad as it was, but still doesnt denote growth. So Id call those indicators bouncing off the bottom, but I wouldnt call them positive yet. And I think even our own customer confidence index improved sequentially, but still not to the levels of what wed expect. And I think its because the lack of visibility that we talked about. Just  its just not there right now for people to get comfort. The experience of being better today than we were in April has given everybody some more confidence, but just is not enough to predict 2021 yet.
David Raso: And last question, obviously, just mathematically, if you get back on to the normal seasonal trend, though from a lower level that April, obviously, got hit. Time you wouldnt improve again until April, right, just the natural math of it? Time you would still stay negative? But when we  in about that normal seasonal, also please on as a CapEx question related, but do you have a comment about the seasonality?
Matt Flannery: No, no, please. No, please go ahead. Sorry to interrupt.
David Raso: But thats the math. Im just curious, when we think about cash flow, and I know its been particularly strong. But for CapEx next year, if I told you the seasonal trend is just going to continue, right? No catch up, but no dip. How should we just  I know Jess isnt going to want to give a CapEx number for next year yet? But just so we give some sense of the spending below replacement this year, but if youre back on a seasonal pattern, just to gauge a bit, the cash flow impact from CapEx changes? Can you just give us at least a framework to think about if were back on seasonal pattern?
Matt Flannery: So it would really depend on two issues. How this exit rate of this year comes out, right? So how do we do with the absorption of the fleet? And how much does fleet productivity improve sequentially throughout the balance of this year, to give us our exit rate and then what does the demand look like going forward? If you thought that demand would return to 2019-like levels, thats what you mean by normal seasonality, then you could think about 2019 CapEx. Im not sure that, thats visibility that anybody or in anybodys calculus quite yet. But if we get a vaccine, if the world starts opening up, people start traveling again, certainly, that would be a thought that wed be looking towards, but its way early for us to even get close to thinking definitively. And by the end of the year, well try to get there to what our guide would be. But the reality is we wont really have to make those CapEx decisions until we start building in the spring of 2021, is when we really have to start spending money.
David Raso: All right. Thank you for the time. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe ODea from Vertical Research.
Joe ODea: Good morning, everyone. First, on the implied kind of back half of the year guide, when we look at equipment rental revenue that was down 16% in the second quarter, and the guide implies something similar in the back half of the year. So even as you go through the second quarter, and you see parts of the country that were shut down and coming back online, but we dont see kind of sequential improvement into the back half of the year on the decline rate. Can you talk about whats gotten better? And maybe what softened a little bit? And then the degree to which its just  theres low visibility in Q4?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think your last comment hit out the most, Joe, is that lack of visibility in Q4. So when we think about our GAAP on a year-over-year perspective, we think its going to improve slightly, and that 15% versus 16% rent revenue decline in Q2, but we dont think that, thats going to compress. Right now, its that pipeline of demand starts to increase. If pent-up demand for some work to get done or people get through better through Q3 than we expected, then well accelerate that. But when we think about the places that we just really dont see changing for the better in the back half, it would be, first and foremost, upstream. Were not counting on upstream. And I dont even think the folks in that space are counting on improvement there. When we think about the one big variable that we didnt expect, in a normal recession that we are seeing in this pandemic, is the petrochem, right. Specifically downstream business that just nobody needs their products. So if people start traveling again, that would be a pick up. Thats probably more of a 2021event than a Q4 event. So these are the reasons why we think  and then non-res will be choppy. So we think that this steady  I dont want to anchor too much on the midpoint, but this steady, about 15% down year-over-year would imply a standard seasonal build off the hole that was already created. Thats the way were thinking about it.
Joe ODea: Got it. And then on the replacement CapEx front, pre-COVID, you were talking about roughly $1.9 billion, and youre shrinking the fleet this year. So that goes down a little bit. But the question is, the cushion to continue aging the fleet, if you find yourself in sort of a protracted slow demand kind of environment. So can you talk about where you are on fleet age? Where youre comfortable going? How much cushion that gives you to continue buying at this kind of pace versus navigating back to replacement?
Jessica Graziano: Joe, Ill start on that one. So based on what were seeing kind of going out to the end of the year, well likely age the fleet somewhere between five and six months, right? And so weve talked a lot with you guys and with investors about having at least a year of headroom in our cat classes to be able to age out the fleet in down cycles like this one, and not have any real discernible impact on increased R&M or have any urgent need to replace. So as we even think forward into 2021, there still is some opportunity and some headwinds. If we needed to age the fleet out a little bit more, we could without any real impact.
Joe ODea: Thats great.
Matt Flannery: Not that were trying to speak that into our future in any way, Joe.
Jessica Graziano: Yes, not at all.
Joe ODea: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Mig Dobre from Baird. Your question, please.
Mig Dobre: Yes, thank you for taking my question. Good morning, Matt and Jessica. Yes. I guess, going back to the Q1 call. And I think at the time, you provided some good insight on April. My recollection is that you called out fleet on rent being down 15%. And actually, you told us that the improvement here was pretty significant, youre up 14% from that level. Im trying to juxtapose that against the 4% decline in the fleet in the quarter. What Im getting at here, Im trying to understand is, is youre getting to the third quarter here. Where are you on a year-over-year basis in terms of fleet on rent? And what is the implication here for the fleet productivity metric?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So we dont give that fleet on rent number, but you see where were guiding to, and we talked about 15% that we were down in Q1. Now what youre seeing is just a normal seasonal build off of that. So even though were sequentially and did through Q1 sequentially saw improvement, you have to think about the fleet productivity is measured in that year-over-year gap. And we dont talk about the individual components, but we certainly shared color that coming into the year, we thought our biggest opportunity was absorption. You can imagine that was exacerbated by COVID. So as we continue to manage the denominator of that calculation, we are expecting to see sequential improvement. But were not expecting to see positive fleet productivity, unfortunately, until we get past these comps probably in the Q2 to second half of 2021. And well continue to depend on what kind of demand environment were in, manage that inflow, right? Well manage the denominator as well as the numerator, depending on what demand says. So thats the way were looking at it, and thats how were going to focus on driving higher productivity.
Mig Dobre: I appreciate that. Thank you. And I guess my follow-up, maybe trying to get a little bit of color from your perspective in terms of how this downturn compares to some of the prior ones that youve seen? Obviously, your cost flexibility has been evident. But Im more thinking from the standpoint of competitive dynamics in the industry, the way youre seeing customers react, and frankly, maybe some opportunities that you see for the industry coming out of COVID? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So this was certainly in the handful of downturns Ive seen in my  now on my 30th year in this business, this was unique. I think anybody that didnt list to the Spanish flu, right? So this is a very, very unique creation of this location. And it made us move really fast. It made our customers move really fast. So it went from almost panic when you really think about it out there to now people starting to feel a little better, but still very cautious so thats how people are managing their business as well. I mean, when you see that flow through that we had in Q2, it was part of that things immediately shut down. So that gave us a bit of a cost advantage. And it was  I think you saw that in a lot of businesses. Now people are starting to think about what the future brings. Some of the things that were learning in a post-COVID environment or what end markets are going to do better. I mean, believe it or not, its hard to see within our numbers. But even within our current fleet productivity, we actually have some asset cash classes are up year-over-year. And its hard to imagine, but thats about shifting to where the opportunities are, and thats always what our business model has been about. That flexibility and fungibility of our assets so that we can move them to where we need to move them to. So thats the way were moving. Im sure many customers are doing the same. Customers are going to need to find different ways to drive revenue, different ways to create value for their clients, and well continue to do that. We also think technology and safety are both going to  they were important already. I think theyre going to be more top of mind in our space and for our customers. And we think thats inherent to the large players that have the scale to invest in some of these. And well continue to use that as a future post-COVID opportunity as well.
Mig Dobre: Just to clarify, are you seeing better industry discipline around both fleet and, call it, pricing?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I think youll hear it, right? So many of the OEMs reported this week as well. I think youll see, and you already have seen what their need to do to react to our rental industry is very positive reaction of shutting off the CapEx ticket as, obviously, youre seeing it not just play through in those of report, but youre seeing it play through in the OEM production or lack thereof. So we think thats the right way to manage through this, and Im very pleased with the data that we see. The industry remains disciplined.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Rob Wertheimer: Good morning, everybody. So your downside volatility to earnings has been less than some of the rest of the group. And I think that probably speaks more to natural variability in the cost structure than it does to any strong one-off actions you took. So could you just kind of outline whether its re-rent or outside hall? Or what are the kind of the improvements that allowed cost to flex down so abruptly? I dont think you did a bunch of big salary cuts or layoffs or closures. And then I suppose some of those things are still in reserve if the economy doesnt get a whole lot worse. But can you just sort of talk about that variability cost structure? Thanks.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. Rob, its Jess. So yes, I mean, the team did a great job in managing through the second quarter. The  some of the costs that weve called out have been a focus on reducing overtime, right, and really focusing on the capacity that we have in-house by in-sourcing, delivery and repair and maintenance that, in part, had been outsourced to third parties, right, bringing that in, using our capacity and saving what premium cost, right, and using those third-party services. Weve also, as Matt mentioned, the beginning of the second quarter, especially as we were all adjusting to restrictions in place, we very quickly shut down our discretionary costs, right? You saw that in the SG&A year-over-year benefit that we called out this quarter, where P&E, of course, right? Thats an easy one to kind of think through as folks stop traveling immediately. But also discretionary costs that we were able to cancel or delay as a result of trying to keep only business-critical needs in the cost structure.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you. And I wonder sometimes if you ever quantify some of the outside hall and some of the other things would be a little bit interesting to see how big an impact each was, but such competitive issues. Just you have a lot of cash flow going through the company right now as you reduce fleet and so forth. Can you just give us the guide points on when you might  what you intend to do with that as the year progresses? If nothing really dramatically bad happens in the economy, youll have a lot of cash to do something with. What drives the decision there? Thank you. Ill stop.
Jessica Graziano: Sure. No, great question. Thank you. Yes, I mean our focus right now is to use that free cash flow to pay down debt, right? Were not out of the woods yet as far as the COVID impact. And liquidity is going to continue to be a major focus for us. So well use that excess free cash flow to pay down debt. And what will happen just kind of in the normal course, right, as we do our 2021 plan and we look at the kind of cash that we expect to generate next year as well, well have that conversation with our Board and make a decision as to whether or not we want to use some of the excess cash to finish the share repurchase program, for example. But right now, its steady on continuing to reduce the leverage and take out the debt.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks, Jess.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Seth Weber: Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to follow-up on Robs question. I know its  you guys always discourage kind of using the midpoint anchors for the guidance for the decrementals, but just kind of going back to the cost discussion. I mean, your second half decremental guidance does suggest the decrementals are worse than  or higher than what they were in the second quarter. So can we just kind of walk through a little bit more detail? Like whats coming back on? I know theres variable commissions and things like that. But is there anything else that we should be thinking about there? Thanks.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Seth. Yes, I think the first thing that I would do before I get into some detail is that caution on the midpoint, right? I mean, were really thinking about this guidance as a range of possibilities and so probably easiest for me to frame that in terms of flow through for the back half, right, where its  where we land is really going to depend on how the revenue sets up first and foremost, right? And then if you think about it from a cost perspective, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there may be some variable costs that come back into business as we  theyll flex with the volume, right? So if you even just think of the seasonal trend as we work out to the October peak, you may have some  we may see some additional delivery costs, right, and repositioning, even over time, right, where we normally will use over time to flex for labor needs instead of bringing in full-time heads. So we could see some of that come back in, depending on how the volume trends. Discretionary costs, were going to continue to keep a tight handle on, but we could see a situation where if things do start to open up, we do start to have folks spending some T&E, meeting with customers, right? Some of those costs could come back into the business as well, at a rate a little higher than the way we were able to pull back on them in the second quarter.
Seth Weber: Okay. But structurally is like a 60% number the right way to think about decrementals, do you think, just in general for United?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Im skittish to give a number, because again, for us, its extremely fluid based on the way that the third quarter and really the fourth quarter, right, where we have a little less visibility plays out. So Ill let you do the math on what you think is the right number. Hows that?
Seth Weber: Okay. And then just really quick, you just  the Specialty business continues to perform really well. Could you just talk about cold starts there? And how are you thinking about allocating capital to the Specialty business? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. Youre right. We continue to be very pleased. And even with the lower revenue, specialty did a good job of driving even increased margins based on some of the insourcing, getting rid of third-party services and really a good team effort across the board. So well continue to invest in those. Weve done about 10 cold starts year-to-date and were planning on doing another five in the back half of the year. So were still leaning into specialty. Well continue to put capital in there. And our Power segment for example, is one of the reasons that actually is up year-over-year. So there are opportunities during COVID that will continue to fund.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thank you very much, guys. Stay safe.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question, please.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow-up on the cost question again. It sounds like for the most part the efforts have really been focused on the third-party services and over time, youre just saying that some of the variable costs might come back in. But lets say, you wanted to look for the next area of costs to actually take out, if things were to be a little bit softer in the demand side? What are those next areas of costs that you would look to tackle? I think, Matt, you said in your prepared remarks that there havent been any COVID layoffs yet. Is that where we would go? Would you start looking at actual kind of whole branch closures? How would you think about the hierarchy of where we go in the cost structure to take the next round out?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Steven. And this is something that weve thought about a lot and are very intentional about how weve responded so far. So let me just talk about  forget about the numerical values, I think weve covered that strategically. Coming out of 2009, and having experienced that downturn, and what we did and had to do and what I would want to do differently and what we want to do differently, weve built a strategy to make sure we didnt have to do a couple of things. Number one, we didnt want to unnecessarily take out or damage our capacity to get ready when we got through the other side. And that  so weve structurally worked towards that during this pandemic, which is why were very pleased that we used in-sourcing to keep our labor force busy as opposed to layoffs. And that was very intentional in it. And you can see from the flow-through that worked. When we think about store closures, we intentionally did not want to go there. Now if we went this into a full recession, 2009 type recession, which I dont think anybody is predicting right now. But if it happens, we have that playbook. We know what to do. But theres a couple of things that we are going to limit. Were not going to fire sale equipment, we dont need to. We have great liquidity, strong balance sheet, maturities out to what, Jess, 2025, right? So we dont have that anvil hanging over us. So we dont need to fire sell equipment, and we dont need to make rash decisions to make sure we make payroll. We dont have liquidity issues. This balance sheet allows us to react a little bit differently. Well still protect margins. I think we just proved that, but were not going to damage the business long term, but there is more flexibility to make sure we remain resilient and well utilize it.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe on the flip side of that, Im just curious how you think about potentially going on offense. I mean, as an industry leader, when you go through a downturn, you might expect that you should be able to gain some share. When do you think is the right time to start being more active in trying to gain some share? And where would you look to do it? And then how would you go about it?
Matt Flannery: So thats something that we talk about actively, right? Theres  that balance sheet can be used defensively, and it can be used offensively. And we want to make sure weve used it defensively and appropriately so, and we are turning our mind to offense. So when we think about where are these other opportunities? Someone could ask, why are you guys spending another  at the midpoint, about $500 million CapEx, because theres offensive opportunities. Theres products and end markets and verticals that were still going to support, and thats the way were looking at it. And as more post-COVID opportunities arise, we will use that balance sheet. Well use our scale and our leverage to make sure that we can play some offense.
Jessica Graziano: So if I can just add one thing. The flexibility that we have is also something that will lean into as opportunity presents itself. And we can lean into a recovery and into the market, right? So well be ready to spend when we need to based on being able to flex that model up as necessary.
Steven Fisher: Great. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. You folks have been on a continual journey to improve the logistics, and were seeing some of that with in-sourcing here. Im wondering, based on your experience going through this environment, is there an opportunity to, on the other side of it, to have higher fleet availability? Could this be an opportunity through touchless pickups and all having a standard process in place? Can we come out of this with higher fleet available across your business?
Matt Flannery: Thanks Jerry for the question. Absolutely. So I had a note from a customer early on during COVID, when we created this touchless system that they sent a nice, very nice note thanking us said they have the best rental experience ever. They pulled their truck up, everything was done digitally about ordering the equipment and confirmations. And when they pulled up, we hooked a trailer up, had a skid steer behind it, and he went off this way. He said it was the fastest, most painless transaction hes ever had in the rental business. So there you go. Necessity is the mother of invention, once again. And well continue to take those learnings. So when we think about our labor headcount models, and one thing  one of the ways that we did retain our labor, as we talked about earlier, was in-sourcing. But when we get to the flex upside in a more stable environment, not necessarily the back half of this year, I dont think adding heads right now makes sense. But maybe having more heads and eliminating some of the more expensive variable costs we have like over time. Like outsourcing logistics when we meet capacity are some of the things that well be investigating to make sure that we can continue to drive efficiency in our model.
Jerry Revich: And then from an end market standpoint, a lot of folks as include are concerned about non resin to next year for a good reason. But on the flip side, a lot of your industrial markets are really in the early stages of recovery. Can you just talk about your fleet on rent for some of your industrial verticals? I know youre not going to want to provide a ton of specificity, but just a broad range color on where we are in the restart and fleet on rent to those deployments would be helpful?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I wont give you the fleet on rent stats, but I will share with you, and as I did in my prepared remarks, the petrochem industry is really challenged. That market for us is down 35%. Thats a big portion of what weve had to endured post-COVID. You could look at both sides of that. You could look at  as the world opens back up, thats one of the opportunities to get back to normal type volumes. So we think thats an opportunity for us. Industrial, overall, if you take that out  if you take out petrochem, industrial looks a little more like construction overall, right, not really a big deal. But when you look at data centers, Power as a Segment, infrastructure, there are opportunities that we can lean into. And whether we add additional products to the mix, which weve been doing, or whether we just enhance some of the offerings that we already have to make sure were being a one-stop shop solution for all these end markets. Thats really how were looking going forward. And I think the industrial markets will recover at the same pace, and maybe even a little faster because of the petrochem drop once we get on the other side of COVID.
Jerry Revich: And Matt, in your prepared remarks, you said youre monitoring the coronavirus from here, but you havent seen any impact so far. So is it fair to say that the fleet on rent momentum has continued into July by those comments? Because theyre concerns by one of your suppliers brought up today that there was some slowdown in parts of the country in July getting fleet back on rent because of COVID? So can you just comment on that, please?
Matt Flannery: Yes. And what I referred to  so we are seeing the seasonal build. But what I referred to specifically is because we went and look, they said, "Wow, look at these spikes in these states that we all see all over the news." So we went and looked at those states at our volume and some of them are big states for us. And were not seeing it. So the data is not showing a correlation to our fleet on rent, our revenues, our activity in those states that would match a negative correlation to the infection rates. And thats really what we meant. Well keep an eye on it. If that pivots, as always, well let everybody know, but we actually havent seen that. And I think thats a commitment to a lot of these communities that theyve got to keep running, right? The world got to keep on. So well continue to see the seasonal build, and thats what our guidance implies.
Jerry Revich: And thats a comment through July, just for clarification?
Matt Flannery: Yes.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning, guys. I just had a question on specialty. I mean, you had strong margin performance, 80 basis point increase, but your revenue is down 11%. And always hard to know if this is all apples-to-apples. It just feels like some of your competitors are posting stronger growth in what they label as our specialty rental businesses. Im just wondering, are you seeing increased competition in any of those specialty markets, particularly in areas like climate control, parts of power gen, which have been very, very hot markets as the core general rental markets are depressed?
Matt Flannery: Yes. No, we arent seeing any competitive change in the landscape. And you hit on the right one, power has been growing for us, and Im sure others have been growing. Its part of an emergency response. When you think about all the temporary, whether its shelters, businesses, people putting tents out in their parking lots so that they can feed people outdoors, right? Theres so much opportunity for power to grow. So weve been seeing that growth as well. But I dont think were losing share there in any way, shape or form. Were pleased with what were doing there. As far as specialty of some of our competitors, we all  different companies categorize it differently. For us, how we look at our specialty business, its products that have more of a unique, fully embedded engineered solutions, so to speak, right? So its not just dropping off the generator. Its cabling, its putting step down transformers, its making sure were creating a solution and thats how we look at our specialty. And I wont comment on others. Its just I understand there are some products that are in other specialties that are not launched. So were not seeing any change in the competitive dynamic there.
Ross Gilardi: So then, Matt, can you just talk a little bit more about why your revenue is down 11%, then? And I suspect some of its in the Fluid Solutions business? Id be curious what kind of growth youre seeing ex-Fluid Solutions? Was trench up this quarter? Or did it behave more like a gen rent type business, at least in terms of demand trajectory? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure thing. We dont usually get down to breaking all those segments down, but youre hitting on the head here, right? Think about pumps and tanks and how much in the petrochem space were penetrated with those products and work even with the Baker acquisition, right? So theyre certainly faring worse more in line with how our gen rent areas are faring in those marketplaces. So that would be a drag on the overall specialty growth. Trench is slightly better than the average, but not as a positive, were calling out power because power is unique. I dont think people would think at any business unit would be positive. So power, our reliable on site business, although small, is  seems positive as well. But I think you go ahead that fluid certainly is having challenges as were going through COVID here. And thats a big part of whats driving the negative growth.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Matt Flannery: Good morning.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just curious, you guys have kind of during the upturn, talked a lot about the outsourcing that you did, and that was kind of pressuring margins. Can you just quantify maybe how much of your repair and maintenance was outsourced? And kind of help us understand how much the opportunity is? And kind of at what point would you have to start outsourcing again as sales do recover? And then maybe just same quantification on the overtime. How much over time had you added over the past couple of years? And when would we expect to see that increase?
Matt Flannery: So I dont have the numbers handy for the past couple of years. But when you think about what Jess was speaking earlier about whats inferred in the flow-through of the midpoint of our second half guidance, youll see some of the costs  youll see the magnitude of some of what will start creeping in with whether its overtime, which were leaning more towards over time. We want to keep our people busy first, and thats been a big part of our COVID response, and then maybe some logistics and third-party. As far as third-party repairs, were not expecting a lot of that. Some of that was for stuff that was really beat up out in the oilfield last year, stuff that needed major repairs, and we were already utilizing our capacity, so we outsourced it. And that is always an opportunity, an area to flex, but I think in this one post-COVID learnings, as I talked about earlier, maybe we will in-source more going forward in a more stable environment. So I dont have the numbers for you on what that historical trend is, but its certainly an opportunity for us going forward.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then I think last quarter, you had talked about $1.5 billion in OEC on rent that had come off-line, it sounds like theres been a seasonal build of about $1 billion, so about $500 million thats still kind of that hole you were talking about? And youve also been kind of characterizing it as a very typical seasonal build thats been happening off of that hole. So can you just help us understand, is that hole all petrochem and the retail and hospitality and special events and those projects just never came back online? Or is it just the seasonal build that you are seeing those projects come back online and its typical, but just off a lower base. Just trying to understand what  if there have been projects that have just kind of been permanently delayed that you just arent seeing come back, carrying that with the comments about the seasonal build?
Matt Flannery: Yes. You hit on the main point at the end of your statement there about the lower base, right? So its really just off a lower base. But unlike what weve talked about for the past few years, we are seeing project delays and cancellations but more delays. For us, right now, with the lack of visibility, were just counting on the delays as theyre not there until they come back. And its very spotty. Just think about the major airports. Last year, were traveling around back when we were traveling. You saw work at just about every major airport that you flew into. About half of those are continuing on, and then half are "paused or delayed." And when those and what would create those coming back is something that will be part of the recovery, but we dont have the visibility to that right now. And its really not even by geography. Right here in the New York metropolitan area, you have Laguardia thats going full steam ahead. You JFK, thats slowed down and delayed many phases of that project. So we see this as a future opportunity. But the difference between now and what weve talked about for the past 12 quarters is we are seeing project delays, and we do believe well continue to have a seasonal build off this lower base, but those would all have to come back online for us to raise that pace to start to fill that gap.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question please.
Steven Ramsey: Hey, everyone. To dig a little deeper on delays versus cancellation. Are the delays happening more on the side of projects that are going to go slower going forward? Or is it projects that you expected to start are now being pushed out? And then on the cancellation, even though youre not seeing many of them, is there a trend? And what types of projects are being canceled?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So as far as the cancellations, and just to clarify, theres not as many cancellations are there are delays. But in our mind, with the uncertainty going on right now, were going to treat them fairly similar because the cancellation could be brought back up as well. So just think about the industry have been most challenged for COVID. Certainly, anything petrochem related has been shelved, delayed, whatever term you want to use, travel, right? Its just  its two different thoughts. There are some airports are saying, we dont have a lot of activity right now, lets lean in. And there are others that are delaying. I would imagine it has to do with their funding and their confidence going forward on how much volume theyll do in those locations. When you think about entertainment, stadiums, those types of jobs, as you can imagine, a little bit of uncertainty of what the future is going to look like. So some of those are being shelved. So  and then certainly, anything in hospitality, right, travel and hospitality, were seeing a lot of it. So just think about the industries that are more uncertain than others. Then youre seeing other things, even power built, I talked about earlier. Power segment is growing for us, whether its standard power or alternative power. When you think about data centers, those are growing. Thats a growing opportunity. And then for those of you who live here in the Northeast, as I travel around the Northeast here by car, Im seeing road works everywhere. So we expect infrastructure to continue to gain momentum. Its one of the values of less traffic as people can get this work done more efficiently. So those are some of the puts and takes that were seeing, and that really inform how we view the balance of this year.
Steven Ramsey: Great. And then just would be curious to hear your perspective on how a secular shift to rental generally accelerates during challenged markets. Does the secular shift that potentially comes from this current downturn, does it look different? Does it look better with your greater specialty equipment asset base?
Matt Flannery: Absolutely. I think really, for the industry, broad-based offering, of which were leading and penetration overall, during all the downturns in my career, people that had to turn to rental when they previously werent looking at it as their number one priority in channel, very rarely almost never go away, right? Once they get to it, they realized they can rely on us, that the product will be there, and theyll have the right equipment at the right time. So we do expect secular penetration on the other side of this. And I think it will be broader, to your point, because we have a broader offering. So I think it will be across the board, specialty new products in gen rent that people werent renting before. I think it will be a good thing for the industry overall.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Mr. Flannery for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, operator. I appreciate the conversation today. This is, certainly, turning out to be an interesting year, to say the least. And as always, well keep you updated as things evolve. In the meantime, our Q2 investor deck is available online. And as always, Ted is available to answer your questions. With that, please, everyone stay safe, and operator, you can now end the call.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release and todays call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the companys recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. The sequence of today's call will stay the same as prior quarters. I'm going to share my comments, and then Jess will take you through the numbers, and then after that, we'll go to Q&A. But I'm going to skip my usual recap of the financial highlights for a couple of reasons. First, although we had a solid start to the year, with our business performing well until COVID hit, it's not much of a barometer for 2020. Still, from January to mid-March, those first 10 weeks showed promise, and it's possible to take that as a positive sign when the economy gets back on its feet. Second, we can't predict how COVID-19 will impact specific end markets this year or when those impacts will come and go. So like many companies, we've withdrawn our guidance until we have more clarity. To give you an idea of how quickly things changed, ROIC on rent was running in line with expectations, actually a little bit ahead until mid-March, that's when we felt the impact of COVID-19. From that point, volumes declined about 15% in the three weeks before stabilizing around current levels. One thing we have going for us is a lot of flexibility, which in this environment is priceless. We've been able to keep almost all of our locations open, so our people can continue to serve our customers. Our teams know that we're in a tunnel and not a hole, and that gives light on the other side. That's why our contingency planning is focused on both the near-term and a range of potential future states. Since early March, we've been assessing a multitude of scenarios for how the year might play out. Each one uses different assumptions about timing, magnitude and duration. And our analysis confirms that our liquidity is more than sufficient for even the most challenging end market scenarios. We want to make sure that we not only weather the storm, but also retain the ability to be responsive to the opportunities on the other side. My main goal this morning is to talk about how we're adapting our business to the current reality, not just our thinking, but also our actions. We're thinking about our COVID defense strategy as 5 work streams: employee safety, taking care of our customers, CapEx, OpEx and our capital structure, particularly liquidity. I'm going to start with the most important part of our company, our people. It's easy to think of United Rentals as an equipment business, but we never forget that we're a service business. The safety and well-being of our team is always our top priority. And that can be challenging when you operate every day at almost 1,200 locations, but we're getting it done. It takes fortitude and also experience and we have both. Most of the field leaders have been in the equipment rental industry for years and many, like me, for their entire careers. We know that there are two sides to operating as an essential business. There's the responsibility that comes with that designation and also a sense of pride. Our employees are proud of their role in providing critical services to their communities.  We're working on projects that are a first for all of us, like a COVID screening area at Children's Medical Center in Dallas and temporary hospitals in Calgary, Seattle, New York and other areas. It feels unfair to just mention a few because, believe me, the pride is everywhere. And on the flip side, there's a natural anxiety that comes from leaving your home and going to work under these circumstances. So a huge thank you to all United Rentals employees for showing true leadership in the face of so much change. I want to give you a taste of some of the many actions we've taken to keep our employees and our customers safe. They include guidelines for social distancing, and disinfecting facilities and equipment as well as providing millions of dollars of additional protective gear. We've also implemented a contactless drive-thru option for customers, who want to pick up or drop off equipment at our locations. And our online ordering platform has been a big differentiator here for us. The customer reserves the equipment online, and then drive through a special lane at the local branch. We load the equipment, while they sit in their truck. And if we're bringing the fleet to the job site, our drivers follow a new safety protocol we call, last touch, when the driver disinfects the commonly touched surfaces before leaving, like control panels, door handles and seatbelts. And I could keep going down the list, and it's a long one, but I'll cut to the chase. These measures are working, and that's critical because it means our team can continue to provide continuity of service for our customers, and they can do it safely. All of our branches in North America, and 7 out of our 11 European branches, are operating. We've had a relatively small number of branches, where an employee tested positive for the virus. And when that happens, we have the branch professionally disinfected to make sure it's all safe, and then we follow the CDC guidelines on when and how we can resume operations. And I want to be clear that, while COVID is, obviously, impacting many parts of our economy, including the construction and industrial vertical markets that we serve, our markets remain broadly active, and this holds true across nonresidential and residential construction, infrastructure and industrial production. And there's only a handful of U.S. states and 2 Canadian provinces, both Ontario and Qubec, that have put meaningful construction restrictions in place. And most of those make exceptions for essential projects like infrastructure or emergency medical capacity. And many of these restrictions that are in place expected lift in early May. Overall, our construction markets are holding up better than our industrial markets, particularly oil and gas, which could be challenged for a while. We've also seen industrial customers put off some plant maintenance and planned turnarounds for now. Eventually, this work will come off pause, and we think that could happen as early as the back half of this year. More broadly, we could start to see an uptick in the third quarter in local economies, as shelter-in-place orders are lifted and activity resumes. But it's certainly slower and our team is making sure we're in constant communication with our customers. We've been utilized as a trusted resource by customers who have more challenges today than they had a few months ago. And in many cases, we're working with customers to plan for the time when their projects come off hiatus. We're also partnering with our larger accounts to help them get the full benefit of our total control technology. As you've heard us say before, total control improves fleet productivity and reduces costs, whether the equipment is owned by our customer or rent it from us. And it's always been a major differentiator, but today, its value stands out more than ever. So, that covers our first two work streams, employee safety and taking care of the customers. The other three I mentioned are CapEx, OpEx, and liquidity. CapEx is our largest lever to pull, and we're pulling it. For the first quarter, gross rental CapEx was down $50 million year-over-year, and net rental CapEx was at zero for the quarter, reflecting our focus on improving time utilization. And what this doesn't reflect are any changes we instituted in mid-March to address COVID-19's impact on demand. The effect of those actions will be evident in Q2, with dramatic reductions in the inflow of fleet and the outflow of cash. And this is an example of the flexibility I mentioned earlier. And while our CapEx level will, ultimately, depend on how our markets track over the balance of the year, I could say that our total spend on rental fleet will be down substantially for 2020. On the operating side, our team is focused on aggressively managing costs. And while a portion of our costs flexed naturally with volume, others need to be driven by discrete actions, and we're taking those actions as well. Fortunately, we're a lean-focused organization, and our employees understand the importance of being efficient. Now they're looking even higher and wider for more opportunities. For example, in our specialty segment, our power and HVAC business has historically outsourced all their deliveries. We pivoted to in-source using trucks and drivers from our general rental operations to get this work done and it's working really well. Our entire team is doing a great job of sharing resources to keep costs down. And as a result, we've been able to in-source a ton of work. And that's a theme right now in a lot of areas. We're being disciplined and creative in putting our resources to work across our network. This allows us to reduce costs, conserve capital, and most importantly, retain hour-labor capacity, which historically, has been a very effective driver for growth. Now, I know Jess wants to get into our capital structure, so I'll make just two quick points on that. One is that our business model is a cash generation engine. Even in this current environment, even if this persists through 2020, we expect to generate significant free cash flow this year. And the other point is that our balance sheet is extremely strong. We have almost $3.3 billion of liquidity with no long-term maturities until 2025. We paused our current share repurchase program, and we'll continue to be very cautious with fleet purchases and other discretionary uses of capital. And as I mentioned earlier, we've done the analysis, and we're confident that we have more than enough liquidity to navigate this crisis and pick up the pace when demand returns, and it will return. The question is, how much and how fast? And no one has those answers right now with any certainty. So let me leave you with a few important things that we do know. COVID-19 is uncharted waters. But our leadership team has been in uncharted waters before, it helps that most of our field and corporate leaders were with the company back in 2008, when the Great Recession was a massive shock in the economy. We were able to come through that crisis intact, and the experience from that helped inform our strategy and our business model. 12 years later, our company has been reshaped by that experience. We're dramatically stronger today, more diverse, more efficient and more resilient as an organization. Our revenue diversity is particularly important, because our end markets, customers and the geographies we serve don't all have equal constraints. We can target pockets of demand and help mitigate the drag for more challenged areas, and that's a real strength in this environment. So now you know the view from where we sit. Six weeks into COVID-19, we've battened down the hatches and amped up our partnering with customers. And we understand that things may be challenging for a while, but that's okay, we know how to get through this. Most importantly, we know that the value we preserve now will be the foundation for the value we create in the recovery. So, Jess, over to you to talk about the numbers.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I'll cover the highlights of the first quarter quickly, so I can spend a little more time providing some additional comments on our liquidity, the scenario planning we've done and contingency actions we've played in response to the current environment. Rental revenues for the first quarter of $1.78 billion declined slightly year-over-year, down 70 basis points or $12 million. Within rental revenue, OER declined about 0.5% or $8 million, while ancillary and re-rent revenues combined for a decrease of $4 million. The $8 million OER decline included growth in our fleet of 2.2%, which translates into $34 million of additional revenue. That was offset by fleet inflation at 1.5%, which cost us $23 million. And fleet productivity was down 1.2%, or a decrease of $19 million, largely reflecting the volume decline we saw in March. We actually had good momentum on fleet productivity to start the year, and it was tracking flat versus prior year through the end of February. Used sales revenue was up 8% or $16 million year-over-year due entirely to an increase in retail sales, which is our most profitable channel. That represents $38 million more fleet sold at OEC. Auction sales returned to more normal levels in the quarter, which was about 4% of the total sold. The used market was solid through the quarter, but volume did slow in the back half of March due to COVID-19. Adjusted gross margin on used sales in the quarter was 45.7%. And while that's down from 49% in Q1 last year, it's up from 43% in Q4. Retail pricing was down 5% year-over-year, and that's flat sequentially from Q4. Proceeds as a percentage of OEC was a healthy 53%. Taking a look at EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter of $915 million was down $6 million or 70 basis points year-over-year. Here's a bridge on the change. In rental, the impact on adjusted EBITDA was a drag of $18 million. OER was a headwind of $23 million, offset by $5 million in better ancillary and re-rent combined. Used sales helped adjusted EBITDA by $1 million, and SG&A was better by $11 million, with the majority of that benefit coming from lower third-party professional fees, which are largely discretionary and lower bonus expense year-over-year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 43.1%, which is down 40 basis points year-over-year. There were puts and takes in that margin decline. And as I mentioned a minute ago in the bridge, the dollars are small. The flow-through calculation isn't very helpful, given the disruption in the quarter, so I'll make a few comments on costs specifically. Operating cost trends were as expected through the end of February. As soon as it was clear to us in early March that our end markets would likely be disrupted we quickly took action to manage our costs in response. Matt talked about our focus on cost management, and some of the actions we've taken so far have been to reduce over time, bring delivery and repair in-house to leverage our capacity instead of using third-parties and cancel or delay discretionary spend, mostly in G&A, and that's costs like T&E and professional fees. The actions we took in March had a small impact on Q1, but the benefits will play out over the rest of the year. Broadly, the few I just mentioned represents savings of about 8% of our monthly cash operating expenses. But even before we get to Q&A, I'll tell you that because a good portion of our costs are variable and will flex with volume. It's impossible for us to tell you right now how much these cost actions will in total impact 2020. Safe to say, though, its a major focus for us. As we aggressively manage costs, we won't cut so deep that we risk not having the capacity we'll need to service customers as the economy opens up. There's a balance there. And we'll continue to prudently invest in the longer term, albeit at a slower pace than we might have been planning earlier this year. Cold starts will slow as well, as will some of our investments in building out our services businesses. Back to the first quarter results and a comment on adjusted EPS, which was up slightly at $3.35. That compares with $3.31 in Q1 last year. Biggest drivers here are lower interest expense and lower shares outstanding. Let's move to CapEx. Through Q1, we brought in $208 million in gross rental CapEx. Proceeds from sales of used equipment were also $208 million, so there was no change in net rental CapEx at the end of Q1. We've talked with investors consistently about CapEx being the first and most significant action we would take in our contingency plan. Right now, the environment is unclear and difficult to provide a range of where we think we'll land. But I can tell you this year's gross CapEx will be significantly less than what we brought in last year, less than half of that number. And we will continue to focus on selling used fleet in a solid market, but we won't fire sale our fleet if that market turns. Turning to free cash flow, we had another robust quarter for free cash flow, generating $608 million if I add back a couple of million dollars in merger and restructuring payments. Year-over-year, free cash flow is up $25 million. Our tax adjusted ROIC remains strong, coming in at 10.3% for the first quarter. That continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital, which currently runs south of 8%. Year-over-year, tax adjusted ROIC was down 60 basis points, due in part to the decline in margin this quarter and the expected drag from our acquisitions. Looking at the balance sheet and our capital structure, I'll add a little more color than normal given the importance of both these dates. Our balance sheet is the strongest it's ever been, and we have no long-term debt maturities until 2025. Net debt at March 31 was $11.1 billion, which is down $470 million year-over-year and down $290 million quarter-over-quarter. We continue to earmark free cash flow this year towards paying down our debt. Leverage at March 31 was 2.5 times, that's down 10 basis points to where we ended at December 31 and down 40 basis points versus the first quarter of '19. Our current $500 million share repurchase program was authorized by the Board in January. Through mid-March, we had purchased $257 million of stock. That included about $175 million of purchases we made in addition to our normal systematic buy, given the sudden dislocation we saw in the stock price beginning the third week of February. Now as soon as the potential severity of the COVID impact on the U.S. and Canada became clearer in March, we decided to stop purchases. And we paused the program to preserve liquidity. Speaking of liquidity, it is extremely strong. We finished the first quarter with $3.1 billion in total liquidity. That's made up of ABL capacity of just over 2.5 billion and availability on our AR facility of 62 million. We also have $513 million in cash. As of yesterday, we had total liquidity of $3.3 billion, that's up about $200 million from quarter end. The ABL facility expires in 2024, and is covenant-light with a maintenance test that springs on when were 90% drawn. At the end of the first quarter, we had drawn only 1/3 of the ABL. The 364-day AR facility uses our receivables as collateral. It expires in June in the normal course and we've already started negotiations to renew that facility. We don't expect any issues in refinancing it later this quarter. One last point on liquidity, beyond the collateral supporting the ABL and our Term Loan B, we have approximately $3 billion in excess collateral available to source additional liquidity should we need it. I'll close with a comment on the scenario planning we've done since the start of the pandemic. Of course, no one knows the ultimate impact from the virus, or what the economic environment will be after restrictions lift. That's why we've decided to withdraw guidance. It's difficult for us to point to 1 or 2 cases at this point as most likely. So we've run numerous cases, each with varying levels of severity and duration, in part to ensure we have adequate liquidity to meet our needs. And we do, even in the most severe scenarios. We also generate significant free cash flow in those scenarios. These cases help us to hone the timing and level of action we'll need to take. And those will vary too, as we look to maintain a balance between short-term financial impact in the next quarter or two with longer-term support for the business. We'll continue to tighten these scenarios until our view to the year is clear, and we can update our guidance. And with that, let's move on to your questions. Jonathan, would you open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Tim Thein: Hi good morning. The first question is just on the fleet that came off rent. If and when these projects do ultimately resume, how should we think about the costs that you would expect to incur to put it back on rent? I don't know if there's maintenance or delivery that would be involved. And then I guess more importantly, will those -- would you expect those rates get -- to get renegotiated or just how should we think about that from both a cost as well as a rate perspective. 
Matt Flannery: Sure. Tim, good morning. It's Matt. So when we think about that billion and a half that we put on the chart, there's been a portion of that, about a third of that, that we actually put on suspend. And what we did there was any one of our key accounts you had to be a key account for us to offer this to you. We asked them, are you going to need it? Are you're just doing this because your access has been turned off or they closed the job down? Are you going to need a path when they turn on the job day one? And if the answer is yes, and we left the equipment there, we put a new system marcation in our operating system and put it on suspend. That stuff is going to turn on immediately with no lag for the customer and no additional operating cost for us. The other, let's call it, roughly $1 billion that came off. I mean, there's churn going in every day. And if you look at that chart that we put in the Investor deck on Page 35, or in the press release, you see that we've been bouncing up since that 3 weeks  since we hit that 3 week trough. And that's the net of what still is a lot of activity going on, both off rent and on rents. So I wouldn't necessarily take that $1 billion is not going to go back on rent, they just didn't meet the requirements we had to put it on suspend. And we wanted to make sure we weren't  or it might not have been in a secured place. So that was the other challenge. Some customers said, you know I am going to need it back. But I don't want to deal with the security of it. I don't know how long we're going to be out of there. So for a portion of that, there won't be  there will be 0 incremental costs. And then for the rest of it, it's just going to be business with our customers as usual. They ask, and we respond.
Tim Thein: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Matt, from an end customer perspective, one of the points that  or attributes of URI over time has been, how you've grown the national account base. And when we do get to that downturn, that, in theory, should help to cushion the blow with the perception that, that customer base is maybe less cyclical than the traditional local accounts. Just curious how that -- it's early days of this, but has that kind of played out just in terms of what you've seen from an activity and just overall rental perspective, again split between your large versus the more traditional local accounts? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Thank you. And you're right, that has been part of the strategy. When I talked about we experienced a big disruption back in the Great Recession in '08 and '09, and part of our strategy going forward was to focus on large accounts, large projects, large plants, and that has been holding true. So as you guys know, somewhere around 2/3 of our business, over 60%, is with our key accounts. And the national accounts are about 45%, just that demarcation, and they've all held up stronger than what we'll call our territory or transactional accounts, whatever level you're at. So the strategy is working, and we're very fortunate for that. I think the other big issue is the value prop that we have for those accounts is real important, and creates a unique value that we can bring that maybe not as many competitors in the space can bring, such as technology investments, diversity of fleet, diversity of footprint. So all that plays into why our national accounts are holding up better.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer: Hey, thank you, and good morning to everyone. So, obviously, you're saying your CapEx is going to be half or less. It depends on obviously how things turn out in last year. So you're willing to see the fleet age out and/or shrink? That's obviously substantially less than replacement, which I think is a positive. The industry  the leaders in the industry are going in that direction. We've had a lot of questions, I mean, what happens to fleet in the field? What is the average competitor, the smaller competitor, not only the biggest couple, does the fleet tend to be older? And does it tend to be that if nobody is buying, does the fleet really age out and shrink in one year or two? So if we do end up with economy that's 5% or 10% smaller that you can age it out that fast, or do you think that it just, sort of, hangs out there for substantially longer than that? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Rob. So a couple of points here. First off, as far as fleet age, we have intentionally managed our fleet age, as we've talked about numerous times, to a place where we feel comfortable. We have one year plus worth of headroom and different products have more headroom. If you think about aerial products, right? You can age them out a little bit longer, if you think about dirt engaging products, maybe not. And all that pulls into our rental useful life calculations, and when we target disposal. But we've left room there very, very intentionally for a rainy day. And unfortunately, it may be raining outside. So we're taking care of that. But as far as fleet size, I don't think you're going to see a meaningful change given a middle of the road scenario, let's say, because we've done much scenario planning. But you're not going to see a meaningful change in size of fleet up or down this year. We're going to manage the new fleet coming in for replacement to also match demand. I think the real point we were making there is we've talked about our flexibility and our cash resiliency, and that was really more of the point of that we can cut  we're going to put a ceiling on our fleet purchases this year of half 2019, because it really can help people get comfortable about how are these guys are going to generate robust free cash flow in any scenario. Well, that's the lever. And where that ends up between the $208 million that we spent in Q1, and let's just call it, roughly $1 billion that were feeling that we put on it is going to depend on how fast the markets return to normal.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then  sorry, go ahead, please.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, yeah. As far as the small player, I apologize, I forgot that part of your question. I think they're probably in a position where they would want to age their fleet even more. And everybody is starting off their own baseline. And some folks, this is all about capital constraints. There's probably varying levels of capitalization within that other three quarters of the industry that doesn't report public. And I think they're all going to be managing to conserve capital, and I imagine aging their fleet is going to be a big part of that.
Rob Wertheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning, everyone. Im glad to hear you're all doing well.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about what proportion of your incoming order activity in April or late March was digital, because that's an area where you folks have, obviously, invented over the  invested over the years. And I'm wondering is now the point where we're going to see a big benefit as much more efficient ordering mechanism in this environment?
Matt Flannery: Yes. It's still a relatively small portion. It's grown significantly, but it's still a relatively small portion of our overall revenue stream. It's less than 5%. But I think the more important thing is, we're all going to have to realize what's changing in a post-COVID world, and does this accelerate customers' adoption for it? And when it does, I do believe it will be a seat change. More importantly, as the leader in the industry, we have to be at the forefront of technology. So we've had this procure-to-pay system, seamless system, touchless system for a couple of years now, and it's a very fair question. It's something we're watching carefully is will the current environment change people's acceptance of that opportunity, and we think this could be an accelerant, but early days here. It's still a small piece of the overall business. I would say that the rest of our technology enhancements of touchless systems are probably getting more adoption internally and externally, but we do think this is -- it's just a matter of when, not if.
Jerry Revich: And Matt, in your prepared remarks, you spoke about lessons learned from the Great Recession. And what something that's come up with folks within the company is that United Rentals, at the time, was less disciplined on pricing, than I think a lot of people thought the company should be. I don't know if you'd agree with that assessment. And then today, given the growth in the key accounts business, national accounts business, the total control, I'm wondering if you could talk about how the company's approach to pricing within this cycle will be different or step change different, hopefully than what we saw in the last cycle?
Matt Flannery: Yes. The less disciplined. I think that's probably fair to say about the industry overall. There was less information. So therefore, when you don't have information, you work on fear. And I think there's been a lot of change since then both for United Rentals, but for the industry as a whole, where there's much more information at the, whether it's the public companies having -- more public companies reporting information, the route data that represents more than half the industry right now. So there's real data to help. And I think that, in itself, helped the industry overall. But I also think our go-to-market strategy changing with customers that value our needs, and we're not a meet to supplier. And when we think back to the early days, as United was rolling up companies and building, we didn't have the diversity of customer base, who were very much relying on non-res and even specifically, the commercial retail part of non-res. And that was a very, very volatile end market at that point in time, and it was a very crowded space. So that's how this strategy has informed us where I think we'll be much more resilient from a pricing perspective, at least on that 2/3 of our business that's very targeted for us and who we're doing business with and what products and services we're offering. So I think we'll see a better outcome. I think the industry will do a better job, quite frankly.
Jerry Revich: Okay, appreciate the discussion. Thanks a lot.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question, please.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. First, just as we think about current demand trends that you've shown, I mean, if we just run that kind of scenario and a steeper than normal decremental, given the cash flow or the CapEx range you've talked about, we could look at free cash flow that might be actually flattish year-over-year. And so the question is just thoughts on that. And then in addition, how you think about cash deployment with that potential and when you could be back in the market? And does your thinking about deployment change at all in terms of a mix of debt reduction and buybacks?
Matt Flannery: So I'll just touch on the demand part first, and let's just talk to you about the capital deployment. So the truth is when you look at that chart that I referred to earlier, we don't know how fast and how high that black lining is going to climb. But we're happy to see that declining. And hopefully, as restrictions lift, we'll get into a more normal seasonal pattern, and that is sort of have a tremendous impact on the two big levers of free cash flow, how our EBITDA shapes up and how much capital we spend. But in either one, those are going to be in some sort of balance that I agree with you, we're going to generate significant free cash flow. So I think the depiction of that is accurate without paying a number on it, it's why we're comfortable saying significant. And then, Jess, if you want to take the other half of the question?
Jessica Graziano: Sure. Absolutely. Good morning, Joe. So based on where we are right now, we've  as you know, we've paused the share repurchase program. And as we look forward, not knowing exactly where the business is going to go once restrictions lifts and how the end markets will set up, our focus is going to be to use free cash flow generated to take down the debt. What we'll do is we'll reassess, once things open up, and we have a better feel for that demand curve, whether or not it makes sense based on what we're seeing as far as our liquidity position. What we're seeing as far as our forward scenario is at that point to turn the share repurchase program back on. But for right now, our priority is liquidity. And so our priority is going to be to continue to take down debt with free cash flow.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thank you. And then just a question in terms of end markets, and whether you can parse it out a little bit by regional trends or end market exposure trends. But to understand where you've seen kind of the steepest declines, and then in the early days of seeing some movement off the bottom sort of the concentration of some of that improvement?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. I'll talk a little bit about that. Let's use that 1.5 immediate three weeks decline as a proxy for it. And when we think about that, the heaviest areas are places that shouldn't surprise anybody, which is think about Pennsylvania, which is one of the most restrictive states on construction, all the way up to Boston. We all saw the news like when everything going on in Boston and state of Massachusetts overall. So that whole corridor, Philly, PA, New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, got hit hard. And the one that may surprise people is up in Canada, Ontario and Montreal both had pretty restrictive guidelines here. And those got hit harder than even I would have expected once we got underneath the numbers. Not as big a part of our business as at Northeast Corridor, but still, I was surprised. And then go all the way to the West Coast and think about Northern California up to watching, which was all in the news as well. Very, very hard here. We think about that's maybe somewhere less than 20% of our overall markets. It was over 50% of the fleet that we had to put on suspend. Big part of that decline. So we'll use that as a proxy. As far as the climb up, it's been pretty broad-based. And outside of the Gulf states, where oil and gas is really in a little bit of trouble right now, right, very, very quiet, you'd see pretty much broad-based the rest of the client and activity. And that's why we're able to keep what is it, 1,177 locations out of 1,181, all but four locations open and operating is because there is broad activity.
Joe O'Dea: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning, guys.
Matt Flannery: Hey, Ross. Go ahead.
Ross Gilardi: I wanted to delve in some of your areas, but maybe you can just help us flush through some of the assumptions behind them. Matt, you're saying you think fleet is going to essentially be flat. I mean, if you spent in all the way up to the $1 billion, Id realize you might not spend that. But if you did, and you sold what you sold last year, can I calculate your fleet on OEC is down 5% to 6% by the end of the year, assuming you're selling it, like 50% of OEC? So are you planning on divesting a lot less fleet in your base case scenario relative to last year?
Matt Flannery: So there's a couple of things. First of all, we do not plan on at all diminishing our efforts on retail. So think about that as 60% plus on a normal base case of our used sales. But when we think about auctions, we think auctions are getting hit pretty hard right now. So we're not going to participate, we don't need to participate in that area. So we're not going to participate. So think about auctions being net down. And then if we don't spend as much capital, you can think about our trade being down. So the retail portion, which has been holding up pretty well here, even as we sit here in April, is what we'll be focused on. So that would naturally  if we deemphasize the other two avenues of trade and auction, it would bring a natural decline. And then you have to think about just overall, what is activity going to be? So if it's $200 million gap, $300 million gap on a base of a $14 plus billion, I would call that not a huge move. But it's going to depend tremendously on what the capital spend is and what the retail sales are to your point. Either way, I don't find the moves to be, what I would say, significant.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. So just to follow up on that. So if fleet is flat, and demand by the time the year is over is negative, which is not going  is not a draconian assumption, I don't think. I mean, time is mathematically down going into 2021. So can you describe the scenario that triggers not only capital spending reduction, but also you arrive the fleeting more aggressively? And what are you looking at? And when do you make that decision to defleet more aggressively if you need to?
Matt Flannery: So for us to get to a place where we would defleet aggressively, it would have to be a significant demand drop. And we have that in some scenarios, but it's not something that we're betting on or calculating, but we would have that opportunity. Then there's a whole other question of, if the end market is trying going to give us a return, and I don't want to go here because I actually think we're starting to see signs that will end up on the good  better side of our scenario planning. If I went to the darker side, we had said before, we would not be a fire selling fleet, we wouldn't need to. We would just dispose of a fleet that should have natural disposal, and we would focus on that, and that would be our focus. We wouldn't actually say, I have to be fleet by 5%, and I'm going to take $0.20 on the dollar, like some people might have done because they needed the liquidity. And we're in a fortunate position. We don't need that liquidity. And as I said at the end of my prepared remarks, we know that the value we preserve coming out of this is the foundation that we're going to need from going forward. So I think that's a real important delineation. Verse people that may have liquidity issues and may need to get the cash sooner, maybe they'll have a different disposal actions than we would.
Ross Gilardi: Could you keep gross CapEx at $1 billion or below for  into 2021 as well if you need to, or how do you think about that?
Matt Flannery: Could we? Yes. I would be very disappointed if that's the word we're limiting, but could we? We certainly could. That's the lever that we have to pull. Even if we decided we're going to put a little bit more R&D or refer. I mean, there's so many options. There's so much flexibility and optionality in that decision. We'll do what's right for the liquidity and the purpose of the business. But I mean, we're not even giving you guidance on the quarter. So it would be silly for me to talk you about what I think we're going to do in 2021.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, Matt.
Matt Flannery: Thanks.
Jess Graziano: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital. Your question, please.
Q  Seth Weber: Hey, guys. I hope everybody is doing well. Good morning.
Jess Graziano: Thanks Seth.
Matt Flannery: You too.
Q  Seth Weber: I wanted to ask another, I guess, another fleet question. I think in response, following up on Rob's question earlier. Matt, I think you said you could age the fleet like another year or something or maybe it was just on aerial, but are you saying that repair and maintenance costs would not go up here in this scenario, where you're aging the fleet, or can you just try and help us think through the puts and takes around higher repair and maintenance costs, in a scenario where you are aging your fleet? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. So how we think about it is, we feel we can age the fleet at a minimum of a year without any significant R&M costs, right? So, without really any change. If we decided that we wanted to link and if you wanted to go down what Ross was just talking about, you wanted to  you need the length in a couple of years. I mean, when we were all independents, you keep it quite a bit longer, because you didn't have all these liquidity challenges. You didn't have all these issues and you weren't serving these large national accounts. We need to keep our fleet fresh and whether we decide that to do that with natural rotation through our rental useful life and fleet repurchases or more R&M is a decision we'll have. But we won't have to make that decision for at least another year, which is what we mean by having a year of headroom on our fleet age.
Jess Graziano: So, hey, Seth, it's Jess. I just wanted to add one thing. That's not to say that the maintenance and repair expenses won't be naturally higher. But as we look at that headroom that we've built intentionally into our RUL calculations, it's not something that would be a significant increase, right? And it would be highly dependent capital by capital, and what would be required to keep that fleet at a maintenance level that's right for us.
Q  Seth Weber: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then can I just clarify your response to Ross' question. Matt, are you saying that the fleet OEC is going to be flat in 2020 versus 2019? Is that what I heard?
Matt Flannery: No. I'm saying that relatively. So whether we end up, it's going to depend on used sales, demand in fleet and it's going to dictate fleet purchases. So where we end up in that up to $1 billion range, and where we end up in used sales. Saying, if you think  at least for me, as I think about it logically, I don't think that movement of whether it's 200 up or 200 down. I think that's the range we're talking about. I don't think we're seeing meaningful changes in the fleet size for when we end 2019 -- I mean, 2020, I'm just not seeing that.
Jess Graziano: And when we talk meaningful, I mean, we're talking relative to a $14 billion base.
Matt Flannery: Exactly.
Jess Graziano: Not the year-over-year change necessarily.
Q  Seth Weber: Okay. And then, sorry, just, if I could, just one other follow-up. Can you just  on the specialty cold starts, are they basic  are going forward at a reduced level here, or are you putting all of that under review?
Jess Graziano: Yeah. So they are moving forward. We have a few that are going to continue. They absolutely make sense when we do review them, even given the current environment, what we expect is we're going to slow the pace of the 25 or so that we said we were going to do, because to your point exactly, right, we're going to make sure to take a really deeper look given the environment post-restrictions lifting, and make sure that those are still cold starts that we want to do in the very short term.
Seth Weber: Okay, I appreciate guys. Stay safe. Thanks.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your questions, question.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. I'm just curious guys, how sustainable is it to do this in-sourcing that you're doing now? Is that going to change the way you do business in the long-term? And then, I guess, more broadly, what do you see as the longer-term lasting impact of this? Are you hearing from contractors that they're planning to increase their shift -- their mix of rent flow just because it's now proven that they can just shut that on and off pretty easily?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So I'll take the second part first, which is, while stressing my mind is the penetration play. We do think there could be an opportunity for secular penetration after this. If we think about anytime there's a disruption in people's capital situation or there's constraints, or there's fear, whatever term you want to use, people that normally wouldn't use a rental channel, and we learned this very much so coming out of the Great Recession, start to turn to the rental channel. And once people start turning to the rental channel, they realize the flexibility and all the soft costs being eliminated that you would have from owning. The math works, right? That's why penetration is usually going only one way. We haven't seen penetration in this industry for the 29 years I've been in it ever go back. So I do think this could be an accelerate, I don't know for sure. But it's a strong hypothesis, and we'll be ready for that opportunity. As far as the in-sourcing, there's going to be a lot of silver linings that we take out of this cloud that we're dealing with right now. And that's one of the ones that I think we're going to find. I think how we can be more creative and work more efficiently is one of the opportunities that we're going to learn about. And when you think about in-sourcing stuff that we were outsourcing, which is one of our most expensive ways. And we had to do it at our peak periods because that's how we fill that capacity gap without there too heavy on headcount. The fact that we were able to in source that is a great way to take out capacity when volumes down without having to take out your future capacity and that opportunity to turn back on first over time. And then if you need it to in a peak period, outsourcing any. So we think this is something that will stick and something that we'll probably be able to get a lot of positive learnings from used in the future.
Steven Fisher: Great. And then just a follow-up, is anything changing on the CapEx mix within that $1 billion of CapEx ceiling that you have? You have been, obviously, favoring specialty versus gen rent over the last couple of years. Does that concept still generally hold in 2020, or does it maybe even intensify?
Matthew Flannery: I think, at minimum, it will hold and then there's some of the specialty businesses like power and trench that are holding up really well right now, so if I had a lean, I'd say increase, but it's really going to depend. We're going to be real rigorous on capital spend. It's going to depend on how that climb goes throughout this year. And as everybody works through the other side of COVID-19 and that will dictate what we spend. But if I have lean, I would lean, it will probably increase the blend of specialty as overall spend.
Steven Fisher: Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, good morning guys.
Matt Flannery: Hi, Courtney.
Courtney Yakavonis: You gave some good color just geographically before, but can you also just help us understand some of the trends that are more isolated to non-res construction versus maybe some of the MRO activity on the industrial side, or are you seeing a reduction in both aspects of the business? And then if you can also just comment a little bit on the specialty business. Obviously, that was much more resilient, and maybe what the OEC on rent trends look like for that business in April?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So when we think about the vertical markets that we serve, as we denoted, industrial is a little bit more challenged. And just think about  I made the mistake of saying oil and gas couldn't far to fall upstream couldn't far to fall off a low stool, I think the legs are gone. So I think that's down to a floor plant right now. So that's really challenged the industrial space. I think downstream, you're going to see a little bit of challenge. We all know the demand for their output because their end product has really been challenged with travel restrictions. So I think temporarily, and I don't know whether it's temporarily means a quarter, two quarters, they'll have to decide. I think that will eventually come back. But if they stop their capital spend, you could imagine that our MRO, right, our on-site abilities, inside the gate could be more highly utilized because if they're lengthening the lives of the assets that are driving their volume, they're probably going to need to put some maintenance and repair in it. And that's what we're well-positioned for that. So I would say that space is pretty good. When we think about the non-res, I think we could all guess, which ones are the ones that are struggling right now, right? Entertainment, travel, any kind of hospitality, hotels, they're all struggling as people are not moving around greatly, and that may continue, specifically the entertainment one, may continue for a while. But then there's others like infrastructure that are doing really well. So I would call overall non-res holding up better, but with puts and takes in each one. And then your point about specialty, specialty has been holding up. And I think about immediately after COVID-19 hit. Some of our specialty businesses got scare to participate immediately in adding more resources, specifically Power and HVAC, trench as infrastructure is growing. There's a little bit of traveling I have been doing. I've seen roadwork everywhere we go. I know our trench team is participating in that, as well as our gen rent teams in the market. So specialty has definitely been holding up better, and I think we'll continue to expect that going forward.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thanks. And then you gave us some really good color on the OEC on rent. But just as we're modeling this off of fleet productivity, can you just help us think through if there's any other big impacts that we should be thinking about on the ability or the rate side, relative to that down 15% that the OEC on rent is trending at?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. When we think about fleet productivity, we think about the drag that we're going to have on fleet productivity in the near-term is absolutely time utilization. And the net of rate and mix, we're not really expecting to be anywhere near the variable that we have in time utilization. So that is where our focus is right now. We'll  rate is always something that we're going to manage to optimize and to make sure we're getting a good return, but that's not  the area that's going to show the most numerical change is 100%. Probably for the balance of this year is going to be the time utilization impact of fleet productivity.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Courtney.
Jessica Graziano: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question please.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. Thinking about specialty equipment that's been deployed at hospitals, temporary sites. I would guess a fairly small portion of the total fleet that's on rent. But can you -- do you have any indication from those customers how long that fleet will be deployed?
A  Matt Flannery: I don't think they know. Now we -- if you're local here in the New York metropolitan area, you hear that some are coming down, which thank Dot, great news. I'd never be so happy to have a piece of equipment called off ring. In my life as those dealing with the Javits center for that temporary hospital there. So, I don't -- we don't really have that visibility. It's going to vary based on what they're doing within the market. So we haven't really gotten much color on that. To your point, it's not -- it's really more of an opportunity to help support the community than necessarily anything that's going to have a huge numerical change on our results. So, I really don't have any color on that to share with you.
Steven Ramsey: Great. And then secondly, quickly, you talked about using free cash flow to paying down debt, would also be interested, does that mean a direct reduction in debt outstanding, or is there a near-term interest in building up cash to stay on the balance sheet in the near term? Maybe just how you're thinking through that?
A  Jessica Graziano: Sure. Sure. This is Jess. No, it would be -- we would take down the ABL. It would not be to focus on increasing cash reserves. We actually have a little more cash in the bank right now than we normally do. We -- you can assume that the free cash flow will be debt reduction against the ABL.
Steven Ramsey: Great. Thanks.
A  Jessica Graziano: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and I'm glad that we had this opportunity to address everyone's questions. I mean, we know that every piece of information held at a very uncertain time like this. Hopefully, you also got an opportunity to look at our Q1 investor deck. You can download that online. And if you want to talk before our next call, please reach out to Ted. We hope the business world and the world, in general, is in a better place in July when we get to speak. But for now, thank you, everyone, for being on the call and most importantly, stay safe. Operator, you can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms, such as free cash flow adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure.  Speaking today for United Reynolds is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. Let's start with full year 2019. It was a solid year of profitable growth for United Rentals, both organically and through the impact of our acquisitions, and we expect to deliver more growth again this year. We're continuing to gain ground in a cycle that's not without its challenges, but one that we think has legs in 2020. And you saw that reflected in the guidance we released yesterday.  In many ways, 2019 was a year of transition for us. Now we've lapped the large acquisitions, and we have a clean slate and a much greater platform for growth. To recap the full year highlights. Both our revenue and earnings were up year-over-year as reported and also pro forma. We delivered record EBITDA of $4.4 billion and a record free cash flow of $1.6 billion.  On the flip side, there were some stubborn headwinds that impacted our numbers. When we look at the fourth quarter specifically, we had some rough spots. We knew rental revenue growth would moderate, but Q4 pro forma growth was lower than expected at around 1%. And some of our costs were higher. This created a drag on our margins.  The single biggest constraint was a slowdown in upstream oil and gas. Within our rental operations, it impacted not just revenue, but also our operating costs. We spoke about this last quarter, and Jeff will discuss the impact in detail, including the expenses we had for repair, maintenance and repositioning of the fleet that we pulled back from the oilfield. We're sending that equipment to other markets where it can generate revenue down the road. We didn't have grand expectations for the upstream market. But frankly, the speed of the decline was a surprise.  We expect the demand to stabilize early this year, although year-over-year, the comps will remain tough for a couple of quarters. If I had to point to 1 metric where we were most disappointed in overall is fleet productivity. Our biggest opportunity to repair productivity in 2020 is with fleet absorption. We have the assets in place and the team is focused on getting excess capacity out on rent in a disciplined manner as activity ramps up.  Based on what we're hearing from our customers and the field organization, we're confident that the demand will be there. On the subject of fleet, I want to take a minute to comment on the CapEx ranges in our guidance. Our plan calls for $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion of gross CapEx this year. The low end of that range represents our expected maintenance CapEx and the top end accommodates growth as the year plays out. This would most likely be used for specialty fleet or equipment for specific projects.  Broadly speaking, the last 3 months have helped confirm both the weakness and the strength we see in the cycle. We had a couple of regions hurt by oil and gas and a couple of others with strong increases in rental revenue, driven by large infrastructure projects and nonres activity. Aside from those, our regions were generally slightly up or slightly down.  Our specialty segment had another strong quarter. Rental revenue from Trench Power and Fluid Solutions combined grew almost 9%, and about half of that was organic. The highest growth came from our Power & HVAC business. This year, we'll continue to invest in specialty with another 25 cold-starts planned across our service offering and that's following 34 we added in 2019. And this will bring our specialty network close to 400 locations by year-end. Our ongoing investments in specialty are part of our broader strategy to differentiate our service offering.  Customers see us as a solutions provider, not just an equipment rental company. In 2019, we made strategic investments in growth initiatives that we believe can be highly accretive long term. And we'll continue to invest in the business this year, even though it may have a short-term impact on our margins.  Now here's where we come out on the landscape looking forward. We believe that our construction markets will continue to grow through 2020, but not at the same rate as 2019. With industrial, our base case assumes more of the same sluggish activity. Our industrial revenue in 2019 was essentially flat with '18. If we exclude the impact of upstream oil and gas, industrial was up 3% for the year.  I can sum up our expectations for this year in 4 words: Slowing but still growing. And this jives with a number of external data points including our most recent customer confidence index. It's at the highest point since August. Construction backlogs are stable. The December ABI came in above 50 again and the CEO confidence remains strong.  The combination of these indicators help shape our outlook. But we're not taking anything for granted. If conditions change, we have a lot of flexibility built into our business model. Our job now is to unlock the value of this big engine we've built. I made that comment on the third quarter call, and it was a theme for our annual management meeting this month.  We had more than 2,000 leaders in Minneapolis to kick off the year. They came away with concrete plans to achieve our goals and a powerful platform to do it with. Not just fleet and branches, but also digital capabilities specialized solutions and most importantly, our talent base. Our people are the #1 reason I can say with confidence. While no company can control the operating environment, we do have the ability to continuously improve our performance from the inside out. That's our mantra. Bigger doesn't really matter unless we're constantly driving for better.  Also, I want to give a shout out to our team on safety performance. They delivered another year with a total recordable rate below 1, despite the noise of the multiple integrations. Finally, I want to speak to our stewardship of United Rentals on behalf of all stakeholders. The priority of our leadership team is to manage the business for the optimal balance of growth, margin, returns and free cash flow.  In 2020, we're looking at another year of profitable growth and strong cash generation. We plan to use that cash in ways that will benefit our investors. First, we'll continue to invest in strategic initiatives that we believe have long-term accretive value. Second, we're planning to use about $1 billion to pay down debt. And yesterday, we announced a new share repurchase program that will return an estimated $500 million to our investors over the next 12 months.  We have a lot of flexibility in the ways we can serve our stakeholders. The constant is that we're a disciplined, resilient company with a focus on driving returns in any environment. That's what our investors expect, and that's what we'll deliver. With that, I'll ask Jess to walk you through the quarter, and then we'll go to Q&A. So Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. There's a lot to cover this morning, so let's jump right into the fourth quarter results, starting with rental revenue. On an as-reported basis, our rental revenue grew 3.7% or $73 million to just over $2.06 billion. Adjusting for BlueLine on a pro forma basis, rental revenue was up 0.8% for the quarter or about $14 million.  Within rental revenue, as reported OER growth contributed $62 million of the $73 million increase. Ancillary revenue was up about $15 million and re-rent revenue decreased by 4. Here's a breakdown of the $62 million or 3.7% OER growth. We had growth in our fleet of 7.6%, which translates into $127 million of additional revenue. Fleet inflation cost us 1.5% or $25 million and fleet productivity on an as-reported basis was down 2.4% or a decrease of $40 million. I'll mention that year-over-year, fleet productivity on a pro forma basis was down 1.8%. Time utilization remained a headwind in the quarter, and the combined benefit we've had in rate and mix were not enough to offset the impact of lower time. That's rental revenue. Let's move to used sales.  Used sales revenue was up 31% or $58 million year-over-year. That represents $154 million more fleet sold at OEC. The environment continues to be strong with overall proceeds as a percentage of OEC of about 52%. That number climbs to 56%, if I exclude the auction sales we had in Q4. Sales at retail made up over 2/3 of sales in the quarter as we sold 40% more fleet through this healthy retail channel versus last year.  Adjusted gross margin on used sales in the quarter was 43%, down from 51% in Q4 last year. That decline is mainly due to more auction sales of fleet with high operating hours, including units from the oil patch as well as a 4% decline in retail pricing we experienced, given the increased volume that we sold through that channel in Q4.  Taking a look at EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was just over $1.15 billion, an increase of $37 million or 3% year-over-year. And here's a breakdown of the as-reported changes. In rental, OER contributed $7 million. Ancillary benefited adjusted EBITDA by $2 million. Re-rent was a decrease of 7. Used sales added $11 million to EBITDA, and better performance in our other lines of business provided $3 million. SG&A helped adjusted EBITDA by $21 million year-over-year. And I'll note there, that includes the impact of debt, and we also recognized about $6 million in synergies year-over-year from the BlueLine stub period.  Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 47%, which is down 140 basis points year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA flow-through was approximately 25%. Both margin and flow-through were impacted this quarter by a number of dynamics. First, and most importantly, was the slower rate of growth realized in the fourth quarter in large part due to the decline in the upstream end markets. As we've said before, our ability to reach our targeted levels of flow through requires a combination of positive fleet productivity in revenue and cost productivity gains.  At 0.8% pro forma rental revenue growth, which includes negative fleet productivity, the margin and flow-through were challenged, given slow growth in the quarter and our maintaining a cost structure that supports the capacity we expect to need to service growth in 2020. We also continued to make investments in growth initiatives that will drive value in the future.  Second, our cost base was stressed by repair and repositioning costs coming out of continued declines in the upstream markets. I mentioned in the third quarter call that some of those additional costs would play out through the fourth quarter, and they did at around $8 million. Line of business mix was another headwind in flow-through. The fourth quarter included a sizable increase in used equipment sales as well as growth in our nonrental lines of business, all of which are dilutive to margin and flow-through this period.  A comment on adjusted EPS. We delivered a strong $5.60 in the quarter compared with $4.85 in Q4 of 2018. That's an increase of 15%, primarily from better operating performance, lower shares outstanding and tax benefits that we recognized in Q4.  Let's move to CapEx and free cash flow. For the full year, we brought in $2.13 billion in gross CapEx, with $158 million of that having come in during the fourth quarter. Excluding $831 million in proceeds from used sales, net rental CapEx for 2019 was $1.3 billion. We generated robust free cash flow in 2019, about $1.6 billion for the year or an increase of $258 million from 2018. That's up over 19% and adds back about $26 million in merger and restructuring payments we made last year.  Our tax adjusted ROIC remains strong, coming in at 10.4% for the fourth quarter. That continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital, which currently runs south of 8%. Year-over-year, tax adjusted ROIC was down 60 basis points, due in part to the decline in margin this quarter and, to a lesser extent, as a result of the expected drag from our acquisitions.  Looking at the balance sheet. Net debt at December 31 was $11.4 billion, which is $300 million lower than last year. Leverage at the end of the year was 2.6x, that's down 10 basis points from the end of the third quarter and down 50 basis points for the full year. And a quick comment on liquidity, which at year-end was a very strong $2.14 billion, comprised mainly of ABL capacity.  A few comments on capital allocation and our share repurchase programs. We completed our $1.25 billion repurchase program, purchasing $200 million of stock in the fourth quarter. Our 2019 purchases under that program reduced the total share count by about 7%. As Matt mentioned, we will prioritize the use of our excess free cash flow towards reducing leverage in 2020. We're targeting $1 billion towards debt reduction this year, and I'll speak to guidance in a minute. But based on the strength of the free cash flow we expect to generate this year, we also expect to return additional cash to shareholders through a new $500 million share repurchase program that will complete over the next 12 months.  I'll wrap up with a few comments on guidance. Our 2020 outlook was included in our release last night. First, we expect 2020 will be another year of growth in this cycle, albeit slower growth. Our guidance for low single-digit growth in total revenue assumes continued support from our construction end markets as well as certain industrial verticals while working through tough comps from oil and gas in the first half of the year.  We're focused on increasing fleet productivity and our plan sees positive fleet productivity for the full year. But to be clear, we'll likely continue to see some challenges in a seasonally slower Q1, closely managing our CapEx as we continue to reposition fleet in advance of the busier start of the season in Q2.  We expect to sell more used equipment in 2020 as we leverage what is still a strong used market. And we'll keep our fleet refreshed with approximately $1.9 billion of inflation-adjusted replacement CapEx. That's at the bottom end of our growth CapEx range. We'll add growth capital in 2020, primarily in support of our specialty businesses, but we'll look to adjust CapEx accordingly as we monitor demand and look first to utilize the fleet we already have in the field.  Our outlook includes low single-digit growth for adjusted EBITDA as well this year. Cost management remains a focus for us, and it's balanced with continued investment in areas we know will generate better customer service and shareholder value over the longer term, like in our specialty cold-starts, the build-out of our services businesses and our digital platforms.  Finally, while we continue to invest in growth, we'll also generate higher free cash flow this year, the majority of it earmarked for debt reduction and the new share repurchase program. So with that, let's move on to your questions. Operator, would you please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I think the [indiscernible] is the fleet productivity for '20. The credibility of the guide that it can be positive. Jess, can you least take us through a little bit the thoughts on cadence. You mentioned at the early part of the year, it's still a struggle of productivity and it seems that the key metric really is the fleet utilization within that productivity number. Can you give us some sense, do you expect fleet productivity to be positive year-over-year as early as 2Q? Or is it more 3Q? Just some sense of what kind of ramp do we need to see. And then really, particularly in fleet utilization to give us confidence fleet productivity can be positive for the year.
Matthew Flannery: David, good question. This is Matt. I would say we're no better at predicting fleet productivity than we were late [indiscernible] time, to be frank. But when we do have a lot more, right, three levers combined in the two, in the one versus the two and then mix. So we think that we've been very explicit that fleet absorption is going to be the greatest opportunity. The only reason why we're talking about that it will take some time is because it's not going to be a light switch. But we think the combination of our rigorous management of it, some easier comps, quite frankly, as we get through the back half of the year is going to make it accelerate. But I wouldn't necessarily take that at Q1 or Q2 as positive or negative. Just that we feel it will improve throughout the year. We do feel -- I mean, if this guidance holds up, these end markets hold up, everything that we firmly believe in, it implies fleet productivity being positive. It almost have to. So we do we do feel firm on that.
David Raso: Would you say it'd be fair, Matt, to say that CapEx, especially the cadence, no less, if the fleet productivity is proving to be challenging as you get further into 1Q into the key spring selling season. You will look back -- look to -- sorry, pull back on the net CapEx because that's more of the focus this year is making sure that the utilization improves?
Matthew Flannery: Absolutely great. That's an absolutely accurate and great point, and that's why you see a broader range this year in CapEx guidance than we normally have because where we end up in that range. Obviously, demand will play a part in it. But this year, specifically, absorption will play a part and how well we do in absorbing the fleet. So that's why you see that broader range. So that's the right way to think about.
David Raso: And I guess my last question, I mean, what we can debate the credibility can get fleet productivity to be positive. But if you believe you can, the incremental EBITDA margins for the year seem very low. I mean, you basically have 38% incremental EBITDA margins and if fleet utilization is getting close to flat to allow fleet productivity to be positive? I'm struggling with so many costs in 2019, right, $12 million in the last quarter alone on oil and gas, $8 million now in the fourth quarter, oil and gas hit. I mean, that's $20 million of costs you would think wouldn't repeat. And if you pull that out of the guidance, I mean, you're talking about almost no EBITDA incremental on the revenue growth. So I'm just trying to square up, if you really believe you can get fleet productivity positive, why would the incrementals with all those costs not repeating be this week?
Matthew Flannery: So I'll -- Jess, I think, did a great job breaking down some of the issues in her prepared remarks, and I'd love Jess to comment in a minute, but I would -- the most obvious ones to slow growth, right? So it's just having to absorb both the natural inflation of the business when you're in a low single-digit environment, but also some of the choices we're making to continue to lean in to making sure we're building out capacity for some of our other initiatives. If we were managing for a quarter, maybe you wouldn't make those investments. We're certainly not or we don't think anybody want us to so it's just a little bit of headwind from those two, but slow growth is the main driver. Jess, I don't know if you want to add any more color.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add is that there's really two other dynamics that are playing through. One is those comps in the first half for upstream, right? We really -- we saw in 2019 that the rig count in the upstream business really started to decline in the third quarter of '19, right? So we need to comp that through the first half. The other thing is we're going to continue to make the investments that I mentioned, right, continue to build out some of our services business that frankly, come in with lower margins. They're not as asset intensive, so the returns are really good in those lines. But in building those up off of a low base, right, there's going to be some investment that we're going to continue to make in building those businesses out. The other is continuing to invest in cold-starts that also need time to build up and build out and some of the digital capabilities that we're going to continue to grow and lean into in 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Two questions. I guess, can you just talk about what your assumptions are for disposing of used equipment in 2020. Do you expect to continue to use the auction channel as much as you did in 2019 -- here at the end '19? And then my follow-up question is just on these oil and gas markets, the energy markets, are you seeing any kind of knock-on effect as of this point in more traditional construction equipment?
Matthew Flannery: No problem, Seth. So first answer for the auctions. No, we think this year, with all this fleet that we're pulling out of the oil and gas and some of the excess capacity we had through the BlueLine acquisition. We had more than our usual by quite a bit of really tired old fleet, and it was just the appropriate decision. I probably did 4 or 5x more the options we have in any other year we have but we're not going to sell that type of fleet to our customers. It's just -- we're just not going to do that. I think the good news is that -- and Jess pointed to this in her prepared remarks, the end market for used equipment retail was really strong. And so we'll continue to push that lever. We think that's a unique strategy that separates us and our returns and our ability to get the high proceeds per CapEx dollar per OEC dollar. And we'll continue to focus on that. The only thing we'll send to auctions are stuff that we're just not going to sell to our customers.  On the oil and gas, we're not really seeing a knock-on effect broadly, like you may have in 15 because all that infrastructure was already built around it. What we are seeing, though, is that 31% drop in Q4, brought us to a 16% drop in upstream oil and gas full year. That was significant. And you saw a little bit of that drag on midstream as well. Those are the 2 areas that frankly surprised us at the -- how fast they decelerated. Within our embedded guidance, we're thinking of maybe another 10% drop in the year. So we're not counting on oil and gas to recover and we don't feel there's going to be any broad knock-on effect as a result.
Seth Weber: And do you feel like you've finish the moves and the relocation of the fleet out of those markets at this point? Or is there still more equipment that needs to come out? I mean, do you -- can you just -- can you characterize your utilization levels in the energy markets relative to where you want them to be?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So if you think about the cadence of $12 million in Q3, $8 million in Q4, I think that cadence will continue. We don't expect to see a big drag probably -- hopefully, one that we wouldn't even call out in Q1. Now to be fair, if it drops a lot more than 10%. I mean, it's only 3.7% of our business right now. So we think we're appropriately sized there. If you take 10% off of that, that's still not a big number. And then the repairs on that shouldn't need to be a call out. The only reason you hear me say caveat is because I didn't expect it in Q4. But we don't really expect to have a big number in 2020 for repair and repositioning in oil and gas.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wartheimer from Melius.
Robert Wertheimer: Can I just ask a similar question, a little bit bigger picture versus what has been asked already. I mean, if you look at our EBITDA margins over the past 4, 5 years, and they're higher than today and you've absorbed, obviously, a tremendous amount of growth. And some asset mix changes too, I guess, [indiscernible] and other things. So leaving aside the vagaries of this year, do you believe you're intrinsic EBITDA margin potential is higher than today? Or is this the right level and you grow by capital redeployment from here?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Rob. I think it's a great point. It really depends on how fast some of our other businesses grow. Generally, we feel like this is a kind of EBITDA margin we can continue to drive longer-term and maybe even improve upon as we get some of these lower-margin businesses that we bought over the years to improve. I would say that the only thing that we're really focused on is as we build out these service businesses, there's not -- they're very asset light. So there's not a lot of -- it's not as high an EBITDA margin, but really good returns. I think it's too early for us to worry about that now, but I'm just -- as I'm projecting, to your point, a higher thinking longer-term question. EBITDA margin could dilute and returns could be higher, theoretically. This depends on how fast we grow some of these asset-light and service businesses, but we're going to be in this ballpark, we feel around this area for a while.
Robert Wertheimer: And then just -- we've chatted about this in the past, but how long does it take to get BlueLine fully up and operational at sort of your eye levels? Is it a year, two years, three or four years you're still seeing benefits? Like how do you think about that?
Matthew Flannery: So I think that all the sales challenges and repairs are pretty much done external facing. And that's what I meant when I say clean slate. So I think as we get through the seasonal build this year, get past some of the comps that Jess has been talking about for the first half of the year on oil and gas. I think we're in pretty good shape. As an organization, including the themes that came from blue one. When you're thinking about some of the legacy acquired shops. I'll point to -- I think we played a video a couple of years ago at Investor Day, where we had the branch manager from Boston. Did a real good job talking about year 1. They were just drinking from a fire hose and all the new tools. In year 2, they really started to comprehend how to utilize them. And then in that third year is where they ramp up. So if I take that -- I take the BlueLine maybe they're a little bigger company, maybe they're even faster than learners. But I think that when we really think about the full maturity of productivity out of those acquired stores. Sometime in the back half of this year, '21. I don't know when exactly. I think they're really catching on to the tools and being able to focus on utilizing them at scale, which is really the difference that we've done here in our legacy United stores. The scale is new to a lot of folks outside of our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.
Joseph O'Dea: First question is just on CapEx and implied growth range of flat to up $300 million. It seems like based on the specialty growth targets that you revised recently, you should be at least at the midpoint of that, if not higher. And so I don't know if it implies that the gen rent fleet, if anything could even shrink this year. And so just how you're thinking about that path of specialty growth and then maybe what's implied in terms of gen rent fleet thinking?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So as I had answered -- I think it was David who asked the question first. We're going to -- where we end up in that range depends on how fast we absorb. And that absorption is really primarily in the gen rent business. So you're active -- we are going to fund our specialty growth. When I think about -- at the midpoint, that's probably in the range of between the cold-starts and the organic growth that we're driving through the specialty team will need to fund over and above the replacement CapEx. So we're not really guiding to that we will shrink generate. Unless all of the demand can be filled with the latent capacity. We're not betting on that. We're not even hoping for that, but it is a fair observation. So I don't think that, that 1 9 -- if we have to use some of that 1.9 because we're not absorbing as fast to buy some specialty assets, that is what we will do.
Joseph O'Dea: And then on the time side of things, just trying to understand a little bit better why that's surprised in the quarter. A lot of attention on oil and gas. I mean, was it all oil and gas? Or were there other things that you saw develop over the course of the quarter that wound up shaking out just a little bit differently from what you anticipated in, say, end of October?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So oil and gas is certainly a big driver. But to your point, the back half of Q4, what we've called -- lovingly called the Turkey drop. For my 29 years, I never get used to how much we drop that Thanksgiving. A little bit steeper than we usually do. That was transient. We feel comfortable that repairs as we sit here and guide here as today. We obviously feel comfortable that, that will repair. And that was -- those were the 2 major contributors. What we're encouraged about is that you see that the OEMs backlog seems to be that the industry is responding to that little bit of a slower growth. So think about everybody's been building their fleets for this high single digit, double-digit growth. It's appropriate for people to take a pause and absorb. So that really shows me good discipline from the industry overall, and I think that's a big part of the confidence we have that we'll be able to repair the time utilization in 2020.
Joseph O'Dea: And that's -- just a question on the fleet productivity because my impression from your comments there is that it wasn't a matter of you might have been a little bit more disciplined on the rate side of things and suffered on the utilization side of things but the industry at large would probably be trending with the kind of rate experience that you had.
Matthew Flannery: I don't really know. I can't -- I don't want to say that because we don't know that answer what the industry is doing. What I can say and thanks for giving me the opportunity to reiterate. Our opportunity to drive time utilization is because we're going to drive it through 1 or 2 ways: More fleet on rent or better discipline on the inflow. It's not because we're, if any change in strategy that we're going to trade-off any kind of rate to get higher time utilization. That is not the goal at all. We think it's important to continue to have rigorous rate management to go forward as we absorb inflation. So I think this is just more about as the growth decelerates to lower single to mid-single digits. It's just appropriate that, that pace the industry paces. And I think that's what I was referring to the backlogs that you're seeing from the OEMs being down year-over-year is a good response.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if we could just expand on the specialty discussion. At the specialty day, I think we spoke about 32 cold-starts plant for '20, which if we look at the midpoint of the CapEx guidance range, the entirety of $300 million of growth CapEx would be accounted for by specialty. So I just want to make sure that we have those pieces right. And if there are any other moving pieces we should keep in mind relative to what we spoke about at the specialty day. Would love an update.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So glad you viewed that. I heard that was very widely and broadly enjoyed from the investment community. And Paul and the team did a good job. I would say we've got that number right now, take, for $25 whether it's accelerates, we'll have a lot to do with -- actually, CapEx will be the last part of the decision we are we getting the facilities of people that we need to accelerate it to maybe a goal of above 30, as we did, frankly, in '19, we increased the amount from what we originally thought. So this is no change in the overall strategy. But just to be clear, the number that we're focused on right now is 25 cold-starts planned for '20, and that may lessen that CapEx need more to the $200 million range as the way we're thinking about it right now. That will be prioritized because, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is a differentiator for us. And solving more customers' problems, we think, is a real part of why people do business with United Rentals. So no change in strategy, just numerically might be a little bit less than what you may remember from the specialty day.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And then as you folks have used more and more data analytics. A, can you just talk about the decision for CapEx for '19 to come in at the high end of the prior guidance range because if we have CapEx at the low end of the guidance range, time -- you would be 50, 60 basis points stronger and obviously, you folks made those decisions in the field on a case-by-case basis. But any comments that you can make and I appreciate the seasonality comment post Thanksgiving. But any additional context because given the time you pressure, I guess, we would have thought CapEx would be at the low end of the guide.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So unfortunately, and we joke about this internally a little bit. I can't cut up a 60-foot boom and create generators and light towers. I will tell you that when we look at the fourth quarter CapEx, which we manage very tightly we had a significant amount, almost 25% of that was just our HVAC assets. So between leaders, temporary power, stuff like that. So that probably would be in the range of -- with the math that said $50 million, $100 million less, if it was just -- if we weren't bringing in assets that where we had some time utilization opportunity. It was more -- the mix of assets that we're bringing from -- for different businesses and to support. As to your question earlier, our specialty growth and some seasonal items as well.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, on the cadence, as we look at the time you in the second quarter of '19, it was, call it, 150 basis points lower than normal seasonality versus the first quarter. So it does look like you could potentially turn the corner for fleet productivity in the second quarter of '20. I just want to make sure we're not up over our skis with that thought process. Any comments that you can share on that?
Matthew Flannery: No. I think you're directionally correct, how the mix comes in, right? We talk a lot about time the mix will be a component of it as well. But as long as we do think that we have that opportunity and we think our guys kind of embeds that. But as I've talked about, I think it was a question that we had earlier on. We -- regardless of where the number is. We do believe that we expect it will accelerate throughout the year because of the tough comps you mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis.
Courtney Yakavonis: So do you just back on the comments about oil and gas being down another 10%. Just wanted to clarify that, that is for the full year 29th incremental 10 off of the fourth quarter. And secondly, when you're thinking about the guidance for next year, I know you've talked about kind of this slowing environment, but are there any other end markets, geographies so you are baking into your guidance to be down next year, either for the first half or for the full year?
Matthew Flannery: So first, on the oil and gas, probably flat from year-end. So that 10% would be the deceleration that's already continued. So think about that as a -- it's just the impact full year of that back half of the year declined, right? So not an additional. And then when we're thinking about other end markets. As you heard me say in the opening remarks, the industrial market is a lot of puts and takes, right? We talked a lot about upstream and then even midstream were down. Downstream was great. Downstream was a good guy. Chemical processing was down. Power was up. So there's a lot of puts and takes within it, which is why we're looking at industrial overall is flattish. And embedded in our guidance is that expectation. If something happens in industrial picks up, then that would help push us towards the higher end of the guidance. But we're really relying more on a continued strength, even if it's a little bit slower growth in our -- not in the construction verticals, right, non-res, specifically.
Courtney Yakavonis: Got you. And how would you characterize MRO activities this quarter? I think you've historically talked about close to half of the business in industrial being MRO. Have you seen any impact to that from some of those puts and takes that you mentioned?
Matthew Flannery: Nothing that we can quantify. We certainly have heard some delays from the field team about turnarounds here in Q4. So that could have impacted that sluggish Q4 result. And whether they pick those up in Q1, we're trying to stretch it to Q4 next year, who knows, those are usually time periods when they would do turnarounds. That would be the only MRO thing that was a little bit lagging. We don't think it was structural or continual? Just some push offs that we had seen, specifically in the Gulf Coast.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. And then just lastly, on the debt paydown. I think based on your guidance, that should begin you guys close to 2x exiting next year. Just curious how we should be thinking about your targets from there? And whether any of this when you talk about seeing construction markets up at least through 2021. Is any of this kind of planning that you could possibly see some EBITDA declines beyond 2020.
Jessica Graziano: So let me take the first part first. The debt reduction that we have targeted for 2020, that $1 billion, we feel comfortable is going to continue to get us call it, into the middle of the lower half of our range. Looking out to 2021, it's a little too early for that right now. I mean, we've talked about prioritizing, leverage reduction and working towards 2x at the peak. We're going to obviously continue that path in 2021. The quantum of it, I just don't know yet, Courtney. So I don't want to go too far on that. I mean, as far as EBITDA going forward, again, that's 2021 is just a little too far out at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: So first question, just on the latent capacity that you've highlighted and the focus on driving absorption how does that -- how should we expect that plays into our deliveries kind of move through the year. I'm just thinking from the standpoint of ending sequentially, I would assume you have a -- we should assume a bigger than normal seasonal decline from where you ended '19. Is that fair? I.e., if you sell more fleet when you bring in?
Matthew Flannery: So when you say deliveries, Tim, I'm assuming you mean CapEx in flow?
Timothy Thein: Yes. Yes.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. So I think you could expect us to see pretty close to a normal cadence. In Q1 will be a little big [ph], but it's a small number, right? So when you're talking about whether it's $50 million or $75 million smaller on a $15 billion base, not meaningful, but technically, a little bit softer in Q1. And then the rest of the cadence and really the meat of our CapEx spend is in that Q2 and the first -- in the beginning of Q3 range, where we really are in the peak build season of our fleet on rent. And that will flex directly correlated to how we end up doing with time utilization, fleet absorption, whatever term you want to utilize. So that's how we're thinking about it. And hopefully, that answers what you were looking for. 
Timothy Thein: Yes, yes. Okay. And then, Matt, just on the kind of the interplay between fleet age and operating costs and R&M costs. There's been a lot of discussion here in the last losing the second half about elevated R&M costs. And I get that a lot of that was moving stuff in and out of the oil and gas regions and reposition our fleet. But at almost 50 months, do you -- does that start to put some pressure on R&M? Or is that -- I mean, I know you sales are up. So presumably, that's someone a response to that. But can you just maybe speak to that just in terms of that interplay?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, on the margin, right? You could pick apart how much of its inflation, how much of it is just fleet age, but it's on the margin. The real opportunity and what you pointed to is that take advantage of a strong used market and a strong retail market to make sure we continue to manage that fleet age. Because when that market is not there, when [indiscernible] there becomes a downturn, we don't know how to predict that. But we're not predicting it certainly for 2020. We're going to need to [indiscernible] and then there may be some trade-off for R&M as you age it a year and you really turn off the inflow for a while. That's when you may see a little bit more of an impact on R&M, but the trade-off between that and having too much fleet and the positive free cash flow. Is the way we plan to think about it long term, which is why it's so important we drive new sales here. So we're not aging the fleet too quickly, while there's still growth to be had.
Timothy Thein: Okay. All right. And then maybe last one, Matt, just on the large project pipeline, what's the feedback in just in terms of the quoting levels and just size of the pipeline in terms of what you're hearing from the national account team, yes, still good. I mean, the team still feels really good, specifically about where we're aligned strongly with our national accounts and our large accounts and large projects, as you know, that's a specialty for us [indiscernible] strong. And probably more importantly, we're not hearing of any cancellations. So that's -- that would be a sign of something different. So we think overall, most of the macro indicators as well as our internal intelligence from our managers and our customers. This is that there's still growth in 2020. So big projects will continue to play a big part of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just maybe to follow-up on that last point there. Just curious how much visibility you feel like you have for the business. Matt, as you think about the second half and the growth you forecasted, I'm curious how it compares to that second half visibility that you've had at this point in the year, over the past few years?
Matthew Flannery: So I wouldn't say it's any better or worsen over the past few years. And it's not just from our customers but obviously, from the macro indicators. As we say all the time, we talked about our customer confidence index being higher than it was in August. We think it's turned a little more positive than maybe what it was full year, for our customers and really, for most industries outside of navy and industrial. So we think that's a general indication of 2020. Admittedly, we are skewed by large customers and large projects. So as I was answering Tim's question, I realize the local customers depart where maybe our visibility isn't as low as opposed to larger customers, larger projects, we're just pipeline and the supply chain of what it takes to build these launch projects give you inherently more visibility.
Steven Fisher: Okay. That's helpful. And then for Jess, what's the right way to think about SG&A over the course of 2020? Is it a dollar level? Is it a percent of sales? How much focus do you have on that number?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. The percentage -- that's a great question. The percent of sales is definitely the way I would recommend you think about it. The number might move a little here or there, but it's really -- we're managing it more so from a percent of sales perspective.
Steven Fisher: And what do you think that percent of sales, do you have a target for that? Have you kind of quantify that?
Jessica Graziano: Yes, there's no target per se. We -- as we've recognized the benefit of the synergies from the deals that we've done, right? We're pretty comfortable with the percent that we're running with right now. The biggest mover in that because it is total SG&A is what happens with stock comp. And that's really going to be dictated on whatever happens with the stock price, right? But in terms of the components of SG&A that we're managing, it's the pace that we've got right now is -- we're very comfortable with.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: In specialty, a nice trajectory in gross margin, certainly improving and talking about getting synergies there. As well. But just could, Matt, could you delve into cross-selling, how that's progressing, how you're integrating things like total control and fluid solutions. Perhaps? And can we see perhaps positive gross margins maybe in the back half of 2020 in the special?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, absolutely. And I think also the maturation of what's been a lot of cold-starts for the last few months as well as, as we continue to get the whole fluid solutions team continuing to get momentum from being 2 separate companies, right? Our pump business in Baker and how that continues. Much like I talked about the BlueLine integration, how that matures over time, is another opportunity to get margins up in the specialty business. So we absolutely feel good about that.  And the cross-sell opportunities is, as I said earlier, something that we view as a real differentiator. It's something we spend a lot of time with all of our leaders in Minneapolis and workshops on selling that continued value because we're big believers in it. We expect that to contribute to margin expansion for specialty as well.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll just add one thing there. When you look at the specialty margins, right now, they are burdened by acquisition activity, right? So to the extent that we continue to absorb and leverage the scale and the opportunity in those acquisitions, that's going to help margins over the long-term as well.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. And then as a follow-up, and it's a follow-up to the prior question on SG&A, which you covered pretty well, but I want to delve into bad debt, which you called out in prepared remarks, that you got that $15 million lower. That was impressive, and I don't recall you calling out bad debt before. So A, kind of what was happening in the fourth quarter? And then, B, how does that play into the SG&A consideration in 2020?
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So that $15 million is actually, you can break that down, there's about 10 of that 15 is just better bad debt expense experience, right, doing better on collections, the DSO coming down, just the actual bad debt activity that we had this quarter versus last year. $5 million of the $15 million is actually a change. We had a change in the accounting standard for revenue that moved $5 million out of G&A and actually moved it up contra revenue, right? So that's actually a burden in OER.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research.
Steven Ramsey: I wanted to talk on upstream, longer term, some of the stuff your control, I know, but if and when upstream picks up again, rigs are active would you move fleet back in to take advantage or doesn't the last set months change your perspective permanently on how you manage fleet in upstream areas.
Matthew Flannery: I think we were -- believe it or not, we were a little more cautious of how much we moved in this last up cycle from the 1 previously. If you remember, this used to be 10% of our business. We made -- I think we're almost 11%. We managed it down to about 5%. I think you'll see us come with that same caution again. And it's not that the business full cycle isn't profitable. It's just -- if we don't need to, it's just a little too variable. So it will depend on what's going on in the other markets if it's a place where we need to put latent demand, well then, that makes all sense in the world. But if you're talking about how you make your choices between each 1 of these cyclical challenges of upstream, and that volatility certainly informs how much bigger we're going in next time. But to be clear, also, it is still profitable business throughout the cycle. So it's not something we would eliminate altogether, but we would look to optimize existing capacity first and foremost. And even if we're pushing the limit a little bit there rather than growing new resources side.
Steven Ramsey: Great. And then just thinking about -- if I understand what you're saying, nonrental CapEx. Should we expect that to continue moving up based on cold starts, digital investments, et cetera, even though rental Capex, you're being more disciplined on that line.
Matthew Flannery: No, not really. When we're talking about investments, we're not just talking CapEx. We're talking about -- and that's why we really talk about. So maybe the word investment, it's not the -- not a balance sheet form of investment, but investing into the cost that -- with a fixed cost and the additional cost that we have to support more text for our service business or to build out the shops to do more work or trainers for safety training. Those are the service business we're talking about where we're investing more cost into. As far as the hard asset capital investments, yes, there will always be some incremental to cold-starts, you need to put new trucks in there. You need to do some of that stuff. But that's not anything extraordinary that we would call out.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Flannery for any further remarks. .
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. And just a reminder that our Q4 investor deck and 2020 guidance are available online. And as always, you can reach out to Ted with questions here in Stanford. So thanks, and we look forward to our next call. Operator, go ahead and end the call, please.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's press release and today's call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. I'll start by commenting on the quarter and the state of the operating environment, and then Jess will cover the financial results. And after that, we'll take your questions. So as you saw in our release, we reported a solid third quarter, but not a perfect one. We're pleased that we delivered substantial growth while wrapping up the integrations, and that's an important achievement because it speaks to the long-term potential of leveraging our larger platform.  Yesterday, we reported the best revenue numbers of any quarter in our history, $2.5 billion of total revenue and $2.2 billion of rental revenue. And to put that into perspective, our total revenue was up more than 5% pro forma. That took a lot of focus on the part of our field organization. Their efforts drove an improvement in our fleet productivity metric both sequentially and year-over-year. And Jess will talk more about that in a minute.  Now here's what we could have done better. Our adjusted EBITDA was a record $1.2 billion, and that's good, but not as good as we expected. And it created some pressure on margin and flow-through. Now part of that relates to a more moderate build with the OEC on rent due to a slower growth in some of our industrial end markets. This, coupled with the acquisitions, resulted in some excess fleet, and we've been working through that. And when it makes sense, we service these assets and relocate them to markets of higher demand. This increases R&M and delivery costs in the near-term, but it drives capital-efficient growth over time. And we also sold some older assets with high operating hours, and this includes some equipment from the oil patch where upstream declined. Sales like this are generally dilutive to our used equipment margin. So the parts of the quarter that weren't perfect are largely tied to positioning, and that will continue to play out to a lesser degree in the fourth quarter. It will absorb the near-term impacts because the benefits will last well beyond that. And we're confident that we're making the right long-term decisions for the business. Our job now is to take this powerful engine that we've built and extract increasing value from it over time.  As we discussed in July, in the first half of the year, we were focused internally on the structural phase of the BlueLine integration as well as some smaller deals. Now we've pivoted to an external focus. Our sales territories are finalized. We've added more sales talent in the field to expand our coverage. And we've enhanced our outreach program to reactivate dormant customers.  We've also been making significant investments in our fleet mix, including continued investment in our specialty solutions. Having the right fleet in the right markets delivers on two fronts: It helps us solve more challenges for our customers, and it's also key to our strategy for improving return on capital. And moving on to the operating environment, the construction landscape has remained strong across the board, and our customer survey suggests this trend should remain intact. All three construction sectors are showing good growth: nonresidential, infrastructure and residential. In fact, the rental revenue for nonres, our core market, was up almost 9% pro forma in the quarter. And our focus on infrastructure continues to pay dividends as it now accounts for double-digit percentage of our total rental revenue. This positive environment was partially offset by headwinds in some of the industrial verticals, as I mentioned earlier. The further deceleration in upstream oil and gas is reflected by the rig count data. By contrast, downstream grew in high single digits, and there were some other puts and takes in the industrial verticals. So in general, industrial was more of a mixed bag than it was in the first half of the year.  So for the first time in a while, construction and industrial activity appeared to be on somewhat different paths, and we've taken this into account in making the updates to our 2019 guidance. Our new ranges assume a more modest rate of growth in the near-term impacts on flow-through that I mentioned earlier, as well as our expectation for higher free cash flow. And Jess will address these in more detail. Now looking at it geographically. The majority of our regions were up in the quarter. Only a few were down and those were small single-digit declines. And our Specialty segment continues to deliver strong growth. Trench, power and fluids solutions combined generated a 21% increase in rental revenue as reported compared to a year ago. And organic revenue accounted for about half of that gain. And a shout out to our European team, fluid solutions. They delivered 17% pro forma growth in the quarter in local currency. In North America, we opened another 8 specialty cold-starts in the last 3 months, bringing that network total to 361 locations against our target of 363 by year-end. Before I wrap it up, I want to give you a safety update, and it's a really good one. Heading into September, we challenged the team with an aggressive target for a recordable rate well below 1. And our team responded with an incredible performance. They did better than target, resulting in 12 of our regions and 99% of our branches reporting zero injuries. September was the safest month for United Rentals in our 22-year history. And I'm personally inspired by the way our 19,000 employees have come together as one and embraced our safety culture. Now, the one final comment before I turn the call over to Jess. I want to reiterate our confidence in our position in going into 2020. We appreciate that economic and political uncertainty is a concern for a lot of people. And while we don't have a crystal ball, we do have a lot of experience in planning for different end market scenarios. We can shift gears quickly when we need to. Most important, we remain strongly committed to our strategy of driving profitable growth and to the capital discipline, cost management and execution required to do that. These are the attributes to drive returns in every area of our business under all types of operating conditions.  So with that, I'll ask Jess to walk you through the quarter and then we'll go to Q&A. Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. As with past quarters, I'll walk you through our as reported results, but I'll pivot at times to speak to our performance on a pro forma basis. That includes BlueLine and also includes a month of Baker as we lapse the acquisition on July 31. Let's get into the Q3 results. Rental revenue on an as-reported basis grew 15% or $286 million to $2.147 billion. That's a record for us. The increase is primarily related to the impact of both BlueLine and Baker. But on a pro forma basis, rental revenue was up a solid 4.2% for the quarter.  Within rental revenue, as reported OER growth contributed approximately $242 million of the increase, ancillary added $44 million and re-rent was flat. Here's the breakdown of that $242 million or 15% OER growth. We had growth in our fleet of 18%. That's about $287 million of additional revenue. Fleet inflation cost us the usual 1.5% or $24 million. And fleet productivity on an as-reported basis was down 1.3% or $21 million. A more helpful way to consider fleet productivity is on a pro forma basis, which was up 1.7%. And within that number, rental rates and mix were positive for the quarter, partially offset by lower time utilization.  That's rental revenue. Let's move on used sales. Used sales revenue was up 41% or $58 million year-over-year. The used sales environment continues to be healthy, and we sold $132 million more fleet at OEC than last year. This included a significant increase in sales through our retail channel, which made up 60% of our overall sales. The pricing on those retail sales was down slightly around 1.5%.  Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 46%, down from 50%. That decline is due mainly to the mix of equipments sold and channel mix, which included some auction sales of some tired fleet from the oil patch. Taking a look at EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.207 billion, another record for us, and an increase of $148 million or 14% versus prior year. Here's a bridge on the as reported changes.  The improvement in OER added approximately $140 million. Ancillary and re-rent together contributed $4 million. Used sales added $21 million to adjusted EBITDA. SG&A expenses were a headwind of $24 million, mostly due to adding the BlueLine and Baker cost basis. And that leaves $7 million of adjusted EBITDA benefit in the quarter, which is primarily coming from better performance in our other lines of business.  Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 48.5%, which is down 150 basis points year-over-year due mainly to the impact of bringing in BlueLine and Baker. On a pro forma basis, our adjusted EBITDA margin declined 40 basis points. That is in part coming from a shift in revenue mix with higher used sales in the quarter. It's also due to higher operating costs, primarily in repair, maintenance and delivery. These costs were associated with getting excess fleet rent ready and into higher growth end markets. As reported adjusted EBITDA flow-through was approximately 40%. Now if I reconcile flow-through similar to what we've shared in the past, which is to adjust for the impact of our acquisitions, including synergies as well as the impact of new and used sales, adjusted EBITDA flow-through is still about 40%. The biggest drag on that adjusted flow-through this quarter comes from the higher operating cost I mentioned. However, that calculation is very sensitive. So I'll add that the GAAP this quarter from 40% to a flow-through of close to 60% is around $12 million, which on its own is the cost associated with the investment we've made in repairing and repositioning the fleet this quarter. As for adjusted EPS, a robust $5.96 in the quarter compared with $4.74 in Q3 of '18. That's an increase of 26% primarily from better operating performance across the business and includes the impact of our acquisitions. Adjusted EPS was also helped this quarter from lower shares outstanding.  Let's move to CapEx and free cash flow. Year-to-date, we've brought in $1.97 billion in gross CapEx with $845 million of that having come in during Q3. We're on pace to purchase between $2.05 billion and $2.15 billion of CapEx for the year. And we've adjusted our view of net rental CapEx down for the year by $50 million as we anticipate selling more used equipment than originally expected. That will refresh more of our fleet in a strong used market and position us well going into 2020. Free cash flow, very strong as we generated $1.1 billion through the end of September. We are on track to deliver our full year expectations, which we increased in our guidance update. Our tax-adjusted ROIC remains strong coming in at 10.6% for the third quarter, and that continues to meaningfully exceed our weighted average cost of capital. Year-over-year, tax adjusted ROIC was down 40 basis points primarily as a result of the expected drag from our acquisitions, and we believe that impact will moderate over time. Taking a look at the balance sheet. Net debt at September 30 was $11.7 billion, which is up $1.6 billion from last year. The biggest driver there was the financing of the BlueLine deal, offset in part by our reducing debt through the year. Our total liquidity at September 30 was a very strong $2.16 billion that's comprised mainly of ABL capacity. Leverage at the end of the quarter was 2.7x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. That's down 10 basis points versus where we were at the end of the second quarter. And as we've updated our forecast for the remainder of the year, we expect to finish 2019 at 2.6x, which is a 50 basis point decline from the end of last year.  Here's a quick update on our share repurchase program. We purchased $210 million of stock in the third quarter on our current $1.25 billion program, which puts us at $1.05 billion purchased to date. We still expect to complete this program by year-end, and I'll also note that our total share count at the end of the third quarter was down about 7% year-over-year.  I'll wrap up with a few comments on guidance. Our update was impacted primarily by our third quarter results and trends. Some of which we expect will continue through the end of the year. First, we still expect to deliver mid-single-digit growth in total revenue, but the revenue mix has shifted between slightly lower rental revenue and slightly higher used sales. That shift in revenue mix is reflected in our total revenue range and its impact on adjusted EBITDA.  Second, cost management remains a focus for us. We are balancing that with the need to repair and reposition excess fleet, putting that fleet into strong end markets, which we believe is the right choice for the business. As a result, some of those higher repair, maintenance and delivery costs will play out through the fourth quarter. That change is reflected in our updated adjusted EBITDA range as well.  Third, and as I mentioned earlier, we expect to generate better free cash flow than originally expected. So we brought up the bottom of the free cash flow range such that we expect to generate between $1.45 billion and $1.55 billion in free cash flow this year. That compares to a little over $1.3 billion last year.  And with that, let's move on to your questions. So operator, would you open the line, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Given the way the rest of the year guidance played out where mix obviously was fairly significant as well as some of the cost obviously to repair and maintain and move some of the equipment out of the softer industrial markets, can you help us a bit -- we're trying to think about 2020 margin sensitivity to mix. Can you give us a little education on exactly how we should think about if the industrial markets start the year a little bit weaker, but construction a bit better? How to think about some of the geographic issues of equipment -- let's say equipments coming out of Texas and going to the Southeast? Can you just give us a little ladle in to how to think about the sensitivity to mix going into next year?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Dave. This is Matt. So first off, I think one of our opportunities, especially if we know it ahead of time, right? So if we feel comfortable that the work we're going to do throughout this quarter and our planning process for 2020, and the field validation and customer information that we're going gives us a better view. The sooner we can reposition stuff appropriate to where the opportunities are, the better the outcome's going to be. There will be some nuance not just between oil and gas and other markets, some nuance as to markets that bring higher returns than other or a different mix than other. But I think in the balance of a full year planning area, the most important part is getting the fleet in the right area so we can maximize the usage of that fleet and therefore, our fleet efficiency. So that's how we view it. Acknowledging there can be some moves. All that work will be done in detail from the ground up, and then reviewed top-down to get us ready for 2020 guidance in January.
David Raso: Would you say the fleet movement that occurred in the third quarter is the bulk of the moves you expect to make through the end of the year? I mean I'm just trying to get a read on how you view some of the industrial markets in '20 by the actions you're taking in '19. Is there still more to do? Or do you feel you've made all the moves already.
Matthew Flannery: I think by really probably midway through this quarter, but certainly by the end of fourth quarter, that answer will be a yes. To be fair to the question, oil and gas accelerated -- the downside of oil and gas accelerated faster than we thought in Q3. It's only 4% of our business now. Rig counts are down at the end of the -- as we sit here today, 17%. And our revenue's down 20%. So does that get worse? I don't know how far you can fall from this low level, but that will be the only wild card. And to be fair, that is what created our challenge here in the back half on movement and extra investment we need to make to pull that fleet out because it is a unique market. Other than that, our movements are usually just part of our regular business because we have those very fungible assets in such a broad, broad network. So long -- short answer, yes, understanding that oil and gas part to be the only variable. And I don't pretend to know where oil and gas is going, but I got to imagine it's pretty close to the bottom.
David Raso: And lastly, the fleet productivity, be it pro forma or year-over-year, however you want to think about it, report it. Can you help us a bit with just some sense of movement from the third quarter to fourth quarter? What we should generally expect? Does the fleet productivity improve on a year-over-year basis pro forma reported? Just if you can help us with some framing it?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. As we've discussed before, as much as I'd love to be able to predict this, just like we would love to predict rate and time that precisely. Those are the 2 biggest variables along with mix in these numbers. We're not trying to predict that. It's an output that we are utilizing to discuss what happened. And really not getting into -- even for the fourth quarter, forget about 2020. The predictability of it or our ability to forecast it, we still peg 1.5 point overall throughout the year is what we want to do and what we want to achieve because we want to achieve our inflation. That will change in some years and maybe our inflation will change in some years depending on what the macro is. But we're really using it as postmortem on how to explain how our revenue acted than a predictive metric, to be fair. So it's a long no, but I'm just trying to give you color on why.
David Raso: Yes. Not to push you to an exact number, but just the idea of the fleet will be bigger year-over-year in the fourth quarter than the implied revenue growth. And especially given used equipment sales will be up year-over-year in the fourth quarter, I'm just trying to make sure we don't get off the phone thinking that fleet productivity year-over-year degrades, deteriorates, from what we just saw, at least not materially, because it's sort of what's implied in the guide if we use the revenue midpoint. So I just wanted to give you the opportunity to address that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. No, I understand the viewpoint and the position there. As always, we'll do the obligatory don't anchor of the midpoint. But to be fair, we give you -- we create the midpoint for you. It really is a number that's going to move compared to where we end up within that pretty tight range that we gave you. So -- and part of that range, you will be very pleased with it. And if we end up in a different part of that range, maybe less pleased. But I would just say it is a way that we talk about the output and not to be predicted. So I get your point though. So thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius.
Robert Wertheimer: So I just wanted to ask about outside of oil and gas, it seems -- I mean, you guys have a really good insight to what's happening, sort of a finger on the pulse of the construction and other economy. And it seems like it's pretty good still. So I wonder if you could talk just a bit about how much visibility you have into next year. Not your forecast, but just like how far your customers -- you can see -- you can see some starts, you can see some cancellations, et cetera. And then just as a management team, how are you thinking about -- philosophically, the market's obviously very worried about recession and different things, or as you're seeing strong trends. How do you sort of think about balancing those to go into guidance?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Thanks, Rob. So as we're into the planning process, and we'll be doing reviews here and within the next 30 days, in detail at the field level, we'll -- a couple of data sets that we look at. In addition to everything that all of you have access to, our additional information, as we've said before, is our customer confidence index, which remains strong. I referred to that in my prepared remarks. Whereas we have still 60% of our customers survey believe next -- 2020 will be better than 2019. So admittedly, that subset is more large customers. So as we've said before, strategically why we focus on large customers is they're the ones that are going to do better in a slower growth environment. So yes, you could say if you want to jade that at all. But 97% of the customers say it will be flat to better. Only 3% of the customers are looking at their business as 2020 being down, so that's a good indicator for us.  We then need to test that with our field representatives, whether it be sales folks or the managers, in what they're seeing in their business in the competitive landscape, in a volume landscape, in a jobs landscape. So all that work will be done throughout Q4, and we'll inform what we guide to for 2020. And the industrial part, I mean, the other part of it I'd say is I think some of the headwinds we have absorbed internally in the first half of the year won't be there next year. So I think we'll be better prepared to position the fleet more accurately. We'll be more externally focused. So I'm looking forward to that after the team did a lot of work internally in the first half of this year and is moving past that.
Robert Wertheimer: That's helpful. You've outgrown the market for a number of years via acquisition and just your own investments. And then obviously, you're skewed towards the bigger customers that ought to outgrow the construction market. So in a flatter market, you would continue to expect to continue that trend?
Matthew Flannery: It's always our goal to outperform the end market, right? I mean, that is always our goal. We've got a lot of resources. We got a lot of breadth and depth. And we serve a lot of end markets. So for this quarter, for example, if we are overly reliant on oil and gas or a flattish industrial sector, this would have been a different outcome for us, right? We wouldn't have record revenue, record EBITDA. The fungibility of the assets and the diversification of the portfolio gives us a lot of confidence that we have the opportunity to outperform the end market, and that is our goal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: You guys are acknowledging that the demand in the industrial side is a little slower. I mean, you sold of some excess fleet. I'm just curious to hear. Why didn't you cut the gross CapEx guide again? And is it fair to say that you're more likely to trend towards the lower end of the gross CapEx guide as you finish out the year?
Matthew Flannery: No. Ross, I wouldn't say. I'll only answer the first part of your question, which is why. We had the opportunity to take some older assets that were at the end of their rental useful life, and sell them into a strong end market. And when we think about some of the stats that Jess reported in her prepared remarks, think about that used sales market still throwing up higher margin. We're still recovering $0.53 on the original OEC dollar per fleet that's over 86 months old. So over 7 years old. And we had the ability -- after cutting CapEx in July, we had the decision to make, do we cut further if we've got, let's say, a 100 million extra capacity. Or we take an opportunity to refresh the fleet. The other issue is we generate higher free cash flow. So there was no reason for us to cut the gross versus the net, and we think that positions our fleet better. As we've always said, we want to keep that fleet age at the appropriate time so when there is a downturn, we can age it, and that's part of our resiliency. So we view that as part of that strategy -- continuing that part of the strategy.
Ross Gilardi: And you went through this, a similar dynamic in the industrial recession a few years ago where you redeployed fleet out of the oil patch into some of these other markets, and you managed to pull it off. Can you give us a little more color as to where in terms of geography or end markets you are going to move that fleet? And what gives you confidence that you won't create an oversupply situation elsewhere in doing so?
Matthew Flannery: In the relative scale of our $15 billion of fleet, we're not going to move it. It's still a pretty small number, right? We're not going to move it to any end market that it's enough to overwhelm, right? I guess, we move all of it to one market. Technically, that could be. We're not doing that. We're moving it to the markets where nonres is strong. And to be fair, even close by, downstream's still strong. So just for clarity. We talked about industrial being choppy. They're not all down. Downstream is still a good part of our business. Upstream and midstream are negative. And the rest of them are just kind of a little bit up, a little bit down, leading to a flattish industrial overall end market. But that -- those in markets that we have and the customers that we can serve outside of those verticals is where we're moving that fleet.  And it's not a single enough, large enough number to any one of those verticals or geographies that's just going to create a supply glut in our opinion. I'd say the other difference between -- because I know a lot of people will tie this dialogue of oil and gas to back what happened between '14 and '15, right? When oil and gas was at a peak then, it was a much bigger part of our business. But even for the industry overall, that knock on impact of what happened with oil and gas in '15, of the infrastructure to build -- to help serve the area around it of improved -- or additional hotels, retail, right? Shopping centers, even schools, all that's built out already. That was not part of this oil and gas run the past couple of years. So therefore, you won't have the knock-on effect that you had back then. And that's the way we're viewing this. We're viewing this as a temporary issue that we had to work through, but nowhere near the impact that we had back in '15.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. And just lastly, how much momentum do you feel like you have in the tank for specialty in the next year? I mean, it's got 20% of your business. Still growing 10% organically. Does it feel sustainable even if nonres does have sort of a notch lower. And what are the areas you're most excited about in the specialty portfolio?
Matthew Flannery: We absolutely feel good it, and that team continues to generate not only good returns, but good growth. And I think fluid solution, right. Sometimes, it gets lost in the conversation of the bigger integration. Fluid solutions is a new go-to-market strategy where we had to integrate the Baker and the old pump team. And so they've worked through that in the past 12 months. I think they've got great opportunity to get externally focused and run with the ball a little faster. So we like the prospects.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tin Thein from Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Matt, you touched earlier on mix. And I wanted to see if you could give any sort of help in terms of, again, high-level of thoughts on rate for 2020. And specifically, if the remaining couple of months here played out with whatever normal sea patterns would suggest. What would that imply in terms of the rate carryover for '20?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, Tim, I wish I could help you. We're committed to not giving that level of detail. The way that we're going to talk about rate, time and mix in the future is exactly how we're talking about it this quarter. We're going to give it in arrears. We're going to give it all in year-over-year. And we're going to talk about in fleet productivity, and we'll give you that numerical value. And then what we're going to do qualitatively is say, "As we did this quarter, rate's a good guy. Mix has been a good guy overcoming some headwinds that we've had in time utilization." As we look forward, I mean, the mix of those 3 will be impacted by the demand environment certainly, right, all 3 of them, and our decisions on where we invest our capital and what our customers rent. So that's how we look at it. So I want to stay true to that. We want to stay true to that, because we think isolating any one of them belies the interaction between the 3 of them in our business going forward. And that's really why we made the change. Our business has changed. If this was back 2006, it was very simple. We knew our fleet mix have changed much, and it was a direct correlation. The interplay of the 3 is much more relevant for today, which is why we made the pivot.
Timothy Thein: Okay. And I guess old habits die hard, I guess. But maybe just a second one was coming back to I think you said your nonres -- or just maybe it was construction in total, up almost 9% in a backdrop where depending on what statistics you're using, I mean, there's not much by way of overall construction spending growth. So just curious in terms of -- I mean, this whole notion of outgrowth and kind of the magnitude, is that -- basically what's contributing to that? Is it pretty big number, and I don't know if that's -- is there any tangible share -- or not share, but kind of penetration gains you think are contributing to that? Or maybe just touch on that in terms of if we are in an environment where nonres spending is flat to maybe up a little bit next year, just what sort of outgrowth could we potentially be looking at?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. So first of all, I think it's a little bit of share gain, right? And when we think about the bigs getting bigger, which is something we've talked about, I mean, it's why the consolidation plays work. We think the opportunity of that density and diversity gives you the opportunity to over-index in places that are growing, and therefore, dampen the impact or mitigate the impact to places that aren't. So that's the overarching reason why we think we can swim upstream so to speak in different end markets, and we continue to feel that way. I would say that every time we look in arrears or what some of the end market data says, it's maybe too self-serving to say we outperform it. So maybe sometimes, they're just wrong. But at the end of the day, the macro data is a good framing for us to look at. But that deep dive on what our customers are telling us and their backlogs are, and what our managers and sales teams are telling us of the work that they foresee needing to serve is our single largest barometer to how we're able to build the plan. I'm not saying we're going to over perform by 30% of what the end market forecast say because they're just not reliable enough to build business plan around that. So we're going to do all that hard work, as I said, throughout Q4, throughout our planning process, and I'll inform where we guide for 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about the demand cadence over the course of the quarter. Your fleet in the quarter grew about 3%, which is 1 point better than normal seasonality. So it looks like you're able to put more equipment to work this third quarter sequentially compared to normal seasonality. Can you comment on that? Is that what's playing out in the field? And it looks like by the improvement in fleet productivity, I would imagine utilization improved at least in line with normal seasonality in the quarter. Can you just comment on that, because in the prepared remarks, you spoke about oil and gas headwinds, et cetera. But you folks were able to pool a lot of the equipment work this quarter, and I'm just trying to square up those 2 points.
Matthew Flannery: I really just think it was that level of demand in our core end markets and with our key customers. And frankly, we would have liked than done a lot better. And had we not done some of that choppiness, that's why we pointed to it, we -- when you look at the year and break it in 2 halves, we talked in July about the internal focus maybe not getting that build that we wanted in the first half. When you look at the back half of the year, we're pretty dead on as to what our original thoughts for how much OEC on rent fleet you build in the back half. Our hope was that we backfill some of that hole. And as we got into some of the end markets not giving us that, specifically oil and gas, midstream; and maybe flattish, let's say, manufacturing down a little bit, we just didn't get that opportunity in some of those to offset what the team did do by backfilling the hole in a lot of the nonres markets. And that's the way to look at it. So I'd say the demand trend was, back-half, probably as expected originally. Would have -- the progress, I wish we'd done better. I wish we could have backfilled that hole a little bit more. And therefore, we would've drove a little bit more volume. We're talking on 1% area so we're talking on the margins here. When you look about year-over-year, what we reported in January versus what we did here. But I think demand allowed us to have that growth throughout Q3.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And Matt, earlier in the discussion, you spoke about how pricing played out in the oil and gas downturn and the fact it's a smaller equipment sized market today. Can you just expand on other differences you see in the market. So talk about the impact of data availability we're hearing from construction equipment dealers with rental fleets, that the supply demand data has been really helpful? Are you seeing that in your market in terms of better ability to match the supply with demand for the industry. Because the concern is, in the last cycle, utilization moved down, and then pricing moved down. And I just want to make sure we ask the question of what's playing out. They're pooling in mid cycles. So I'm wondering if you can expand on any other drivers there.
Matthew Flannery: Sure. First and foremost, I think the discipline at the industry -- and we've been talking about this for a few. I think the discipline in the industry is showing, in the last 10 years of my career compared to the first 18 years of my career, is night and day, right? So that's #1. And I think data has been a big help on that and I think history has been a teacher on that too, right, going through '09, and that's scar tissue. I think you can't underestimate the impact that may have had on folks being much more responsible for that. There will be times throughout any cycle where it will get ahead and pull back. And I think the industry overall is responding appropriately. But to be clear, I also don't think the end of demand is here. So we have the opportunity to continue to complete the work. I think our actions of consolidating capacity to drive growth as opposed to just adding capacity to drive growth is a significant difference, right, when you think about last 10 years. I think some of our competitors are doing the same. I think that's good news. So I think when you think about all those issues, the availability, right, that those of us, which is about half the industry now, get from the Rouse information, is helpful. Technology in general, the professionalization of the industry, which consolidates and help bring having analytics, having data as a resource to think through investments and timing. All those are part of why I think we'll see a better -- why we've been seeing a better outcome in supply demand.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And lastly, on the cold-starts within specialty. Can you just talk about what the learning curve has been as you've ramped up the cold-starts over the course of this year? And as you look at the opportunity in terms of the potential new locations over the next couple of years, what that opportunity set for expanded cold-starts looks like on a multi-year basis based on everything we've learned with the rollout this year?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Not terribly different than what we've been doing, right? So we don't really communicate it that way. The year 1, the year 2, the year 3 communication. That's not our -- that's not the way we do it. And mostly because many of our cold-starts are growing on the border of another one. So there's a lot of efficiency that's built-in when 1 store doesn't -- especially in our specialty network. As we build it out, that network doesn't have to travel out as far as to serve the market. We could be more responsive. We get growth out of that. But then we also get better value in the existing store that's no longer going there. So there's a couple of different calls to look at it. I think we're going to have a specialty day that maybe we could talk about that, and Paul will leaving that in more detail, that, that would be more helpful as opposed to trying to get to that level of specificity on this call. But you know what, we'll follow-up with Ted, make sure that we get that on your calendar. I think that would be a great opportunity to learn about how specialty cold-starts, especially growth, play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just a follow-up on Ross' question. Just really, if you could characterize how tight are the markets from a supply/demand basis in those construction areas where you see the better opportunities to move fleet. To what extent are you seeing others sending equipment into those same places at the moment?
Matthew Flannery: I wouldn't say less or more competitive than they've been, right? So I'd say -- we're not seeing an extra competitiveness, and we're not seeing any easy roads either, right? We have to earn our customer's business every day. I would say that there's only a few companies, and this is why I think the bigs are getting bigger. There's only a few companies that have that flexibility and fungibility to do that. So it's not the whole market. It's only a subset of the market that can make those pivots in a quarter-to-quarter or within an annual cycle because other companies that don't have stores, they aren't -- they're just not going to have the ability to go ramp-up and open up an x location because all of a sudden, there seems to be better opportunity there than where they reside. They may do it on the fringes, right? They may travel a little further. But that's a little bit different than the broader footprints that a couple of companies in the industry have. So I think that's a big differentiation and why you're not seeing a rush to any individual market, quite frankly. I hope that answers your question.
Steven Fisher: Yes. That's helpful. And then any change you can give us some color on how the fleet productivity metric trended over the course of the quarter. Did your upside to the 1.5% target, did that outcome more later in the quarter or kind of stay throughout?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, no. We're not pulling -- actually, we don't even calculate it that way. But we're not pulling that apart that way. This is a quarter and year-over-year result that we look out and prep for earnings to help communicate what happened in the quarter, but not sequentially or not trying to use it as a trend line or anything like that. So no, I don't have that color for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.
Joseph O'Dea: Can you quantify how much fleet you've taken out of the oil patch? And then Jess, I think you touched on this but just to confirm, what the related repositioning and repair costs are that are attached to that.
Jessica Graziano: So I'll start there, Joe. So we called out about $12 million of cost that we incurred this quarter. Going forward into Q4, we think it will be something less than that as we do have a little bit to work through, but something less. I don't have a number right now, but--
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And when you think about the fleet, it's a portion of, and it will be in Q4, say, 1% or 4% of your business, right? So somewhere in the $100 million range, let's say we moved about half of it out of there, we got another half to go, depending on how it turns. That could accelerate or decelerate if we get in different news there, but it's in that realm of impact from an OEC perspective.
Steven Fisher: And then just the related kind of EBITDA bridge sequentially, you're implying margin's up. Seasonally, they're typically down 3Q to 4Q. You're still going to have some of these carryover costs. Just any other factors to consider as we move from 3Q to 4Q EBITDA margins and see that improvement.
Jessica Graziano: So there will be the impact -- in addition to the acquisition impact, there will be the impact of the flow-through margin of -- as I mentioned, we'll have a little bit higher used sales, and so that's going to come in at a lower margin than the rental would. The other caution, and I know Matt mentioned it earlier, but I will caution against using the midpoint.
Joseph O'Dea: Yes. I think whether you use the low end, high end or midpoint, it's implying a 48.8% EBITDA margin in 4Q versus 48.5% in Q3. And so I was just curious about what some of the good guys are in terms of the sequential move.
Jessica Graziano: Yes. The two drivers are the ones that we mentioned. The BlueLine impact, which we'll anniversary that on November 1. And then the -- that shift, that mixed shift between used and rental.
Joseph O'Dea: Okay. And then Matt, just on replacement CapEx. As you do a little bit more this year, does that mean that you're positioned to do a little bit less next year? And then just bigger picture, as you think about the backdrop of the market, are you seeing anything that's leading you to think we're gonna pause a little bit on some of this replacement spend?
Matthew Flannery: No. I wouldn't -- definitely, we're not planning on doing any less, right? The used sales end market, as we've talked about, are still strong. We still want to keep that fleet age as fresh as we can as we're still in a growth cycle. So I wouldn't -- I would say if anything, we plan to be maybe 5%, even 10% more.
Jessica Graziano: For the replacement.
Matthew Flannery: For replacement in 2020. So that's the way we're thinking about it. If the market changes, if the outputs, right, change, which we're not seeing even as recently as the last month. The used sales channels are still good, and we're going to utilize them to keep the fleet freshened a little bit. And what we did here in Q3, it's a good way to re-profile, too, right? So as you try and continue to get your mix right, you could sell off some of the older assets and use those funds as a net -- in net CapEx to help re-profile your fleet versus only using growth, which is a much smaller number to re-profile.
Jessica Graziano: So Joe, to be a little bit helpful. One step further, we're still pulling the plan together so obviously, we're still landing on what we think the growth capital could be for next year. But as far as the replacement, as Matt mentioned, that will be up next year. And if you think about something in the neighborhood of selling kind of $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion at OEC inflation-adjusted, that's going to look like something, call it, $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just wanted to go back just on the comment about the $12 million of cost incurred. Was that $12 million incremental? Or kind of what was that versus your baseline expectation for fleet repair and maintenance? And then I think you had called out in the press release increases of 27% and 19% for repair and maintenance versus delivery. So just wanted to understand if that was included in that number. And then if you could also just help us understand for the gen rent gross margin impact, how much was in gen rent versus specialty?
Jessica Graziano: Sure. So Courtney, it's Jess. So from the -- for that $12 million, that was incremental for the quarter in terms of isolating what we leaned into to repair and reposition the fleet. Some of that excess fleet that Matt talked about and getting that into strong end markets. As far as what you're seeing as the increase is R&M versus delivery, the mix impact of that is we saw a little bit more of the repair and maintenance and delivery cost in the -- together in the gen rent segment. There was a bit more on the repair and maintenance side on the Specialty segment, a little less delivery. So that's the dynamic there.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Got you. And then can you help us understand when you do the repair and maintenance for something like this, does it extend the fleet age? Do you consider it getting reset at all? But how do we think about how much this kind of extends the fleet age?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. There's no real extension of the fleet age per se. It's just making sure that it's in rent-ready mode to get into those markets. We did spend a little bit more on some of the repair of the fleet that came out of the oil patch because that's going to be kind of worn down a little bit more than across some of the other end markets. So there's a lean into the repair and maintenance as a result of that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes. And we don't account for it in any way if capitalizing or extending or anything like that either. So that's the difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital.
Seth Weber: Most of the questions have been asked. But just on the $50 million-or-so of fleet that was moved and the $100 million that may be in aggregate, is most of that -- is it fair to assume that most of that is gen rent versus specialty? And can you just talk about what you're seeing in the specialty side in some of these oil and gas markets?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Certainly most, but there's some pump in gen sets that we have some work there, as you know, in the specialty. But I would say it's primarily gen rent, say 70 -- you want to just -- we don't have it. I don't have it broken down for you here. But we can maybe give you that data. But primarily gen rent. Think about our fleet overall, and it follows fleet profile.
Seth Weber: Yes, no. I mean, just some of this specialty is just harder to move, obviously, so I was just trying to get an understanding. I think in -- during the last downturn, you gave us a number that's something like 80% of the revenue from -- in Texas was from nonenergy stuff. Is that still kind of a good framework to use? So I know the energy business -- the upstream business is smaller today than it was back in 5 years ago. So is it -- maybe is it less than 20% of your business in Texas at this point?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. I actually don't have that answer for you. I think we've talked about it in whole. I actually don't recall. I've been here a while. I just can't remember. I was talking about it as far as what percentage of the Texas business as a whole. Somebody must have slipped that by me, because I would certainly stop that conversation just from a competitive perspective. But I actually don't recall that number.
Seth Weber: Okay. Fair enough. And then just given the potential for caution around the macro. Clearly, it's not manifesting yet, but just on the broader macro on the construction business, et cetera. Are you thinking about changing your cadence of discussions with the OEMs? This is kind of around the time of year you would start to plan for 2020. Your discussions with the OEMs. I mean, are you thinking about maybe going a little bit more slowly this year versus prior years?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, no. I think we'll keep the spend pretty successful for us. I think we'll keep that similar cadence. I think it helps them, right? And it helps us. So we make sure we understand what pipe -- once we build the plan, we understand what pipeline we think we need, with flexibility, right, which we always have, as you know. And we try to be reasonable. We don't overuse that flexibility for no value. And it gives them the opportunity to build in their plant. And we need good suppliers. So we need them to get their supply chain in order. So it's a partnership. And I think the way we've been doing it, we're comfortable with the outputs, and we're going to stay on cadence.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott from Stifel.
Stanley Elliott: A quick question back on the outgrowth piece. How much of that is -- well, when you look across the portfolio in international account profile, are you over-indexed, under-indexed to any verticals necessarily? Or is it pretty much consistent with the rest of the portfolio?
Matthew Flannery: From an asset cap perspective?
Stanley Elliott: Yes.
Matthew Flannery: I wouldn't say over-indexed. Is there a percentage points of movement in certain verticals that's more primarily -- and I would segregate it as key accounts not just National Accounts. As we've talked to you all before, our National Accounts use our national footprint. But we have strategic accounts and key accounts that are equally as important, just use maybe regional marketplaces, right? So I would say the combination of those is -- no, I wouldn't call them heavily more influenced by any specific vertical. I think that's a pretty broad portfolio as well.
Stanley Elliott: Yes. No, I appreciate that. I was just curious about the 9% construction growth, which is much better than what we're seeing. And then Jess, thanks for the slide on the free cash flow conversion. Anything or any reason out of the ordinary why those numbers shouldn't carry forward as we look into 2020 and beyond?
Jessica Graziano: So we're still planning 2020, which includes what we believe our view of free cash flow is going to be, not just from an operating perspective, but also taxes and interest and some of the other lines. So that's still to come, Stanley. What I will tell you is we are planning for another robust year of free cash flow. Exactly how much, I don't know yet. But it will be robust.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from our Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Matt, you covered in the beginning in the prepared remarks, a bid on the integration in BlueLine. But that was a bit of a hiccup last quarter. So just looking for a second, what were some of the actions that were taken this summer to enhance that integration process? And maybe some lessons learned since obviously URI is well experienced an acquisition integration. But what were some things that you took out at that process and would apply going forward?
Matthew Flannery: Great question, Scott. So we do have a robust playbook, and it's -- every deal makes it better. And that's one of, what I think the values of learning, that gives us. And I want to focus specifically on BlueLine, because the real thing that we learned is BlueLine was the third deal in many markets in 18 months. It was the first deal, and we've been talking about a different deal that had the challenges, and it would probably still be third deal. So that's the part of it. And if I had to do it all over again, I'd spend much more time making sure the external portion of it, that customer outreach, was -- which we haven't had to spend extra energy on in the past. So that's something in this deal. Whether it was just because it was the third, which I think plays a lot, or whether it was the largest of the 3. I don't even care which 1 of those of the two it is because I don't really know, but that's what I would change.  We would learn -- we would have a much stronger external focus on the front-end of it versus what is a very aggressive internal focus as we get everybody on the same system in 9 days and try to get all the brands consolidations done. So we're working as 1 unit and people know what they're doing in the first 3 months. So we got to bounce that aggressiveness internally with equal aggressiveness externally. That would be my learning and I think what we'd integrate into the playbook. The good news is I don't think we're going to -- I don't think there's 3 big deals to get done in a row again in the near-term. So I don't think that, that's parts going to be an issue. But the external focus is a good learning.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that. And here at the end of the call, I guess a question I can't help but ask. You are generating a lot of cash a lot of flexibility there. And there's been a lot of talk this year more than in years past of M&A in the specialty rental space. So as we head into next year and everything you've been working on to integrate will now be in the rearview mirror having anniversary-ed, just could you address the use of capital again. I know, Jess, you have the new lower leverage objective. But just please put that in perspective for us here at this part of the year.
Matthew Flannery: I think you hit on it. As we've been saying, that our lean, at a time where we're a little more focused on absorbing and leveraging, we still look at deals. We are still on a pipeline that we do work on. But the lean would be more on additional products and services customers versus our overlapping products and services. And the second would be filling out any gaps in distribution and footprint. So by definition, that leans towards specialty. And on top of that, they're good return business. The 3 criteria of cultural, strategic and then financial still needs to be met, and that's a high bar for us. So -- but there's deals out there, and we'll see. If any of them meet those 3 deals, we have a flexibility. Jess and the team have given us the balance sheet and the flexibility that we could still do stuff that's accretive to the business. But we certainly also have the opportunity to absorb and leverage what we bought. So it's that balance right now, with a lean towards specialty.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Matthew Flannery: Great. And thank you, operator. And everyone, thanks for joining us. And just a reminder that our Q3 investor deck is available online. As always, you can reach out to Ted with questions in Stamford. And we look forward to have a great holiday season, and we look forward to talking to you all in the New Year and sharing our thoughts on 2020. And looking forward to that. Be safe and thanks for joining. Operator, you can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded.  Before we begin, note that the Company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Company's press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys press release and todays call include references to non-GAAP terms such as free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Matt Flannery, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Flannery. Mr. Flannery, you may begin.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, Jonathan, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Today were taking stack of 2019 at the half way point and giving you our thoughts on the balance of the year. And Ill start with the quarter and then Jess will cover the results, and well spend the rest of the call on Q&A. We turned in a solid performance in the second quarter at both the top and the bottom lines. This included total revenue growth of 21% compared with Q2 of last year and over a $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA up more than 18%. Our pro forma margin for adjusted EBITDA was up 40 basis points and our EPS was 23% higher than a year ago.  These metrics underscore the upside of the cycle and the earning power of our largest service offering. Fleet productivity was bolstered by the strength of rate and mix but [dampened] by softer time utilization. This was partly due to a temporary drag from the BlueLine integration. Its our largest acquisition in nearly a decade. And while the overall integration is going well, its taking a little longer than we expected.  As a result we havent been absorbing the fleet and the impacted markets as just quickly as wed like, and well talk more about this later. Other areas of BlueLine such as cost synergies are coming along as expected. And most importantly, the teams are working really well together. BlueLine is an excellent strategic move for us, one that will drive profitable growth and attractive returns for many years to come. We gained great people and increased our capacity in key geographies. And well update you on the integration progress again in October.  The other short-term headwind we had throughout the quarter was project delays. Long stretches of heavy rainfall caused a number of large starts to be pushed later but we havent seen any cancellations. The delays were more about customers waiting out for bad weather before moving ahead. What were not seeing, I'm happy to say, are any indications that demand has fallen.  Non-residential construction a core end market for us continues to be strong and our regions broadly sight infrastructure and power as major opportunities. Our sales teams are focused on the infrastructure vertical for several years now. In addition to a positive trajectory, the nature of infrastructure makes it right for cross-selling or generate end specialty products. Were making good in-roads there.  Ill share a few additional insights from our regions. Demand on both coasts continued to trend up in Q2 as it has for the past several years. Business hubs like the Carolinas were also strong with online retailers building large distribution centers. Out West, the momentum is being driven by data centers and infrastructure, especially transportation and power is another tailwind.  The worst of the weather seems to be behind us in the hard hit areas. We expect large projects to start back up in the Central U.S., the Gulf, the Southeast the Mid-Atlantic and it is important to note that the customers remain broadly optimistic about their business regardless of geography.  Turning to specialty. Our Trench, Power and Fluid Solutions segment continues to deliver robust growth. In the second quarter, the segment generated a 45% increase in rental revenue versus a year ago, and this includes organic growth of almost 13%. And embedded in our specialty growth is significant contribution from cross-selling, which is a way to strengthen our customer relationships. It also moves the needle higher on returns. Customers want a partner capable of solving multiple challenges on a job site and our ability to provide a full range of solutions is a competitive advantage for us. As weve discussed in the past, specialty is also key to our commitment to drive superior returns for our investors. It warrants ongoing investment in acquisitions, new equipment technologies and cold starts. Year-to-date through June, we have opened 24 specialty cold starts, bringing that networks total to 351 locations and we're tracking just over 30 cold starts by December, which is an increase over our original forecast. Another area where we are forging ahead is safety. Three months ago, I told you all that, our recordable through March was well below 1. Some companies would be thrilled with that rate, but we've improved it again through June and turned it in the 18th straight quarter with a recordable rate below 1, and that's particularly impressive when you realize the team improved their safety performance during the seasonal surge, while serving customers and working through multiple integrations at the same time. Its an indicator that the cultural part of our integration of our acquisitions is progressing faster than anticipated. And I attribute this to the caliber of our employees and the quality of our training. Turning to our guidance. As you saw yesterday, we trimmed the top end of our ranges for total revenue and adjusted EBITDA. This accounts for the two impacts I mentioned, the pace of the BlueLine integration and the weather delays. We also made good on our promise to exercise disciplined capital allocation. Our branches have an opportunity to improve the utilization of the fleet they have in hand. So, we lowered the cost of the CapEx range by $150 million. The biggest take away from the guidance is that we remain confident that our full-year total revenue and adjusted EBITDA will fall within the ranges we set back to January. So to sum it up, our view on the cycle remains intact. The macro is healthy and the end markets are strong. We delivered solid growth in the second quarter, which kept us on track with our outlook for the full year and we have plenty of runway to capitalize on growth opportunities. At the same time, we're continuing to position the business for enduring value creation. That's the best way to reward our investors for their confidence in United Rentals by balancing short and long-term growth within the framework of our strategy. We know how to manage the business to achieve this balance and in 2019 we'll continue to deliver. So now, I'll ask Jess to cover the numbers and then we'll go right to your questions. Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks Matt and good morning everyone. Before I jump into the numbers, on a high level, let me reiterate what Matt said. We have delivered a solid quarter behind a strong market. The team did a great job staying focused on our customers as we managed through some weather delays and as we continue to work through multiple integrations. We're well positioned heading into the back half of the year.  As with past quarters, while I'll walk you through our as reported results, I'll pivot at times to speak to our performance on a pro forma basis, which includes BlueLine and Baker. So, let's get into Q2 results. Rental revenue on an as reported basis grew 20% or $329 million to just shy of $2 billion. The increase was primarily related to the impact of both BlueLine and Baker. On a pro forma basis, rental revenue was up in line with our plan at 4.8% for the quarter.  As reported OER growth contributed about $262 million of the rental revenue increase. Ancillary added $59 million and re-rent added about 8. The OER growth of 19% is comprised of growth in our fleet of 23.2% or about $326 million of additional revenue. We have the usual headwind of fleet inflation at 1.5%, or $21 million, and fleet productivity on an as reported basis was also an expected headwind, down 3.1% or $43 million.  Now, as you consider the quarter's revenue results, I think it's more helpful to consider fleet productivity on a pro forma basis, which was up about 70 basis points. That came from strong rate and positive mix offset by softer time view. As Matt mentioned, we're still working through some fleet absorption, which was the biggest drag on time views in the quarter, but the team maintained discipline with a focus on profitable growth through the quarter.  Now while we're talking about fleet productivity, just a reminder that this is the last quarter we will be giving discrete quarterly rate, time and mix details consistent with our previous methodology as a transition to fleet productivity. And you can see all that detail plus calculations supporting fleet productivity on pages 36 through 40 of our investor presentation, which is posted on the website.  Taking a look at used sales, used sales revenue was about just over 25% or $40 million year-over-year. The used sales environment continues to be strong. When we look versus the second quarter last year, used pricing at retail is up about 2.5%, with used sales as a percentage of OEC a robust 58%. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 49.2%, down from 51.6. That's largely due to the mix of equipment we sold in the quarter.  Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.073 billion, an increase of $166 million or 18% versus prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 46.9%, which is down 110 basis points year-over-year, due mainly to the impact of bringing in BlueLine and Baker. Out more importantly, on a pro forma basis our adjusted EBITDA margin improved a solid 40 basis points. There's a bridge on the as reported changes.  The improvement in OER added about $150 million. Better ancillary contributed $25 million and we got $4 million more from re-rent. Used sales added about $15 million to adjusted EBITDA. SG&A expenses were a headwind of about $41 million, and that's mostly due to adding the BlueLine and Baker cost basis, net of synergies. That leaves about $13 million of adjusted EBITDA benefit in the quarter, which is primarily coming from better performance in our other lines of business.  Adjusted EBITDA flow through was right around 60% for the core business, now let me break that down. As reported adjusted EBITDA flow through is 42%. On a pro forma basis, adjusting for BlueLine and Baker in the year ago period, flow through was about 53%. Add to that the impact of Western One and Thompson Pump smaller acquisitions that are not in our pro forma results and you get a flow through of about 65%. To isolate the core from there I will also exclude the impact of new and used sales as well as the benefit from acquisition synergies. That leaves you with a flow through of right around 60% for the core business and points to stronger cost performance for the quarter and Im happy to give a shout out for the field for keeping excellent focus on costs.  As for adjusted EPS a robust $4.74 in the quarter compared with $3.85 in Q2 of 18. Thats an increase of 23% primarily from better operating performance across the business including the contribution of our recent acquisitions. Adjusted EPS also was helped this quarter from some discrete tax benefits and lower shares outstanding.  Lets move to CapEx and free cash flow. Through the first half of the year weve brought in just over $1.1 billion in growth CapEx with $872 million of that having come in during Q2.  As youve seen in our guidance update we expect to trim our original plan for CapEx by about a $150 million at the high end so we expect to come in between $2.05 billion and $2.15 billion for the year which compares to $2.1 billion in 2018.  Free cash flow generated through the first six months of the year is very strong up 11% to $796 million. And just to be clear that number excludes about $16 million in merger and restructuring payments. So we are on track to deliver our full year expectation which weve increased in our guidance update. As a reminder were now forecasting $1.4 billion to $1.55 billion of free cash flow which compares to a little over $1.3 billion last year.  Our ROIC for the quarter also strong 10.8% which meaningfully exceeded our weighted average cost of capital. Year-over-year tax adjusted ROIC was down 30 basis points. That expected decline is primarily impacted by the timing drag from our acquisitions. Thats going to moderate as we get their operations more fully integrated and synergies from the deals fully realized.  Taking a look at the balance sheet, net debt at June 30 was $11.7 billion. Thats an increase of about $2.8 billion year-over-year related to the financing of BlueLine and Baker. Our total liquidity at June 30th was a very healthy $2.15 billion comprised mainly of ABL capacity. Leverage at the end of the quarter was 2.8 times. Thats down 10 basis points versus where we were at the end of the first quarter and we continue to work towards ending the year around 2.5 times.  As a reminder, earlier in the quarter we communicated a lower target leverage range for the company which is now 2 to 3 times net debt to adjusted EBITDA. And finally heres a quick update on our share repurchase program. We purchased $210 million of stock in the second quarter on our current $1.25 billion program which puts us at $840 million purchase to-date. We still expect to complete this program by year end.  Ill also note that our total share count at the end of the second quarter was down about 7% year-over-year. When we look at the business pro forma were pleased to have delivered a quarter of solid growth and better margins as well as robust free cash flow and strong returns. The integrations are progressing well albeit a little slower than expected and the team did a great job managing through historically bad weather. Most importantly the operating environment remains healthy and our customer confidence measures are positive going into the back half of the year.  So why the change to guidance? With six months behind us, we would typically look to refine our initial ranges at this point in the year. As we model the impact of what was a slower fleet build than we originally expected in Q2 and we assess our fleet productivity for the rest of the year, the right thing to do was to pullback a little on the growth CapEx. Thats exercising the capital discipline you expect from us. As you take that through the P&L, the highest part of our revenue and adjusted EBITDA ranges are likely out of play and we want to be clear about what we believe we can reasonably deliver for the year. We're making a modest trend that still has our full year coming in well within our original guidance. And these changes will result and are delivering higher free cash flow than originally expected. Now, let's move on to your questions. Jonathan, will you please open the line?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the David Raso from Evercore ISI. You question please?
David Raso: Given the quarter at the end, appear to be a little lighter than you thought due to the integration and/or weather. Can you give us some feel how the quarter starting -- the amount that you tweak the EBITDA down doesn't seem to be extrapolating much of the second quarter disappointment into the back half. So can you maybe just update us on what you're seeing and also obviously the ramifications of the CapEx coming down as well on how you're viewing your metrics for the rest of the year?
Matt Flannery : David, this is Matt. How are you doing? As you know, we don't give inter-quarter guidance and even though it may be in our favor at some times, we still try to keep that. All I would say is, we are very thoughtful and confident about the guidance that we gave here and here we are a couple of weeks into the quarter. So, you can extrapolate from that what you think. More importantly, the disruption that we did see, primarily not getting the builds we expected at the end of the quarter in June, we have identified the opportunities to remediate, to repair that. And the change in guidance as Jess said, is really a reflection of where we're starting the second half with the OEC on rent as opposed to any kind of change in the way that we review in the back half of the year. And hopefully that answers your question.
David Raso : Well, thats I'm trying to getting comfortable with, if the guidance reduction is sort of second quarter related like sort of what happened during 2Q, but not much change in how you think of the rest of the year, what are the actions to make us comfortable with that? Is that because some projects that were clearly pushed from 2Q are now showing up in 3Q or something the impact of reduced fleet that you're going to bring to different territories? Just to put more color of why we think this is a second quarter isolated just a $25 million EBITDA hit at the midpoint?
Matt Flannery : Sure. There is a couple of things that we have done. So first half in the markets that were impacted and we talk a little bit -- we took a look at data and we realized that there were some third of markets that has multiple integrations they have been working over the last couple of years. So, what that means to us, there is a lot internal focus where you are re-aligning territories, merging branches, making sure you're protecting the revenue that you acquired which you think done a great job of. We are a little less externally focused on driving new opportunities, new revenue. So, we've repaired that in those markets where that is an issue. We have set the specialty team who continues to show robust growth, more capital and there has been some markets within -- whether they are integration related or not, impact or not, that have been showing solid growth. So, we shifted the capital a little bit. Overall, we had 13 of our 15 -- even within these headwinds we had 13 of our 15 regions -- geographic regions show positive growth in Q2. So this was more of maybe our expectations of how quickly we were going to move through the fleet, weren't set right or maybe we executed a little softer than we wanted. Either way the remediation is what I'm talking about and what we're focused on. And we feel good that our sales pipelines, the fleet sizes and the appropriate markets are where they need to be for us to deliver the second half.
David Raso : Are the branch closures related to the acquisitions now behind us, are the things in sales territory and account coverage done. We're just trying to get a sense of you now are facing your busiest season coming up, historically running all the way through October. And we're just trying to get comfortable with the integrations is behind us. And of course, Baker Corp anniversaries this quarter, I mean, third quarter, and BlueLine in the fourth quarter. So we get the mathematical benefits, but operationally, is what we're trying to getting comfort with what is actually truly behind us and done, and what is still left to be done? 
Matt Flannery: Great. structural changes are all done. Sell territories are all done. Customer merges, organizations are all done. So all the structural work is done. Now it's just turning the focus at, how good were focused after doing all that heavy lifting. And so all -- there's no more distractions. Team is on-board, projects are starting up where we expected to start up and that's what gives us the confidence for this time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question, please.
Ross Gilardi : Matt, do you have a sense as to how the year-on-year change in your timing would compare to the rest of the industry? And kind of along with that, has the narrative changed at all defending price versus raising price through the seasonally strong period of the year?
Matt Flannery: Yes, I don't want to comment on competitors numbers. But you could imagine, I think one reported in April, they were down 1 percentage point. You could imagine the project delays had some temporary impact on utilization for some companies, if they were operating in those impacted areas. So I would expect that, I don't know it for certain. What I can say is if it was extreme, or if it was something that was a bigger concern, we would not have been able -- I don't feel we would have been able to achieve that rate of improvement that we did. And I don't think the industry's rates would be showing up for our rental that we had. It looks like the industry is doing a good job of managing rates. So maybe a little bit wrong. I just don't -- I don't have the details to speak to it. 
Ross Gilardi : And then can you elaborate a little bit on the used pricing up 2.5% at retail? I mean, there's been a lot of anecdotal commentary on what's happening with used and analyzing the used market from afar, it can be tricky, because you never know if you're looking truly at apples-to-apples. But that seems a little bit better than the overall perception of the market. Can you comment at all like how that's actually been trending over the last several quarters and give any granularity on that earthmoving versus aerials? Any additional color would be helpful?
Matt Flannery: Sure, as you know, a largest proportion of -- extremely large portion of our fleet will be aerial related right, and we sports in that category, where we're over 50%. So that's a good part of our used sales. Pricing held up very strong there. I think the only place where you heard any dampen is surprising at auctions, which is not a channel we utilize, was on some of the large [share]. I don't know what drove that but that didn't impact us whatsoever. We're seeing across the board, that 2.5% that Jess quoted, remember is like-assets to like-asset and we see it as a very robust used sales of end market and we think that points to the demand that we still see in the market place. I think our channel mix gives us an advantage over maybe others in the industry where were very focused on retail and that certainly gives us a higher margin achievement. 
Ross Gilardi : Got it and then the 13 of the 15 regions are up, can you comment on which regions werent up, I mean how big a drag they are and whether or not you think that was just truly weather and if those were positive?
Matt Flannery : Sure the regions where we had -- where we didnt get the growth and they didnt fall off quickly, they just didnt get year-over-year growth, were impacted by both weather and integration. So think about the Gulf States down there where we had a lot of concentration of acquisitions over the past couple of years and they really acted hard with weather.  I think their job starts should look good, there is still a lot of work on the books. We didnt -- as I pointed to you in my comments we didnt see or hear cancellations which that would be a different vibe for us if we were hearing that, we didnt see that. So I think those folks are drying out and theyll get back on track for the back half of the year. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please. 
Steven Fisher: So investors always get more confidence when they see some of your key metrics going in the right direction. So I guess do you think the conditions in your market and your strategy will be supportive of an improvement in fleet productivity in the second half of the year? And is there any sort of directional color you can give us on some of the key underlying components?
Matt Flannery : Sure Steven. Yes we absolutely feel that fleet productivity will get that to over 1.5 in the third quarter thats what our expectation is, thats what were driving to. When I look at components of fleet productivity as weve always said rate and time are always going to be big drivers. Rate was a good guy this quarter and we feel really good about the rate performance. Mix was as expected. And it was -- we have probably spent a lot of our time both in our prepared remarks and here on the call talking about the time view and we feel once we get that in order well see the fleet productivity that wed like to target. 
Steven Fisher: And wondering if you could just talk a little bit maybe about AWP, specifically supply demand, it sounded like maybe you had some concerns about the maximum capacity in terms of places. Can you just talk a little bit more about whats going on with that product line? How extensive is any overcapacity and how do you think that plays out in the second half of the year?
Matt Flannery : Yes were not concerned about AWP overcapacity in the market broadly overall. When you think about where were not absorbing the BlueLine fleet as fast as we want in the few of those impacted markets, you can imagine the fleet that they havent absorbed is priced, BlueLine was 70% aerial. So there are some excess we have in stores but we dont view this as a macro issue. We dont take AWP as a whole is -- and were still growing our AWP as a company so we dont think AWP as a whole is a problem for the industry.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please. 
Tim Thein: So a question is on the interplay between time and rate. Its pretty atypical if you look at the history of URI to have this sort of magnitude declines in your pro forma utilization and still get rates that are at or above the rate of underlying inflation. So I am just curious Matt, just may be more kind of a high level thoughts in terms of what you think thats enabling that? Is it something that, that you have had done at the branch level? Is it something may be a change in the industry structure or something else? So just maybe your thoughts in terms of how you're able to get positive rates? It's pretty significant year-over-year decline in terms of from a percentage standpoint in terms of your time yield.
Matt Flannery: I think it's a continuation of a strong end market and demand that's driving that rate. I think industry discipline gives credit to others not just us. Industry discipline has so much improved in this cycle from the last cycle. And I think those are two big factors. And I also think that growing the time -- the time utilization were down because of demand than may be you would see a different issue. We don't feel our time as we've talked about a last year is a result of the demand. We've figured a little of delays and then $1.5 billion of fleet in November from our BlueLine acquisition. That wouldn't be a normal cadence that we would do. So, we think it's a result of the timing of the integration and working that through the system than any kind of demand issue and so they really are interplaying as normal because the time was not caused by lack of demand.
Tim Thein: And then may be from a end market standpoint, just your views on the energy patch more broadly. Is that in your expectation in terms of your model for the full year, is that -- has it changed at all, just some of the different components across energy?
Matt Flannery: We're doing fine overall in energy, but when you think about upstream, so, we have been saying for the past couple of quarters that every vertical we track are showing positive growth. The upstream -- the rig count in the upstream throughout the first half of the year, I think rig count from January 1 to the end of June is down about 9%. So, we track very closely for that. So, we did see a decline similar to that in our upstream business. Remind everybody that's still less than 5% of our overall business. But to counter that in energy, our refining business, our downstream business is still very strong, still seeing growth in midstream. So, overall energy is okay, upstream did have a little drop in the rig recount which impacted revenues a little bit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question please?
Joe O'Dea: Matt, can you just expand on, what it is that's driving some of the slower than expected integration with BlueLine and I think relative to seeing even the pro forma utilization that's down year-over-year, even if you were tracking kind of behind maybe we could see that perform a little bit better. So, I'm just trying to understand some of the drivers of that sort of progress. And then even the pro forma declines in utilization? 
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. So, when we think about that 2.2 pro forma reduction, it's about half of it that we had modeled in and we knew what's going to take some time to work some of these fleet through the system. As I said, we wouldn't have brought in $1.5 billion worth of fleet in November in a normal case. So, about half of that was expected, half of it unexpected. And when we think about that unexpected, we did a deep dive on some analysis of where we either needed and couple was dependent on the market, right, so, we did a market-by-market deep dive. In some markets, we weren't getting enough new business in the pipeline. So, we have been addressing that. We load opportunities in our CRM. This is just normal operational blocking and tackling. In some other markets, it was more about sales coverage. We needed to add sales reps, we addressed that. So nothing magical, just normal operational work that we did. And maybe our expectations are this large deal -- largest deal we've done in quite a while of working through this quickly, maybe our expectations were off, I don't know. But either way, the tactics that we're taking through repair are the same that we would have done regardless. 
Joe O'Dea: And do some of the actions that you take now and use set down growth CapEx, I mean does that even includes going in and sort of assessing where some of these pockets of underperformance are? And does that enable redistribution of fleet, so you can actually serve other regions with some of that, and in effect, that will help kind of bring the overall utilization up?
Matt Flannery: Yes, absolutely. So I put that in the expected portion. So where we did expect that capital that we normally would have put in those markets as they absorb the acquired capital, we put into other markets. Where specialty has gotten more capital throughout the year, they continue to use that well. We've had a couple of geographic regions pick up the pace, and they got a couple of -- a little bit more capital. The cut to the top end of our capital was directly correlated to that other 1% that was unexpected. So if you think about, we just had latent capacity that match that $150 million that we cut off the top, and we just thought it was prudent to use that. But it doesn't change the slope of our growth in the back half of the year, if you're following me just the starting point. We just thought was prudent to not spend the capital on that, let the team use the adornment capital to fill that that demand that we expect in the back half of the year. 
Joe O'Dea: And then last one, just how has customer retention experience been as we walk through the process of navigating BlueLine rates in line with URI, is there any impact on customer retention that was showing up in utilization?
Matt Flannery: No, no, we always model some leakage I will say right, in every deal that we've ever done, sure. I think the challenge on this one was that we had your seasonal churn, which is natural, when you go out do integrations as you get into the winter. And then some integration churn and a few of these markets just didn't fill the top of the funnel, so to speak, didnt backfill that fast enough. But this churn is just natural. We model in every integration we do. But nothing extraordinary, nothing outside of what we expected. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber : I just wanted to tie together a couple of the answers that I've heard so far. I think to Steve's question, you talked about fleet productivity being above 1.5 in the third quarter, which I think suggests these BlueLine issues are kind of in the rearview. But at same time, Matt, I think you're saying like, it sounds like some of this stuff is still in process. And it could bleed into third quarter. So I'm really just trying to understand the cadence of how quickly you think these integration issues can get -- will get fixed, or are they fixed already? I'm just trying to tie these two different data points together. Is productivity going to be about 1.5 in the third quarter, I guess? 
Matt Flannery: So we were never very good at forecasting rate in time. So we stopped doing that a couple years ago. So now I'm going to try to forecast the interplay of rate, time and mix. I can say that what we see in the repairs of markets that were challenged and then the growth of markets that we fed more fleet to, make us feel comfortable that our target of 1.5 is in play. We don't want to get into the business. Were starting to forecast because then Id remind you about forecast rate and time to the 10 bps and we dont want to do that. But I think more a color of the demand environment, the reparations to the sort of markets where we had challenges, we feel good about where were trending and thats why we gave the guidance that we gave today or last night. 
Seth Weber : Okay. I thought you specifically said to Steves question that you thought it would be above the 150 thats all so.
Matt Flannery : Yes thats -- if you messed around with the midpoint of our guidance it wouldnt come out with that implication but were not going to -- we dont want to forecast any number.
Jessica Graziano: Hey Seth it is Jess, I just want to add just one thing. That 1.5% that we talked about kind of goes back to when we introduced fleet productivity the comps that -- just that we want to make sure that were being as productive as possible with the fleet but at least covering that 1.5% of inflation, right. So our goal in any quarter is to get that fleet productivity to be greater than the 1.5% inflation that we expect is going to come on the fleet just.
Seth Weber : Yes makes sense totally, thank you. And then maybe Jess for you, appreciate the color on the adjusted pull through 60% excluding synergies and some of the headwinds and things like that. But as we think about 2020 I mean it seems like these issues should be in the rearview. So is there anything that we should think about that would not allow a 2020 pull through margin to be in that 60% range?
Jessica Graziano: So theres nothing right now that we can see. Were going to start the 2020 planning process call it late August and obviously work through. But to your point a lot of what you see as adjustments to that 60% is the acquisition dynamic that plays against that number. Absent that theres nothing that were seeing right now that will take off of 60% on the core business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please. 
Jerry Revich: You folks had really strong free cash flow performance given the negative EBITDA. I'm just wondering how much more room do you have to pivot CapEx lower if you need to have far out, are you committed because Matt to your point earlier on the call in terms of latent capacity given where utilization was in the quarter, you have to go back a while before we see utilization at these levels in 2Q. So presumably I would imagine you folks can turn harder on CapEx if you find that as you head through 3Q, the ramp is at the low end of expectations. Can you just talk to that please?
Matt Flannery : As weve talked about before we have a lot of flexibility in our capital spend. Were very aligned with our partners and thats whats allowed us to make this trim relatively easy. Its not on our calculus right now to go lower than the range that were in. We want to reiterate we feel good about the demand environment and the opportunities that are there. So once we absorb the extra 1% that we didnt expect and then work the rest of the fleet through our system we think this is the right capital allocation for the end market that well be working in for the rest of the year.  So is the opportunity there in a different environment? Yes, but I dont want you to take away that thats where were headed to. 
Jerry Revich: Okay and in terms of has the calculus shifted at all in terms of whats the optimal level of utilization? We're trying to work towards given the changing fleet mix? Has that evolved at all as we look at the actual time utilization reported for the quarter, given all of the differences we've seen in terms of the move towards specialty in the business? Should we be thinking about a different calculus when we are looking at maximizing returns as it relates to what utilization that ultimately translates to?
Jessica Graziano : Joe, that's an excellent question and thank you for asking it, because the change in the calculus is really the shift for us to fleet profitability and it's less about targeting a particular time utilization number or particular rate number or particular mix number even. But rather going out in the field and again it is much rate as we possibly can utilizing the fleet to the highest level we possibly can in a way that makes sense. And to the point you're making about specialty, continuing to optimize mix that would come through a more profitable fleet, and more profitable fleet that's going to consistently meet the demand of our customers. So, that calculus shift is fleet profitability and really the interplay that's going to come from continuing to optimize that profitable growth and return that we're after.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger : It's interesting we haven't talked too much about the macro and it sounds like that was pretty solid and some of the issues you have were largely integration and weather-related. So somewhat unique to the company. Could you address, it sounds like you feel pretty comfortable with the back half of the year but the ABI has been a little bit soft, you mentioned some of your customer discussions that sound solid. So, this is more of a 2020 question, but what lends comfort particularly in non-res but overall?
Matt Flannery: As Jess mentioned, we haven't started our 2020 planning process. But when you look at even the contracted backlog out nine months right, so there is still work there. When you look at, construction employment numbers, I think highest of all time. You look at other indicators including our Customer Confidence Index and the feedback from our 1,200 locations out in the field, the managers and sales reps that get paid to do this every day, we feel good about the end markets. How much that plays in and where that ends in 2020, we will spend a lot of time in the fall taking a look at and obviously that will influence our guidance. But, we do feel good about the end markets.
Scott Schneeberger : And then, just from the early June press release about the leverage level and you touched a little bit on it again today. But how should we consider the M&A pipeline, given this new target and any material changes as to, you think you're going to slowdown or might there even be expansion in looking internationally, perhaps. Just kind of the big level picture on M&A from here in that light?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Scott. Its pretty consistent with the way our thoughts have been. We talked about at the end of Q1. We're in much more of a absorbing leverage mode in the generic business as you could see, weve spent a lot of time talking about that today. But we certainly have a length perspective to see. If the rights deal comes up, we're very, very interested in any kind of specialty acquisition that can meet our threshold, right, very high bar both culturally, strategically and most importantly financially. But we really like to space. And if we can get some new products, or build out of a footprint that we think would be more efficient for us to do it through M&A versus an add back to the organic growth we're showing, I would say that's where our lean would be. Internationally, we're still moving very slow. We have got a great team that's there. We are international. Now with 11 stores, we got the Baker acquisition, they're doing a great job. But we're going to continue to take a watch and learn mode before we go dive deep into the pool. And we'll update folks once we feel that there's a pivot from that position.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Courtney Yakavonis: I just was curious how cross selling performed this quarter relative to your executions? It sounds like a lot of the comments on the integration have been really about protecting some of the acquired revenues. So just you say that you did see cross selling just on the line of acquisitions? 
Matt Flannery: Yes, we saw double-digit growth in cross selling, still strong performance. I think that's one of the areas we could pick up as part of the revenue opportunity that we have. We've got obviously some new reps teams that weren't as familiar with the full offering. And that's part of the training that we've been focused on here in the past quarter, to get folks trained on what the full value prop that we have as we've added new players to the team, whether they would be just growth or through M&A. 
Jessica Graziano: And Courtney the other thing I'd add there is that that's a big component of the leveraging of the acquisitions that we've done is to really focus on cross selling and bringing that broader breath of products and service to our customers.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then along the same lines, you guys increased your specialty portfolio from 27 to 30. One, if you can just comment on how the mix of growth CapEx has been altered because of your reduction? If its going to be more focused on specialty, now if any specialty CapEx was reduced? And then also, just what's the CapEx impact from additional cold start just kind of per unit?
Matt Flannery: Yes, there's not a big for the additional three cold starts, its not big trade in fact but we did increase specialty as a whole number. And then obviously, as a percentage, because none of the -- none of us regardless of where we end up in that range is going to come out of specialty, we actually upped their CapEx for the full year, based on the growth that they have shown.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then just last one, I think you just talked about some of the training associated with the sales force as part of the territory realignment. Can you just give us a little bit more color on what specifically you see in terms of training sales force?
Matt Flannery: I couldn't hear you too well.
Jessica Graziano: She said training of this. Did you say training, Courtney? 
Courtney Yakavonis: Yes. Yes. 
Matt Flannery: Okay. Yes, the ongoing, we have a very broad and deep curriculum of training for both new employees and for higher level sales professionals. So we have a training tailored to them all. I would just say that part of the part of the biggest opportunity that folks new to the organization, even though if they were in the business before is the breadth of products that you have to sell and how do you use that. In the product specialist we have to solve more problems of your customers to get more share of wallet, deeper penetration. That's more of what our focus is on a go forward basis. And as part of why we continue as you brought up the first question, strength in cross sell and growth in our specialty business.
Courtney Yakavonis: I'm sorry, one last one. In any of the markets where you could do an acquisition have you become the sole provider. And is that having any impact on customers, who might want a second provider of equipment?
Matt Flannery : Yes these are all annual contracts other than when you use three bids in a buy for like a large petrochem player and none of our customers are beholden to any of us in the industry to be a sole provider. So even if someone told they were, I dont know that I could tell you definitively on a live call that we are the only provider. But we are fortunate that because of the breadth of our product offerings and our network theres very few areas of North America or pieces of equipment that we can slide to our customers so we think that gives us a really strong share of wallet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question please. 
Steve Ramsey: Thinking about specialty, are you adding much fleet to the Baker branches and how is fleet absorption at Baker and is the integration on pace there?
Matt Flannery : The integration after Bakers will allow -- in addition to our fluid solutions team, we added Thompson Pump. So you could imagine were pretty well settled on pumps already. Baker was already the leading tank provider in the industry. So what were adding to that are additional products and services like filtration and really building a comprehensive innovative fluid solutions business as we pull together a great pump business and a great tank business.
Steve Ramsey: And just thinking about the leverage range at this juncture where we are in the cycle, your optimism about the cycle and the free cash flow profile? What at this point when things are good would cause you to lean to operating at the low end of the leverage range?
Jessica Graziano: Well weve talked about when we made the change to reduce the range to 2 to 3 times. Two things. The first was we were still planning to come in somewhere around 2.5 times by the end of this year. So that is coming down from call it 3 times post the BlueLine deal at the end of last year. So we have made conscious decisions to continue to get that leverage down through 2019. As we look forward into 2020 were going to continue to focus on moving more towards the end of our new leverage range. I'm not sure exactly where well fall but itll be a focus for us as we think about the free cash flow in 2020 that we expect will be again another robust year of free cash flow generation. As we think about how much of that will go to leverage itll be a priority for us to continue to take the leverage down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is our final question for today and it comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Chad Dillard: So sorry to beat the dead horse here. But just want to go back to the under absorption of 1%. I just wanted to understand just like whats baked into the balance of the year? So I think you talked about plus or more than 1.5% productivity number for 3Q. I just wonder if thats actually contemplated in that as well as at the back end the guidance? And to kind of get that under absorption taken care of, is the case that some of the pent-up demand from to 2Q the delays kind of come through and take care of that or is it more about some of the sales force that was more under the phasing on deal negotiation move forward, how does that phasing and aims differently work?
Matt Flannery: Sure. So, it's about -- and in addition to the absorption in the markets where we needed the sales force to fill the top of the funnel as I say, to utilize that tone of capacity they had is one fixed. But it's also shifting at the markets where we had robust growth and where we have opportunities in not just specialty but other geographic markets where they weren't as a bit impacted. We talked about the California in the first quarter and then we've about how they rebounded. They had a real slow start to the first quarter and they've had robust growth on the West Coast here in the second quarter and we forecast that to be beyond. So, it's really just management of our business normal cadence for us. The only reason we called out these specific drags just because they were abnormal and the opportunity to repair them exists because of the demand that's out there. So, that's the real good news. Otherwise, if we werent in a strong demand environment, it would be a different play call it all together. I just want to reiterate the strong demand environment, the strong rate, the opportunity for growth in the back half of year that we're guiding to is our opportunity, so -- and then the output will be that fleet productivity target that we talked about.
Chad Dillard: That's helpful. And then you mentioned that at the top of the call that infrastructure was a source of strength. So just trying to understand I guess how much bigger does that part of the business grow as we look kind of towards at the balance of the year in 2020? And like how do you think about potential mix shift for the impact? I guess Id like to follow up for Jessica.
Matt Flannery: So, we think first of all, the infrastructure growth isn't so much as there is tailwind all over the end markets growing. It's also our focus on it. So, we started focusing on infrastructure as a vertical and tailor to go-to-market strategy for that, as well as product strategies, because we knew there was just such demand and need for infrastructure improvements throughout the country. So that's paying off and it's a great example of opportunities, where even as end markets may have slower growth, as we have vertically focused our sales teams and our product offerings to end markets where we think our offering benefits more than the competition, we could actually swim upstream in some of these markets and we did that for a little while in infrastructure and that was some tailwinds. How much it ends up? What size of our business is it? Really the focus, it's more of we have the core products like trench, like fluid solutions to go along with our genuine products to really support that customer base.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back for any further remarks.
Matt Flannery: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us today. And to remind everyone, our Q2 investor deck is available for download. And as always, please reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of Investor Relations, if you have any questions. And I look forward to talking with you again in October. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions, contain forward-looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control. And, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Companys Web site at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys press release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the Company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliations from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Well, good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. I have some comments to share with you on the quarter. But first, I want to speak about the upcoming leadership transition. As you know, this is my last earnings call with you. And when we report our second quarter results, Matt will be standing here as CEO. And I'll be behind the scenes as Chairman. It's an honor for me to take the range from Jenne Britell, who has been instrumental in our company's transformation. The changes take effect following our Annual Meeting on May 8th, and I look forward to collaborating with Matt on a different level in my new role. Matt and I have navigated our strategy together for years and he has been a terrific partner. We'll be continuing the productive relationship between the board and the executive team that have served our company so well for over a decade. Now turning to the quarter. Overall, our performance was very positive. We know some of that our momentum to the operating environment our end markets are still growing, and demand is broad-based across our geographies and verticals. You saw us express our continued confidence in the cycle yesterday when we reaffirmed our guidance but it's more to an external. We're very different company today than we were a decade ago. We have former resilient business model. We're more agile and innovative with stronger differentiation and more ways to create value for our customers and shareholders. And you can see this in the growth that we've achieved the improvements we made in margins and returns, and the free cash flow we've generated throughout this cycle. And ultimately, you can see it in our return on capital. None of this happened by accident, it's the direct result of the strategy we adopted in 2008, and our focus on execution since that time. And finally, I'd like to thank our employees for the incredible job they've done in helping us transform United Rentals. We had a vision for what this company could become, and our people made it a reality. And on a personal note, I want to thank you, the investment community, for your attention at United Rentals' during the years I've served as CEO. There has always been a lot of respect on both sides. And I'm pleased that I'll step down following a record year of growth and another year of growth well underway. Now, I hand the call over to Matt who will talk strategy and operations. And then Jessica will cover the numbers. After that we will take your questions. So for the last time, Matt, over to you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Mike, and good morning everyone. And before I begin, I want to take this opportunity on behalf of the Company to thank Mike for many years of tremendous leadership, hard work and selflessness and personally for his mentorship and the confidence he shown in me throughout my career. Mike has always been willing to challenge the status quo and to think in new directions, and always want new to push and pull those of us around them, quite frankly even when we didnt like it. The roles are changing Mike, but I'm counting on the continued collaboration and I'm very much looking forward to the next chapter of our lives together. Now let's talk about quarter. As you know from the numbers, the year is off to a strong start. We delivered solid growth in good margins, as well as strong free cash flow. You've seen it in the results that we reported last night. For the quarter, total revenue was up 22% and adjusted EBITDA was up 18%. And as a result, EPS improved by 15% from a year ago. This performance was underpinned by our focus on operational discipline. And it allowed the team to achieve solid flow through and a year-over-year improvement and fleet productivity was up 2.2% on a pro forma basis. And Jeff will go through the details. But bear in mind, we had multiple integrations to deal with, headwinds from the weather in Q1 and yet the team still became more efficient in capturing revenue. And on the topic of integrations, let me take a moment to give you an update. The BlueLine integration is on track, and we'll be leveraging those additional resources in our busy season. The same is true on a smaller scale of WesternOne in Canada, and with Thompson Pump whose rental business we bought in January. Most of the structural integration work on these deals is behind us, and we're looking forward to the seasonal ramp up in Q2. We've entered 2019 not just as a larger solutions provider, but as a more diverse one as well, a quick to serve new types of customers and end markets. And this aligns well with our strategy and the outlook for the full year. Our branches have the best view of market activity, and the teams are enthusiastic. And after some Q1 delays due to weather, projects are starting up at a good clip and most importantly, our customers are optimistic. And here's an overview of Q1. We saw meaningful growth in all three of our construction verticals of non-residential, infrastructure and residential. And in the industrial sector, all 12 of the verticals we track pointed to market strength with five of those verticals generating double-digit revenue growth for the quarter. Geographically, we grew revenue in both the U.S. and Canada year-over-year with all of our regions showing strong demand. Our specialty operations continue to be a big part of our growth strategy. And in the first quarter, our Trench, Power and Fluid Solutions segment grew rental revenue by 44%. Now, this reflects our two acquisitions in Fluid Solutions, but also 12% -- 14% organic growth. When we bought BakerCorp back in July, we gained tank and filtration expertise. This strengthened our ability to provide Fluid Solutions to our customers. And with Thompson Pump, we gained a leading position in turnkey sewer bypass solutions and well point dewatering. In addition, we opened eight specialty cold starts in the first quarter against a planned 27 for the year. Our specialty footprint currently stands at a record 341 locations and growing. Now, I want take a moment to talk about safety. It's our most important differentiator, because it protects our most important assets, our people and it matters to our customers. We just completed two years of acquisition activity with one integration after another. So it makes me particularly proud when I see a safety performance like the one we just achieved. For the first quarter, Team United had a total recordable rate of just 0.71. A year ago that rate was 0.98, which is a really good result for any industry. So we were good before and now we're even better. And to top it off, two of our regions ended the quarter with a recordable rate of zero. And someday, I hope to be telling you that the entire company came in at zero, because that's our goal. But here is how I'll sum it up. The cycle's still in our favor and we're looking at another year of solid growth. Most important, our people, our processes and our strategy, are all aligned with the customer opportunity. You've heard us talk about balancing growth, margins, returns and free cash flow, that's our mantra. But before we do any of those things, we have to first perform for our customers. And we have to do it well enough to earn their next revenue opportunity each and every day. This unrelenting focus on the customer is at the heart of Mike's legacy as CEO. His understanding of what it takes to build an enduring company set a high bar for us and our industry. Back in '09, he had us taking the lead with innovation and rental specialization. And we were engaging our employees in good citizenship and encouraging them to have an ownership mentality. And I know I speak for the entire team, when I say we're excited to build on Mike's legacy for all of our stakeholders. We're eager to take on the opportunities 2019 and the years ahead. And now, I'll ask Jess to go over the numbers and then we'll take your questions. So Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks Matt and good morning, everyone. Before I jump into the numbers, on a high level, let me reiterate what Matt said. We've delivered a solid quarter and we're positioned well moving into the busy season. Our team did a great job remaining focused on safety and on our customers as we continue to work through multiple integrations. As a result of all that acquisition activity, the majority of the year-over-year variances in the as reported numbers will be from adding these businesses. So while I walk you through as reported results, I'll pivot at times to speak to our performance on a pro forma basis, which includes BlueLine and Baker, since that's a better reflection of how we're managing the business. I'll begin with rental revenue where I'll also pivot to discuss the quarter in the context of fleet productivity. Last quarter, you'll recall that we said we will be providing rate, time view and mix detail consistent with our previous methodology for a couple of quarters to provide transition to fleet productivity. You can see all that detail, as well as calculations supporting fleet productivity on pages 36 through 40 of our investor presentation thats posted on our Web site. So let's get started. Rental revenue on an as reported basis grew 23%, or $336 million to just shy of $1.8 billion. The increase is primarily related to the impact of both BlueLine and Baker, but I'll note here that the growth in rental revenue on a pro forma basis was a strong 7.2% for the quarter. As reported OER growth contributed about 21% or $265 million. From a fleet productivity perspective, the change is comprised of growth in our fleet of 23.7% or about $300 million of additional revenue. We have the usual headwind of fleet inflation at 1.5% or $19 million and fleet productivity on an as reported basis was also an expected headwind, down 1.3% or $16 million with lower time utilization and mix formatting BlueLine and Baker being partially offset by positive rate. As you consider the quarter's revenue results, I think it's more helpful to consider fleet productivity on a pro forma basis, which was up 2.2% year-over-year. That came from both strong rate and mix, offset partially by softer time view. We focused on profitable growth while balancing these metrics for the quarter. And when you add the expected integration dynamics with some unexpected weather impacts, we're pleased with the productivity we generated. Rounding rental revenue was a combined 2.1% increase on an as reported basis from ancillary and re-rent, with ancillary adding $61 million and re-rent adding $10 million. Again, both were better, primarily as a result of that BlueLine and Baker, but also due to better volume across the core business. Taking a look at used sales, used sales revenue was up just over 6% or $11 million year-over-year. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 49%, that's down from 54%, and reflects the tough comp of having sold older fully depreciated NES equipment in the first quarter of '18. As we look closer at the used sales environment, it remains strong. Our sales as a percentage of OEC was 54%, which was 140 basis points higher than last year with our used pricing at retail up about 5% versus Q1 '18. Used sales also benefited from the blend of equipment that we sold in the quarter. Moving to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $921 million, an increase of $141 million or 18% versus prior year. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 43.5%, a 150 basis point decline year-over-year due largely to the impact of bringing in BlueLine and Baker. Importantly, on a pro forma basis, our adjusted EBITDA margin improved 30 basis points. I'll walk you through the bridge on the as reported changes in EBITDA. The improvement in OER added $167 million, ancillary contributed $19 million and re-rent provided about $1 million. Used sales were a headwind of about $3 million and SG&A expenses also a headwind of about $52 million. $40 million of that SG&A change comes from the BlueLine and Baker cost base net of synergies. The remaining $12 million includes volume and inflationary increases, such as higher commissions, merit and professional fees. And that leaves about $9 million of benefits in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, primarily coming from better performance across our other lines of business. Adjusted EBITDA flow through for the quarter was approximately 37%. That's as reported and largely impacted by the acquisitions. So I'll isolate where the core business came in for the quarter. On a pro forma basis, adjusting for BlueLine and Baker, flow through was about 48%. Add to that the impact of Western One and Thomson Pump, which together added about $35 million in revenue and $10 million in EBITDA for the quarter, and you get the 57% flow through. Now, when we adjust for the impact of new and used sales and reflect the benefit of synergies from the acquisitions that leaves you with a flow through of about 52% for the core business. That was as expected for the quarter and points to a really good start to the year on cost performance. As for adjusted EPS, $3.31 in the quarter compared with $2.87 in Q1 of '18, an increase of 15%. And that's primarily from better operating performance across the business, including the contributions of the recent acquisitions. Let's move to CapEx and free cash flow. For the quarter, gross rental CapEx was $257 million, that's about 12% of our full-year guidance at midpoint and in line with our 2019 plan, free cash flow in the quarter very strong, up 11% to $583 million. And just to be clear, that number excludes about $8 million in merger and restructuring payments. Our ROIC for the quarter also strong 10.9%, which meaningfully exceeded our estimated weighted average cost to capital. Year-over-year our tax adjusted ROIC was down slightly 10 basis points. And that slight decline is primarily impacted by the expected timing drag from the acquisitions. And that's going to moderate as we get their operations more fully integrated and synergies from the deals fully realized. Let's take a look at the balance sheet. Net debt at March 31st was $11.6 billion. That's an increase of about $2.7 billion year-over-year related to the financing of the BlueLine and Baker deals. Net debt was down about $150 million quarter-over-quarter. Our total liquidity at March 31st was a robust $2.25 billion, and that's comprised mainly of ABL capacity. Leverage at the end of the quarter was 2.9 times on an as reported basis. And as a reminder, you've heard us say that we expect our leverage by the end of the year to be about 2.5 times, or the low end of our range. Finally, here is a quick update on the share repurchase program. We purchased $210 million of stock in the first quarter on our currently $1.25 billion program, which puts us at $630 million purchase to-date. We still expect to complete this program by year-end. And I'll note that our diluted share count at the end of the first quarter was down about 6% year-over-year. So as you've heard us say this morning, we delivered solid growth and good margins, as well as robust free cash flow. The operating environment is healthy and our customer confidence measures remain positive. Our end markets are still growing and demand is broad based across our geographies and verticals. This strong start to the year positions us well as we move into the busier part of the year. We're tracking to plan and remain confident about 2019 as we reaffirmed out guidance. Now, let's move on to your questions. So operator, would you please open the line?
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: One operational question and one more about the balance sheet. In light of having absorbed that much fleet from the acquisitions, you got hit with weather a little bit during the quarter. If you think about the way the rates played out for the quarter with that fleet utilization as challenged as it was. How is that coloring how are you looking for the rest of the year? I'm just curious if you had known the fleet utilization was coming in at down 18 for the quarter as reported. How is that versus your expectations and how do you respond on rate? And how is that coloring your thought looking at the rest of the year on rate and fleet productivity? I'm just curious if you get an update three months later how the first quarter is coloring your view on the rest of the year operationally?
Matt Flannery: So I think you bring up a great point. And it's -- and I'm not talking about 1.5%, the 150 bps pro forma, because that's now we think about the business. So when I think about either one of those, the time utilization performance was much more -- first of all, most of it was expected as we brought the BlueLine Fleet in November. Normally, we wouldn't bring in that much capacity in November as we're getting into the down season. So we expected most of that. But then the weather did amplified a little bit. If it was all just -- if it was demand based or if it was a concern that way then I think that rate performance would've been even tougher. But I look at it as the team did a very good job of not letting the temporary time utilization drag from the acquisition impact or influence losing any discipline on rate. So we're very pleased with that outcome. We think we're not -- as you know, we don't forecast rate times externally, but we internally have goals and markers. And I think the team did a good job of offsetting that extra time that was created by the weather drag with great discipline from a rate perspective. So we're very pleased with that.
David Raso: I mean, we're all trying to figure out we have to still assume some kind of rate, some kind of view to get the fleet productivity number. And as the comps get a little harder on rate for the rest of the year and specialty double stack the comps. Just trying to understand if we will make our own assumptions about rate, obviously, the time you sound like something as you absorb the fleet, we get into the seasonally stronger periods. You'd think that the utilizations drag year-over-year diminishes. Can you help us a little bit trying to think through fleet productivity when it comes to mix? Can you at least maybe start with trend and how you talk about the business? Can you help us a bit when we think about mix the rest of the year and how it could influence fleet productivity in the overall numbers? Can you just give some examples or how the business is playing out? How you can best position a better mix?
Matt Flannery: So, obviously, two of the big drivers in mix are rate and time. But I mean, I am sorry not just the mix in fleet productivity. But when you think about that mix component, sometimes it's just additive but there are other times where it's actually influencing the other metrics. For example, if we grow specialty products more than we expected, that's going to be a drag on the time but we will get a positive offset to it on mix. So it's just hard of us to forecast that's why we don't. These are all outputs. I would say that as Jess said in her opening comments, we're off to a strong start of the year. We're on target and for everything that's embedded within our guidance. And if you want to go on the margins of time a little bit whereas rate a little bit better, that's fair. But how that plays out into mix is really going to depend on what assets we end up growing with, with the remainder of our capital guide for the rest of the year and what the customers need and how that changes. So I'm not trying to be avoided just truly, those are all outputs from what we expect. The good news is we expect labor productivity to be strong, because the demand is strong. And that's the correlation I draw. When we look at the data that not necessarily everybody sees anymore, we've seen 31 consecutive months of positive balance of supply and demand. Thats with the overall market expectations that we have of strong end markets, we think will result in strong performance as we've guided.
David Raso: That's part of the question I'm just trying to figure if something's changed in the last three months that's maybe changing your capital allocation, be it where you're looking at putting more capital to work, even shifting fleet around the country geographically. Just trying to get a feel for how things could change a little bit from three months ago. But it seem like there's a notable change in how you think about mix and how that influences fleet productivity the rest of the year, that's all, more specialty versus gen ren or vice versa.
Matt Flannery: No, there's no change. And to be frank, Q1 we said this many times. Q1's way too early and too small a sample set to have any change on a full year to positive or negative. And we feel that way today. We're happy to be on track but absolutely no change to the way we're looking at it and what we've got embedded in our guidance in all of our metrics that we get.
David Raso: And I've a question on the balance sheet, I mean the way you're targeting the end of the year at 2.5 turns. We can debate macro 2020 or not. But if we just assume for a second, it was still a decent year, it does appear one of the challenging if you applied most the cash flow next year to deleveraging, and you grow the EBITDA a little bit. I mean, it's pretty easy to see how you can get down to it to turn leverage. Given your midpoint of the target still 3. Can you give us some milestones to think about as a year plays out in discussions with the board, coming to a conclusion, if that's still the appropriate target? Is it at that phase? I mean, you're going to be a bigger company. I mean, one turn in leverage is almost going to be like a $5 billion number. And I'm not even sure the acquisition can abate that, out there you could add up to any on your $5 billion. So just kind of get some understanding of how do we think about milestones discussing this with the board, things that we should be on a lookout for?
Jessica Graziano: It's a great question, and a conversation that's very topical for us as a management team and also with our board. We also -- let me say here that just in all the conversations that we also have with investors, we appreciate and we consider the feedback that we get from investors as well. As you noted, we expect we're going to finish 2019 at 2.5 times and we feel really good about that, considering the focus this year is going to include absorbing all that acquisition activity. And as we look beyond that 2020 and to your point, we can debate the macro. But as we look beyond that right now, it's really premature for us to make a call on how that could change our capital allocation strategy specifically. Between now and then though, we will have a formal conversation with our Board as part of our annual review of capital allocation. And while there's no news to share right now, of course, obviously, if something happens, we'll share it. What I will say even though it's not new news it's good news. The balance sheet right now is in a really good place. Our debt maturity schedule pushed out significantly. We're generating meaningful cash flow. So the focus is going to continue to think about our capital allocation strategy that's going to be both balanced and dynamic for us going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: I just wanted to ask about now your comment that industry demand growth has exceeded supply growth for 31 consecutive months. If you could just give us a little bit of flavor as to whether or not that GAAP has been widening or narrowing over, say relative to the last six months. I mean I realized it's probably volatile month-to-month but maybe on some type of take on like a trailing average versus where we were say mid-year last year?
Matt Flannery: Yes, it's been really consistent really for the past four to six quarters, I'd say. So what I like -- that give you knowledge in a month you may have 10 bps here, 10 bps there up and down. But when you plot it across the last year plus, it's been really consistent and strong. So it's at a good level. And I think you're seeing that in the results. And I think it says a lot just not about us but about the industry discipline, which we're very pleased with.
Ross Gilardi: And just further on that, on that demand versus supply comparison, can you give us some directional view on where industry supply growth is running right now on a run rate basis?
Matt Flannery: I dont have the granularity of that data. But once again, I would just say on the amount of equipment that's been observed versus the amount equipment that's been purchased is in really good balance right now. So, the spread is healthy, I think that's why you are seeing us in our peers report the results we are reporting and I think, it's really a positive sign all underpinned by the demand environment, which has really been very broad as we've discussed over multiple quarters.
Ross Gilardi: And then just -- so maybe just a follow-up on the comments that you were just making before on capital allocation. Clearly, the Company is going through a lot of discussion and you're talking to the board and you've got the AGM coming up and so forth. Do you expect to give us any type sense of timing as to when you might get back to the market on any potential changes, if there are any?
Michael Kneeland: Hi, this is Michael. Obviously, leveraging capital allocation is critically important for both the management team and the board of directors, something that we actually spend a lot of time on thinking about, including getting investor input is as Jessica mentioned, about how to maximize our potential into benefit of our shareholders. Obviously, it's something that we are going through at the moment and before coming -- in our upcoming board meetings. But obviously, when there is nothing to announce today, but be assured that it's something where we would be definitely proactive and coming forward in making announcements. So, it's very much on our radar and we're going to be something that will tackle as the board with the management.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer: I had a question just on specialty and it is, I guess, using Baker as a platform, can you talk a bit about how your operational improvement, your toolkits, all the things you do to make businesses better have you have gone at Baker? Are they working just as well or given that's a little bit on extension? Is there less real improvements that you've bought and then maybe if you could talk about cross-selling as well in that context?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Rob. This is Matt. So, in the scheme of things, it's still early. But I will say in the past 7 to 8 months, there has been a lot of work done and it's really not just Baker that the fluid solutions team is dealing, they're dealing with Thompson as well. So, what they're really working on is the consolidation of offering, not necessarily even in stores, but the consolidation of offering to become a true fluid solutions provider. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Thompson's added to that with some expertise in sewer bypass and wellpoint dewatering. So, there I'd say the biggest change that we are seeing is the ability to enhance the go-to-market strategy. So, we think that's going to be received very well by the end markets. As far as the tactical integration pieces, the team has been ahead of that and as I've said most of that's underway. Now, it's the go-to-market strategy. How do we get to customers to understand this new? And in many ways, unique provider in that space is really the strategic reason of why we did these deals and the opportunity ahead. So, we feel good about it. It's on target, but we think there's a lot more room in the customer facing side to change the game.
Rob Wertheimer: And if you look at kind of what you can bring to acquisitions obviously in the core general ones you're exceptionally good at it. Do you feel like the value that you can bring in, in different fields within specialty where as you expand out in specialty. Is it just as large? Or is it -- the end market has been more attractive to sort of make the math work out evenly between the two options?
Matt Flannery: So, we think the opportunity is large, right. So, one of our core competencies is to take the relationships, the right of way that the goodwill that we have as a strong provider for our customers and expand out. That's really how has been a big part of the growth of our specialty business. And then as far as where and what is both opportunistic, and then strategically, we have to make that build versus buy decisions every time that we look at a deal. But I think it's safe to say whether traditional products or services in specialty or in other adjacencies of the business, there's a lot of growth opportunity for us and something strategically that we continue to evaluate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Joe O'Dea: First question just for CapEx, I think, you've touched the amount that you've spent in the first quarter. It was a little bit lighter than what you normally do. I think if we go back overtime, you've normally spent at least 50% of the full year CapEx usually closer to 60% in the first half of the year, which would suggest something like a $1 billion in 2Q. And so, I wanted to get a sense of whether or not that's kind of a reasonable target or, or whether the spend plans for the year might shape toward the lower half of guidance?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Joe. So to be clear, the Q1 CapEx was a shade lighter than what you see standard, but that was really planned and it was because of the BlueLine acquisition. So as you can imagine, with working that extra capacity, which was very heavily aerial waited, we didn't buy as much aerial in Q1 as we may have in past years because we have the extra capacity. So, that's just smart fleet management. You're numbering Q2 is not far off the pace and whether we go above or below that number, it will be directly correlated to how fast we move that extra fleet through the network. But overall, we have no changes to the full year CapEx guidance. And within that range that we've given in CapEx this year, you could think about the faster we move the BlueLine fleet through, right. Then we'll be on the higher end of the range, and the slower we move it through it and be on the lower end of the range. So, it's really going to be responsive. We think that's how we always look at CapEx and no change to the full year plan.
Joe ODea: And so, the toggle there is really more around replacement spend and growth spend than presumably is still kind of in line with initial expectations?
Matt Flannery: Yes, that's fair. We're definitely in line with initial expectation. Nothing's changed from that perspective. The end markets are still there for the opportunities that. And frankly, as specialty continues to show really strong growth, if there is extra capacity, that doesn't mean that they won't try to take more of the new CapEx because they have been very effective at turning into growth and profitability.
Joe ODea: Perfect. And then just moving on to BlueLine and Baker, two quick questions. One, if you could just talk about the cost synergy kind of target for 2019, and how much of that was achieved in the first quarter? And two, if you could talk about BlueLine rate harmonization, obviously the timing of acquiring that maybe shifts a little bit of the opportunity set more into kind of 2Q 3Q'19 for some of that harmonization, but just to understand, kind of what that looks like?
Jessica Graziano: It's Jess. So, what we have realized in synergies in the first quarter is about $16 million, total, between BlueLine and Baker together, and when we look at it on sort of full year '19 we're looking at something like $45 million incremental total.
Joe O'Dea: That's helpful. And then on the
Matt Flannery: As far as -- Yes -- so as far as the rates, I mean, as I said about really much of the integration, and as you saw in the numbers Jess just gave you as far as the synergies. Most of the structural work done, meaning territory realignment, customer harmonization, at this point, whether it's a Baker or United legacy or BlueLine legacy customer, we've got them all in our rate zones, we've got them all through our methodology, how we move suggested rates and opportunities in rate management through our sales teams, they're all one right now. So it's probably structurally under way. And as far as where the opportunity is, I think you've seen a little bit of it. You look at the pro forma versus the as reported rate improvement, it was a little bit higher than the pro forma, that's a tip to the half with teams already started, and we think we'll see that kind of pace continue through the back half of the year when you look at pro forma versus as reported.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber: So, Matt, I think you commented that you're starting to see, there were some projects that may have gotten pushed due to weather here in the first quarter that are you don't know were kind of restarting in the second quarter. I'm trying to kind of just tie your confidence -- the confidence that you're talking to, in the end markets against like the ABI that came out yesterday that showed some softness, the first softness in a while. So maybe can you just give us what's -- any more detail on kind of how much visibility you feel like you have and what's really supporting your confidence through the full year, frankly? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, first and foremost, what gives us that confidence is the 1,200 touch points we have in our branch network with a couple of thousand reps that talk to customers every day. So that is always going to be primary. But then most every macro data point supports that feeling and even within the ABIs that was released I think it was even noted in the report that they believe that it was due to weather. I mean February was a tough weather month for us and for the industry and for job starts. So we're not surprised by that, but also what came out this morning is the ABC's construction backlog indicator, which was up 8% month-over-month. So in balance we say all the macro indicators are positive even in spite of the ABI number that just came out. So we feel really good about it. Our customers feel good about it. And as we've said before, we think we have good strong visibility 12 months out and that's because of our connection to the end markets and to our customers. And I don't see anything that points to a concern within that visibility that we feel we already have. So I get the point about ABI that one dataset, we'll see where that ends up in the oncoming months, when the February weather hangover goes away, but we still feel good about the end market.
Seth Weber: And then maybe just going back to the mix discussion, is there anything you'd call out there from an energy market perspective, that's disproportionately helping the mix, either from a rate or utilization perspective, or how would you kind of characterize energy markets at this point, I know you mentioned Canada overall -- anything else you could add? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: I call the energy markets steady and certainly they didn't have any impact on mix, as far as the way we categorize mix. When we think broadly, the interesting thing about this last couple of years is that whether you look at geography, vertical, product lines, the growth has been very broad. There's no hot pocket we're relying on and and we feel good about that and and we're forecasting that to continue throughout the year and most of the backlog information and the customer information fortifies that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher: Just on the flow-through, curious what the expectation is that you have for the balance of the year. Should we assume that 60% is achievable on a quarterly basis or will that drag from some of those acquisitions linger on for a little while?
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Steve, it's Jess. Yes, I mean, when we look at the flow-through that we generated in the first quarter, it was actually a hair better than what we expected. So if I go back to the conversation we had at Investor Day when we talked through full-year guidance, we still feel really comfortable that we'll be able to do something kind of give or take 60% on the core, if I adjust for the acquisitions and for the synergies. So Yes, we feel really good about 60%.
Steven Fisher: And then, if you could just talk about your bid pipeline a little bit, particularly in terms of large projects, it seems like maybe following up on Seth's question there, there should be some larger industrial projects that are taking shape at the moment and I know in the past you've also had some chunky CapEx put out there for specific airport projects. I'm just curious what your bid pipeline looks like for some of the larger projects at this point that you see coming over the next year.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Steve. It looks robust, our national account team and our strategic account teams, which are really the large or half of our account profile, backlogs are strong, and they're the ones that are going to be working on the major projects. LNG is still strong. There's still a lot of infrastructure work, major capital projects remain robust and and it's coast to coast. I mean there is strength throughout our network and then when you even think about some of the midstream work that needs to get done to help move some of the energy, is really an opportunity for us and we're very well positioned with the contractors that are going to be doing that large work through our scale and through our broad foot print.
Steven Fisher: Is there any particular timing that you see for some of those projects coming through?
Matt Flannery: That's probably a little too precise for us right now, but I would say the pace of how our our teams are building their revenue and what our expectations are for the year which obviously informed our guidance, is on track as far as where that moves, does Q2 get a little hotter or as as expected, it's probably too early for us to say.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citi. Your question please.
Tim Thein: So, the first question is just on operating costs and how that is impacting the margins here for 2019. This point last year, it was more of a challenging backdrop in terms of your pickup and delivery and some of the other operating buckets, as you've highlighted in the flow-through bridge, so just curious how much of the improvement that you have seen, how much of it is just that maybe some loosening of the LTL capacity versus some of the things that maybe you've done internally to recover some of that inflation that you've faced?
Jessica Graziano: So, I don't have that number isolated. But what I can tell you is, as we looked at cost performance through the first quarter, we were very pleased. The performance came in pretty much as expected across those big categories of cost that gave us a little bit of heartburn first quarter last year like delivery was one and we had also talked about some higher overtime than we expected. So, the team has done a great job in managing through that and managing through some of the integration work that we've had through the first quarter to stay really focused on a disciplining cost when it -- as it related to again these big categories delivery repair labor cost like that. So, there is nothing that we're seeing that that we would isolate as being a concern for us as we're going into the busy season.
Tim Thein: Okay. I mean, there was -- it's also just in the context of some fairly sizable percentage growth and not a huge driver for URI on the whole, but the ancillary was up quite a bit as in percentage terms. So, I guess I was just curious if there is -- if there were things that have been done there and that may be helping you recover some of the inflation?
Jessica Graziano: So a big chunk of that increase comes from better delivery recovery through ancillary and that is really the recovery of the cost that you would see within cost of rentals. There's two things going on there. One is that with the acquisitions, we've now modified processes, we've updated technologies, in bringing those businesses in, they're now using that same discipline that we've developed around delivery recovery being obviously an important part of our overall revenues. So that's part of it. The other part of it is that the team broadly continues to be really focused on making sure to have delivery recovery as appropriate across our sales. So it's -- it's good discipline and it's bringing in those two businesses that's driving growth in that line.
Tim Thein: Got it. Just following back up on rates just in the quarter, was there or were there any regions or geographies that stood out in terms of it being stronger versus softer, that just curious about anymore, whether it's by geography or vertical, any more color in terms of just rate performance and how that just in -- likely informs you about the rest of the year?
Matt Flannery: Tim, as you could imagine -- this is Matt, as you could imagine, the rate follows the demand, right. And it was equally as broad, every operating region had positive rates in the quarter year-over-year, so it should and did follow the demand environment, as that's really the driver for the opportunity and the team did a good job capturing that opportunity broadly.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you can talk about -- I'm wondering if you can talk about the Total Control rollout on the acquired businesses and BlueLine, what's the timing, as we look at Total Control now, it's a quarter of your business, 5, 6 years ago was half that, as we continue the new migration toward more customers using Total Control. I guess, what are the implications for the margin profile for your business? Can you just step us through that opportunity set please?
Matt Flannery: Sure. Jerry. This is Matt. I'd say that the -- most importantly the team responded quickly to those customers that Baker was doing business with that were already on Total Control. So the first step was to make sure that we got those assets integrated in and that's some work and I want to get into the details, a part of that work actually has to happen on the customers' end as well, because they build processes through to their vendors, so they had the more fad over. And then in BlueLine deal, you had a little bit of as well more influenced by Baker than BlueLine, but certainly an opportunity for us to continue to be a full provider to those Total Control customers and I wouldn't say there were any material changes especially when you look at the pro forma growth. But what I would say is broadly regardless of integrations and acquisitions, we continue to get further adoption and usage of Total Control as a tool to help our customers solve productivity issues and that's always what it's been built on and as we put it along our footprint and get more and more of our employees and therefore customers educated on the opportunity, that's how we've driven that growth in Total Control.
Jerry Revich: And Matt, could you comment on part of the question related to the margin opportunity sets where obviously you're getting benefits of digital transactions and also better customer stickiness as the Total Control part of your business grows. Can you just address that part of the question in terms of opportunity set if we're sitting here in five years and it's 40% of your business, can you just help us understand what that means from a margin standpoint?
Matt Flannery: Yes, neither one of the digital channels or any kind of automation is really done as from a cost to margin perspective, it's really done for meeting the customer where they are, the customers that want to interact with us in that way, we're going to support that and that's why we're building the digital platforms that we are, so we don't see this as huge margin accretion opportunity as much as the other half of your point which is accurate is the stickiness, right. And we've got to -- we've got to transact with customers in the way they will process this and comfort in transacting and that's more of why you'll see this us do that. What it does give us the opportunity to do is maybe reach some broader customers that we weren't reaching before. This technology gives you a wider net to cast. So I'd say it's more from that perspective than a cost to margin translation.
Jerry Revich: And then your used pricing, you mentioned that retail was up 5% in the quarter, which is really good performance compared to what we are seeing for the industry overall in that auction results. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the used market is the soft spot really just Tier 4 equipment that you're now not transacting because all of your sales are to Tier 3, can you just talk about your views of the used market and how you folks were able to deliver such better retail sales performance compared to what we're seeing in the channel?
Matt Flannery: Sure, this is something that we've been very proud of and we've worked hard on to build over multiple years. So this isn't a new thing for us. It's that our sales folks were involved in retailing equipment. We have a firm belief that we want to solve all of our customers' problems and just because we're rental company the customer wants to buy a piece of equipment, we've got good quality, well-maintained used equipment to sell to them and we use the retail channel to do that and I think that is the single-digit biggest differentiation between our margins and those that don't do that, but even within the auction results, you see, that it was a little bit of a drag. When you look at the aerial products reaches, they were still pretty strong. So I don't see Tier 4 as the big mover here. I see this is strictly as our channel and the products we sell giving us a good opportunity to keep margins strong and pricing strong.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Chad Dillard: So I just want to tie a couple data points together from the call, so I mean it sounds like you guys are seeing -- you saw some push out of activity from 1Q in 2Q, that impacted your utilization and also it sounds like that you may be able to catch up CapEx kind of -- like your seasonally normal CapEx schedule. So like against that backdrop, how should we think about the cadence of fleet productivity as it goes in the balance of the year?
Matt Flannery: Chad, this is Matt. I just want to correct one thing in case we misspoke or you misheard. The slower time utilization in Q1 was primarily due to -- we did the second biggest acquisition in our history in November, which was going into the seasonal down curve, right, of demand. Not macro activity, not anything like that, just working that fleet through and all the other integration processes that are normal for us, and if we could have bought that fleet in April, we wouldn't be -- you wouldn't even see it, but the truth, we had the opportunity to buy in November, by the way, we do that all over again. We're very pleased with the BlueLine deal, that's what we did -- the two things that you referred to, dampen time utilization, which we expected in Q1 and we'll see that play out through the first half of the year and a tick down, maybe $20 million, $25 million less capital spend than we would have had we not done that deal. I just don't want anybody misunderstand and think that we were -- we are blaming that activity, we think the demand is robust and we'll just work that through the system. So I just wanted to correct that. And then as we think about fleet productivity, as I said in the earlier point, I think it was Ross who might have asked the question earlier, or David, the fleet productivity metrics and output. So not anymore than we could forecast rate or time which are the two biggest inputs to fleet productivity will we be able to have the ability to forward forecast that metric, but we do think that demand environment's and what's embedded within our guidance will net us positive operating metrics and we'll report them accurately as we get through the quarters.
Chad Dillard: And also can you give us your updated thoughts on your philosophy and current decision on whether to potentially implement a dividend, by the end of the year, I mean you will be at the lower end of your leverage target and sounds like M&A or probably more tuck-in rather than large transformational, so just kind of help me think through where could the balance of excess cash go between maybe dividend or more buyback?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Chad. I'll actually come back to the question that David asked and my answer around, there's really no new news for us right now as far as changes to our capital allocation strategy and as we continue to have conversations internally and with our board about that and we consider dividends as just one part of an overall strategy, we will obviously update everyone accordingly.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
A - Matt Flannery: Actually operator, this is Matt, and I just want to thank everyone for joining the call and remind you all that our Q2 investor deck is available for download and it had some really good information on much of the stuff you asked about today, fleet productivity, that's worth a look. So, please reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of HR, if you have any questions. And I look forward to sharing more of our progress with you in July. So with that, operator, please go ahead and end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 12:58:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys Web site at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances and changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliations from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Mike Kneeland: Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you saw yesterday, we delivered a strong fourth quarter performance to cap another record year. Our results underscore two key dynamics that were fundamentally important to our narrative in 2018 and again in 2019. First, that our industry continues to benefit from a positive operating environment; and second, that were positioned to leverage demand through a combination of scale, technology and other sustainable competitive advantages. Now we take all these factors into account when we strategize about growth and profitability. And in our fourth quarter results, you saw proof that our strategy is working. In a few minutes, Matt will talk about our strategy in our operating landscape and Jessica will cover the numbers. But Id like to touch on the highlights of the quarter upfront. As reported, our adjusted EBITDA was 18% higher than a year ago and a 20% increase on total revenue. This reflects both M&A and organic growth. Volume increased by almost 17% and rates increased by 2.2%, two indicators of a healthy marketplace. Our time utilization decreased by 120 basis points to 68.8% reflecting the impacts of Baker and BlueLine as well as tough comp from the prior year hurricanes. Looking at the 12 months of 2018, our free cash flow was very strong at more than a $1.3 billion and our return on invested capital was a robust 11%, and both of these were company records. So a lot of momentum going into 2019 and a broad-based market activity to support a positive forecast. On the subject of the macro, as you might imagine, we get asked about it a lot and obviously theres some uncertainty out there in things like interest rates and tariffs, and you can see that in the stock market. But we have an industrys biggest barrier [ph] to the ground and from everything that were seeing and hearing, theres no discernible impact on our business. All signs indicate another solid year of growth. In addition, we have a long history of outperforming both the equipment rental industry and the construction marketplace. We did that again in 2018 when the U.S. rental industry is widely expected to report expansion in the mid-single digits. And by contrast, our revenue grew by almost 11% on a pro forma basis. And importantly, we have a robust capital structure that gives us significant flexibility in navigating any market conditions. And for all these reasons we have confidence in the 2019 guidance that we reaffirmed yesterday. Looking forward, we remain focused on balancing growth, margins and returns and free cash flow and ensuring that our entire company operates with this goal. This includes aligning the acquisitions weve integrated over the past two years and we bought quality operations with great teams who can thrive on our ecosystem, and now were identifying ways to optimize the operations as part of United Rentals. So in some ways 2019 will be business as usual for us, bearing in mind that were in the business of constantly moving forward and well continue to explore new technologies, leverage our assets and invest in better ways to serve our customers. These initiatives are all part of the narrative at our annual management meeting two weeks ago. We had almost 2,000 leaders with us in Minneapolis, including many managers who recently came on board. And it really drove home the fact that United Rentals is a very different company than we were a decade ago, not just larger in size but with a more resilient business model and a strategy that points us firmly toward the future. Now before I hand it over to Matt, I want to mention the succession plan that we announced in January 8th. This is the result of a comprehensive planning process that our Board engaged over a number of years. As you know, Matt has been appointed our new CEO effective May 8th at our annual shareholder meeting. At that time, I expect to replace Jenne Britell as non-executive chairman and Bobby Griffin as lead independent director. Now I want to take this opportunity to express my deep gratitude to Jenne as one of the architects of our transformation. Shes also been a role model for our employees and an inspiration for me personally. Succession planning can be a complex process in a company of our size but the Board got it absolutely right. Theres a lot of continuity with our transition. Matts been immersed in our strategy for the past decade and he knows where the opportunities lie, and I look forward to collaborating with him in my role as chairman come May. So, Matt, over to you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Mike. I appreciate the kind words but more importantly your help in preparing me for this opportunity. I couldnt be more proud to take on the CEO role. I look forward to leading the company with the support of our Board, Mike and the 19,000 dedicated employees and continuing on the strategic course thats taken us from an early focus of building scale to a culture of profitable growth. Before I talk about our operations, I want to summarize the three key themes I introduced on Investor Day. Number one, that weve built a machine with a large capacity for growth. Our base is already diversified by customers, geographies, end markets and products, but we want to explore more verticals and deepen our penetration in traditional markets. Number two is operational excellence where weve created a platform that turns our volume into growth and returns. This is a critical lever for us. And number three is fleet management. We have more than $14 billion of fleet which represents a huge opportunity to manage these assets for optimal profitability while continuing to broaden our offering for customers. All three of these areas required continued investment and this is where our scale and our strategy converge. Scale is synergistic. It gets us efficiency and productivity and it also allows us to generate the cash that we need to advance our strategy. Our specialty segment is a compelling example of this. We planted the seeds for our specialty segment about 10 years ago when we first began to diversify our business. And over time its become a core part of our strategy. In 2018 you saw us acquire BakerCorp and extend both the depth and reach of our Fluid Solutions business. We also did some smaller deals and site services and we opened 30 additional specialty cold starts with another 27 planned for 2019. So combined, our Trench, Power and Fluid Solutions business generated 40% more revenue in 2018, and importantly almost half of that came from same-store growth. When we build out our specialty footprint, were also creating cross-selling opportunities for our gen-rent business. In the fourth quarter with a record 323 specialty locations, our company-wide revenue from cross-selling grew by 27%. This is an example of how our connected network of locations combined with a broad fleet offering creates a major competitive advantage for us. Were able to take fungible assets and move them from geography-to-geography or end market-to-end market to help drive returns. Assets are important, but our number one priority is and always will be our people. Our people know theyre a competitive differentiator for us and theyre very proud of that. We want to make sure they stay engaged and stay safe. In 2018, our recordable rate was below one for the fifth consecutive year and 92% of our branches remained injury free for the full 12 months. Thats pretty incredible, so kudos to the team. Now shifting to market opportunity. The majority of our strategies focus on expanding our core business. We still had a lot of headroom to drive profitable growth. And importantly, our core end market demand continues to grow. Our branches and our customer surveys continue to report that our customers are busy and theyre optimistic. In addition, virtually every external indicator for construction and industrial is positive. To give you a sense of what weve seen in the fourth quarter, all of our regions increased renal revenue year-over-year and all of our verticals were up as well. The oil and gas sector remains strong despite some underlying volatility, and both the U.S. and Canada are showing solid activity. Canada is out of its slump from a couple of years ago and in '18 they drove double-digit revenue growth naturally for the quarter. Company-wide, our revenue from non-res construction was up 11% in the quarter and this is important because this is our largest end market and its encouraging to see how broad based that demand is. Weve beefed up our presence across many of our trade areas in the past 12 months with the acquisitions of BlueLine, Baker and WesternOne. These branch integrations will be essentially complete by the end of the first quarter and we expect the combinations to continue to drive benefits throughout the year. Were very pleased with the timing of our M&A path over the last two years. Its given us substantially more firepower in a growth environment. And as Mike mentioned, we have a long history of outperforming the equipment rental industry and the construction marketplace. Our value proposition is much more durable and diverse today than it was when we started this journey 10 years ago. We look at every potential investment through the same lens. Is it sustainable and is it profitable? Because the ultimate goal is to compete at that level that sustains superior financial returns. Technology measures up to that goal. We believe there is an enormous amount of shareholder value to be realized by taking the lead in shaping the job sites for the future. The strides were making in process innovation and the digital experience are driving up productivity for our field employees and our customers. So while our size is a meaningful advantage, were also defined by other attributes that position us as an industry leader such as our commitment to safety, investments in technology, our range of solutions and the caliber of our people. That strategy that created these differentiators has been driving us forward for over a decade, and now we have an opportunity to do more for our customers and our investors than any other time in our history. So Ill ask Jessica to go over the numbers and then well take your questions. So, Jess, over to you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone. As a reminder, the numbers Ill be reviewing are as reported except for a few cases where Ill call them out as pro forma. The pro forma numbers include the Baker and BlueLine acquisitions as if we owned them a year ago. Lets begin with rental revenue. Rental revenue for the fourth quarter was 1.99 billion which is up almost 21% or 343 million year-over-year. If we break that down further, OER grew 19% or an increase of 266 million. That growth came mostly from higher volume which was up just under 17% or 239 million. Another 2.2% or about 31 million came from rate improvement. The impact from inflation on our replacement CapEx was a headwind of about 1.5% or 21 million. That leaves the impact of mix and other which was a benefit of 1.3% or a healthy 17 million coming primarily from the growth of our specialty business. The other components of rental revenue were re-rent and ancillary which increased by a combined 77 million. Both benefitted from increased volume as well as the additions of Baker and BlueLine. Now Ill note that rental revenue on a pro forma basis was strong, up 8.5% year-over-year and that included a 2.4% improvement in rates. Taking a look at used sales. Used sales revenue was up 8.1% or 14 million year-over-year. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 51%, down from 58%. That reflects that impact of selling older, fully depreciated NES equipment in 2017. Now to be clear, the used equipment market remains very strong. Our sales as a percentage of OEC was 59%, which is 500 basis points higher than last year. That came primarily from a strong pricing environment and to a lesser extent from the blend of equipment sold. Moving to EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $1.117 billion, an increase of 170 million or 18%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 48.4% or 90 basis points lower than Q4 of '17, largely due to the impact of Baker and BlueLine. Excluding them, adjusted EBITDA margin improved 20 basis points year-over-year to a robust 49.5%. Heres the bridge on the changes. Higher volume in the quarter added 160 million of adjusted EBITDA. Better rates and ancillary revenues each increased another $30 million. Other lines of business contributed 6 million to adjusted EBITDA in the quarter and incentive comp was better by 4. These benefits were partially offset by a few headwinds. The impact of fleet inflation on EBITDA was about 17 million, merit increases cost us 7 million and lower used sales margin cost us 6. That leaves a headwind of about 30 million which comes primarily from the impact of carrying fixed costs for Baker and BlueLine that were not there in the fourth quarter of '17. This is partially offset by that positive revenue mix I mentioned earlier. EBITDA flow through for the quarter was 44%. Now as weve mentioned, the acquisitions are a drag on the flow through calculation. So if we exclude the impacts from Baker and BlueLine, our flow through for the quarter was 53%. And taking that one step further, if you exclude the impact of used sales to isolate the core business, our flow through in the quarter came in right around 60%.So a good performance across the business with operating costs coming in as expected. As for adjusted EPS, it was $4.85 in the quarter compared with $11.37 in Q4 of '17 which included $8.03 from tax reform. If we adjust for tax reform in both periods, adjusted EPS increased 19% in the fourth quarter primarily from better operating performance across the business including the contribution of our recent acquisitions. Lets move to CapEx. For the full year, gross CapEx was 2.1 billion which was at the high end of our guidance for 2018 and reflects fleet weve deployed in response to continued strength we see in the market. Now even with that significant level of CapEx spend, free cash flow for the year was a record coming in at 1.33 billion if we exclude the impact from payments we made for merger and restructuring. So were pleased to deliver another year of significant free cash flow. As we manage the business to balance growth and returns, we are also pleased to deliver a strong performance for ROIC which was 11% in the quarter, a record for us. If I adjust for tax reform, ROIC increased 20 basis points year-over-year to 10.8%. That represents over a 200 basis point spread above our weighted average cost of capital. Looking at the balance sheet. Net debt at December 31 was 11.7 billion. Thats an increase of about 2.6 billion year-over-year related to the financing of BlueLine and Baker. Our total liquidity at year end was 1.4 billion comprised mainly of ABL capacity. A quick update on our share repurchase program. As I mentioned at Investor Day, weve restarted our $1.25 billion program after taking a short pause to assess the BlueLine integration. We were back in the market in December and by year end we had repurchased $420 million worth of shares on that program. On the subject of BlueLine, Matt mentioned the integration but Id like to add a little more color. We have two months of BlueLine contribution in the fourth quarter. Results for those two months were in line with what we communicated in our third quarter call. As far as synergies go, were on track to get our full run rate of 45 million and well likely get there sooner than we originally communicated. We had 3 million of these synergies realized in Q4. So overall it was a quarter and a year of excellent results in a favorable macro providing solid positioning for 2019. As a matter of fact based on numerous conversations I had during our annual management meeting earlier this month, overwhelming sentiment from our managers was positive. They all feel good about what should be a strong 2019. Now you saw us reaffirm the guidance we issued in December, so I wont go through the details. But its worth pointing out that our 2019 CapEx guidance includes replacement CapEx of 1.65 billion adjusted for inflation. So at the midpoint that implies about 575 million in growth CapEx. Before we move to Q&A, I want to take a few minutes to introduce some upcoming changes in our quarterly discussion of rental revenue. As you know we have been providing rental rates and time utilization as discrete metrics. But as we discussed during our Investor Day in December, our business strategy has evolved and we need to evolve the way we talk about the business as well. Specifically, rate and time are just two of the many levers we manage daily as we focus on profitable growth. What really matters is the interplay of decisions made across rental rates, time utilization and mix that come together to produce revenue as efficiently and as profitably as possible. So after numerous conversations with analysts and investors, were introducing the metric of fleet productivity. This measure is meant to provide greater insight into how we optimize rental revenue by balancing rate, time and mix decisions with market dynamics. Now let me be clear. Rate and time remain important KPIs for us, but weve realized our reporting these metrics in isolation doesnt accurately convey how were balancing these levers to impact our revenue performance and ultimately our growth and returns. By combining these discrete levers into one metric, fleet productivity provides a more comprehensive view of the combined impact from decisions we made across the field. Starting now well provide quarterly year-over-year rental rate and time utilization in parallel with fleet productivity. This will give investors the opportunity to get familiar with the metric through midyear. At that point, we plan to phase out quarterly rate and time and continue to disclose our quarterly fleet productivity results. Well continue to characterize the impact rate and time has on our results but it will be more qualitative rather than quantitative. And finally, as a part of the change to our communication strategy, going forward we will no longer provide monthly results on rate and time. Two other quick notes on how well speak to rental revenue and specifically our owned equipment revenue going forward. Well describe these changes to OER by continuing to call out the impact of inflation on the fleet as a headwind. And second, starting with Q1, well provide the impact of the net change in OEC. That will give you a window into our rental CapEx decisions in the quarter. Now Im going to stop here and open the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Ross.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you. Hi, everybody. And Michael, congratulations and thanks for everything and best of luck in the chairmanship.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Ross Gilardi: Just had a few questions. Just first, can you guys just talk a little bit more about the macro? It sounds like youre still seeing a lot of strength out there, fairly broad based. So maybe if you could give a little more granularity what regions and end markets are the relative outperformers versus the laggards? And what really gives you any true visibility into whats to come in 2019?
Mike Kneeland: Yes. Ross, let me start out and then Matt can chime in and give you more of the details specifically on the regions. So when you take a look at  look, our results speak for themselves and it was very broad based. Both geography wise and vertical end markets all showed growth which is a telltale sign. Our customer survey, our confidence surveys remain very encouraging. We recently completed our annual bottoms-up budget process which factors into that real-time data. And then all the external data points across both our construction and industrial end markets continued to show a positive growth component whether its the construction activity and construction put in place, the ABI, employment data, backlogs, industrial activity, ISM, PMI, the Federal National Activity Index, manufacturing surveys, very broad. But as far as the level of detail on the regions, Matt?
Matt Flannery: Sure. Ross, this is Matt. I think Mike covered it but then additionally when we see the results being broad, not just the customer confidence index which is an addition to all the macro data that everybody has access to. But then as Mike spoke about it in his opening remarks, we have 1,200 locations with barriers to the ground, this is their job. So they are in customers offices, theyre looking at backlogs. So the data, the anecdotal, the local intelligence, all point to a strong 2019. And once again its very broad. So theres no hot pockets that anybody is relying on to drive growth.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. And then I want to ask, just talk a little bit about margins. Its very clear a lot of investors still view your company as incredibly cyclical and the same company it was 10 to 15 years ago and value the stock that way. But if you look at the last five years for supposedly cyclical business, your rental gross margins have been 42% to 43% for five years in a row and thats through a pretty challenging industrial recessions, same holds true for EBITDA margins. I think youve been at 48%, 49% for the last five years. So the key part of the message here that your margins are a heck of a lot more stable than people realize, can you comment on that and can you actually take margins higher from here? Youre more or less assuming it looks like 48% again for EBITDA in 2019.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Ross. Good afternoon. Its Jess. Yes. We definitely believe that those margins are not only stable but that we can actually grow them. As weve talked about flow through just even as we look at 2019, weve talked about the acquisitions being a bit of a drag. But as those acquisitions continue to be integrated and we focus on the growth, the overall flow through of 60% across the core business just even mathematically means that we believe theres opportunity to grow margins going forward.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thanks. And then just lastly, when does specialty rental gross margins inflect positively began? I think theyve been down for a few quarters and like in the fourth quarter at least, they dont look that different from the gen rent margins and we realize some of that might be Baker in M&A. But when do we see a positive inflection in specialty gross margins?
Jessica Graziano: So I cant pinpoint one specific quarter for you, Ross. But as we talked about, Baker is a drag on those margins. As we continue to integrate that business, you will see the inflection as we anticipate growing those margins in the future.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. Jess, you just mentioned kind of core incremental for next year at 60%, or at least you said framework-wise, you think at the core of 60. Unless Im doing the numbers wrong, if I think of just the incremental, not the full year, the incremental business in '19 from BlueLine and BakerCorp, It seems to be implying the incremental is more like low 50s. Im trying to add some of the savings that you spoke of on top of the core margins at both Baker and BlueLine and Im just trying to understand, is that lower 50 number a reflection like what happened in the fourth quarter or assuming lower margins on the used equipment? Im just trying to understand is that maybe conservatism in the guide or something Im missing about the incremental at a core basis?
Jessica Graziano: Yes. Hi, David. So I think the first caution I would give is on the midpoint. Obviously, if we use the midpoint that is going to connote a specific number. If we look at the contribution that were expecting for the acquisitions in '19, and we also adding the synergies that we expect  what we expect to realize within a year, excluding those, we are still plus or minus closer to 60% across the core.
David Raso: Okay. I can take this offline just because I would think youre getting incremental sales about 8.75 from BlueLine and Baker combined, just the incremental. Im just using a core about 40 on BlueLine, add 20 million of savings; 28 on Baker, add 12.5 of savings. Im just coming out with the core business seems a little bit light and I just get  Im not trying to characterize it as pessimistic, conservative, just the framework, am I missing something on the numbers. But we can take it offline. Youre still going with the idea your guide midpoint implies core incremental at 60.
Jessica Graziano: Closer to 60, thats right. Yes.
David Raso: Okay. And my second question as you  in the slides youre targeting at year end the leverage down to the low end of your range, right, the 2.5 --
Jessica Graziano: Yes, 2.5, thats right.
David Raso: How should I think about  and again this is obviously conjecture looking out a year, but for what its worth some of the construction spend forecast that you put in your slide show 2020 is a slower growth year for U.S. construction spending but still positive. So when I think about CapEx needs in 2020, I would think theyre at a minimum no greater than this year necessarily. What do we do with cash flow as just the base framework? And again just  look, we have to model past one year. If youre at the low end of your leverage at the end of '19 and youre going to generate  we can talk offline about all the puts and takes of cash interest and cash tax changes, but how should we think about the model going forward with, all right, were at the low end of the range on leverage at the end of '19, how do we think about deploying 2020 cash flow?
Jessica Graziano: So obviously we havent locked in on a plan for 2020, so I dont want to speculate on this call. But were always coming back to our capital allocation strategy and what we believe is appropriate for the business given where the business is at that time. So were very comfortable with where the leverage range is right now at 2.5x to 3.5x. We know that well be at the closer end of that range should '19 play out the way we think it will right now. And we have discussions with our Board formally through the year about whether or not there should be any change to our direction on the way we approach our strategy. So theres no change to talk through right now, but we  obviously well have those discussions with our Board as the year plays out.
Matt Flannery: And I would just add  go ahead, David. Sorry.
David Raso: I wanted to ask you a question [ph], Matt. Obviously, Mike will still be in there as non-exec chair but if you want to add your two cents on, youve seen the reaction to the share repo, the stock is still from a historical perspective with this cash flow yield still very low. How do we think about the stock still viewed in this manner? Is there a toggle here between  theres obviously some scale logical consolidation thoughts, but maybe the right thing to do and youve seen the reaction of late, maybe just keep buying back your shares. Im just trying to get maybe the transition of CEO your two cents on the tape here of how do you think about this valuation versus consolidation angle?
Matt Flannery: So I think the prioritization of what we do with our free cash flow remains the same. So it has been a big part of the strategy, so it will be a little disingenuous for there to be a major pivot. If there was, I should have spoke up sooner during my current role. But I think that the prioritization certainly influenced by what we think the end market looks like in the next 12 to 18 months and thats how weve made our decisions for '19, well go through that same process. But organic growth primary looking for any opportunities whether they be tuck-ins  I dont know at this point if Ill say too many transformational M&A, but looking at M&A its got a higher threshold at certain points in the market. And then how do we do the combination of paying down debt if our leverage is already in a good spot. Then we look at how do we return cash to shareholders? And that as Jess appropriately said something that we go through our Board. But I wouldnt look for a major shift in strategy. And if we do develop strategy, well certainly as always communicate.
David Raso: I appreciate it. It was a bit of an unfair question but just given obviously some of the management changes and the recent repo announcement I thought Id just give you the platform to answer it as you wish. So I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, David.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Good morning, everyone. My question is going to be on customer retention or expansion and acquisitions. And its what weve gotten from investors recently as you look at the acquisitions youve done in recent years, including BlueLine, you have the opportunity to sort of gain loyalty through better execution maybe through some of the IT things you talked about at your Investor Day on benchmarking and providing more value to people, and the only opportunity to lose customers as they maybe dual source versus what they had then. So would you comment on just your trend on customer retention through the acquisitions youve done in recent times? Thanks.
Mike Kneeland: So as you know, Rob, weve done nine acquisitions in the last two years and we model each one of these out just by the spend and within that is customer retention, cross-sell goals, how can we take our value prop on this base of customers that we acquire and make it accretive? How can we be a better owner of the business? Weve been very pleased with our ability to do that. I think that one of the primary reasons is the breadth and depth of our offering. Theres nobody else that could own these businesses that we buy that has that opportunity, that muscle to flex and I think its been a big secret to our success and something that were really focused on. It starts with retention of the employees and retention of the capacity that you acquired as well and those are our two biggest focuses in the first days, not even weeks, days of integration. How do we make sure we maintain the relationships, the capacity that we bought and leverage it into growth? And you hit on the head of that manifest itself in customer retention and customer cross-sell. So we feel real good about it. Its a huge focus for us.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. And then just any early look on how BlueLine is going with respect to that and operational improvements? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. Were really pleased with the BlueLine integration for the first couple of months here. Well have  as I mentioned in the script, most of the structural decisions have been made and theyll be  if they havent been executed already they will be by the end of Q1. And then the next phase as we get into the seasonal strength of our build is when well really see how we leverage those additional relationships, sell more value into those customers that came with the BlueLine team. And were looking forward to that. Wed love to buy every company in April when we get to the seasonal build because we wont really be able to take advantage of that scale we bought until April when the seasonality kicks in. So looking ahead to that and looking forward to it.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe ODea from Vertical Research Partners. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Joe.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Joe.
Joe ODea: Hi. First, Matt, I just want to go back to an earlier comment you made on acquisitions and you think about how active the company has been over the past couple of years. But just to kind of gauge what your appetite is at this point and how that kind of carves out between what you talked about in terms of transformational versus bolt-on and just how youre sort of generally approaching the M&A kind of opportunities?
Matt Flannery: Sure. Well, if you think about that in the last 24 months weve bought three of the Top 10 in the gen-rent space, youd have to imagine at this point were looking at opportunistic tuck-ins and certainly anything that broadens our offering, such as you saw with Baker. Anything in the specialty space is something wed be more focused on. But it has to still meet the three strategic levers that weve always talked about, the three points of entry. And I would say that the financial bar has to be higher right now. Weve got a lot on our plate. Were doing a great job absorbing it, but we still have opportunity to grow off this new platform. So that raises the bar a little bit on M&A as far as what has to be done. But were still willing to look at tuck-ins, looking at opportunities to broaden our penetration and our offering. So I would just say a higher bar.
Joe ODea: Got it. And then a second one just on fleet productivity and any details and how you kind of evaluate that internally? I would think generally I targeted a minimum to offset inflationary pressures, but when we think about all the factors involved just trying to get comfortable with what the right kind of bogey is or how you think about whether youre meeting targets there or missing?
Matt Flannery: So  and Ill ask Jess to take you through some of this as well, but when I think about it qualitatively, its real important to explain. I think Jess did a great job in her opening remarks, but remind everybody of why were doing this. Its because the other metrics that we were giving on their own out of context dont show what were really doing in the field every day. Ive often given the example of a 60-foot boom versus a light tower. If we rent 10 60-foot booms last year and I rent five this year at the same rate, it just shows up as a zero impact to rate. The volume doesnt change, nothing changes. If I flip my  Ill use light tower as a high return example of a category. If I switch my  if I double my light tower volume, but at the same rate as I did the previous year, shows no impact to rate. Actually the mix of those two 60 booms usually have higher time utilization. Light towers have lower. Wed have a negative impact on time. Yet the business decision would bring us more profitability. Thats captured in mix. Thats really just to put it in a simplistic operational view why were introducing the new metric. All that value that we created in that fleet ship gets hidden in the metrics that people were focused on. So we had to look in the mirror and say how can we put together a more comprehensive view of the benefit of that decision. They all foreshadowed a little bit at Investor Day if you remember a couple of slides and weve done  the teams done a lot of work on that since then and thats why were introducing this fleet productivity metric. We think it really captures the overall view of the decisions that are made in the field day-in and day-out. Jess, I dont know if you have anything to add?
Jessica Graziano: So what Id add to that is, as we think about fleet productivity, its going to help from a communications perspective and giving insight to how were managing across those levers that we talked about. The math behind it is that its really aggregation of change in rate and change in time and change in mix. And so throughout the field were still going to be focused on each of those levers and how we can use them to continue to focus on profitable growth, and then ultimately decisions that with those levers are going to optimize returns. But in bringing them together into a fleet productivity metric, it allows for us to communicate how those three levers have kind of played against each other, the interplay across the three of them. When you think about it from a consolidated perspective, what that also does is it helps us to make sure that our capital decisions, right, that change in the OEC that youll see is a separate component of how we talk about rental revenue, it will help us to make sure that were optimizing our decisions specific to whats arguably one of the most important decisions we make in the business which is how much capital were going to buy and sell.
Matt Flannery: Rob, Ill take this opportunity to remind everybody. To be clear  Im sorry, Joe, to be clear, this is very much impacted by our focus on managing rate and time. So theres no change in that philosophy, just more comprehensive and I want to share that with everyone. Itd be a big mistake if somebody mistook that were getting away from managing rate. Its still a great lever for us.
Joe ODea: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Steven.
Steven Fisher: Hi. Its good to hear that the macro is broadly positive, but theres still some investor concern about the private non-res side of construction being a little bit softer as we go forward here. So in the event that we were to see that decline a little bit, maybe Matt could you maybe rank for us what some of the most top few impactful initiatives would be that would drive some growth ahead of what that market would be, be it cold starts, cross-selling, verticals expansion or anything else? And if you could kind of quantify what you think the revenue impact of those top kind of two or three could be, that will be helpful?
Mike Kneeland: So, first of all, all the impacts are embedded within the guidance that we gave. So I wont get into parsing out what participation each one has numerically. But I would just say our overall portfolio; our continued focus on cross-sell, our continued headroom in the end markets that we serve organically, even more so in specialty, and then last would be any opportunities to add products and services. Were building out our onsite services platform right now. Thats a great growth opportunity. It also further provides service to our customers as a one-stop shop. That kind of cross-selling has been the secret sauce to our success. And its a differentiator because not everyone can do it. Matter of fact, most cant as broadly as we can. So thats how we look at the levers, Steve, and I think that thats the way I would characterize it.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you. And then just to follow up on Joes question there about fleet productivity. Just wondering how we should think about the pace of fleet productivity thats embedded in your 2019 guidance? Is it expected to be in sort of this low-single digit growth range? How lumpy might it be quarter-to-quarter? Is there sort of just kind of a general range that we should be thinking about?
Jessica Graziano: Yes, so  hi, Steven, its Jess. So were not going to guide to that number. Thats going to be more of an output each quarter as to whats happened in the aggregate across the rate, time and mix. So I definitely dont want to try and put a number out there. I will  just as folks are going through the information weve put in the investor presentation, I will just note that the as reported fleet productivity will continue to be impacted by our acquisitions. They will be a drag on what the total productivity number is. So let me give you an example. Youll see in our investor presentation that the productivity on an as-reported basis is 1.5. So thats got a little bit of a drag from the acquisitions. On a pro forma basis, that number is 3.9. So well give context to fleet productivity going forward when we give the quarter. But at this point, were not going to guide to it.
Matt Flannery: And I think thats one of the reasons why were going to continue to give the quarterly rate and time for the first half of '19. It will help people get to reconcile how theyve thought about the business, how were continuing to focus on the overall returns. But also it will help some of the M&A noise flow through the numbers and well get a little bit more stable because you could look at the history here on Slide 36 and why we called out the M&A. It does make the numbers a little bit choppy for a couple of quarters, then we integrate it into our network, we get the improved productivity and then we bought somebody else. So we think this will stabilize a little bit and be helpful going forward.
Steven Fisher: Terrific. Thanks a lot.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Seth.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. How are you?
Mike Kneeland: Good.
Matt Flannery: Great.
Seth Weber: So, Jess, maybe just  I just wanted to go back to some of the EBITDA pull through questions. Is there anything that we should be thinking about that will weigh against the core number, whether its higher incentive comp or mix that you are anticipating being an incremental headwind that could weigh against that 60% core number for 2019?
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Seth. Honestly, there is nothing that I would call out that has any kind of a significant effect year-over-year within '19. Nothing that  outside of the impact of the acquisitions on total flow through, that 60% or something close to that 60% across the core, doesnt have anything that needs any kind of call out.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just a question on CapEx. The 2.2 billion-ish that youre talking about from a growth CapEx level for this year, is it possible  maybe its a question for Matt or Dale if he is on, just kind of how much of that is committed at this point and how much flexibility you have to change that number if you see market conditions changing versus what youre thinking today?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. So we do have a lot of flexibility. Depending on the vendor, we have 30 or 40 days cancellation policies. But weve also got a lot of pre-buys out there. The pipeline is build for us to be able to be responsive in the peak seasons of Q2 and Q3. And then we make the appropriate  as we see the seasonal build of Q2, Q1 is kind of locked in. Theres nothing in Q1 that would make us change our view to be overly optimistic or overly pessimistic to be frank. But as we get into the build of April, May and into June, well need to pull CapEx forward or delay some CapEx. So those are the levers that we use. Weve got great relationships with our partners to be able to do this. And its part of why you keep hearing us talk about flexibility. And if we start to move towards the top end of our range that weve guided and we see the demand for the next 12 months continues to be robust, well pull some forward. And then as we get into Q4 as we did this year, well continue to fund. If the opposite is true, we have that flexibility to respond. So were really comfortable within that spend bucket that we can be very responsive even within, lets say, 70% that we pre-slot for. Those are pre-slots to reserve, not necessarily commitments to buy.
Seth Weber: Okay. So thats a fair number. Is that kind of a similar number to where we were at the same point last year? I guess 70% number is pretty normal for you guys sitting here at the end of January then?
Matt Flannery: Yes, our planned number. Its usually  this is something that we finish before the new year. So our process hasnt changed.
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. And the cadence for spending should be pretty normal quarter-to-quarter?
Matt Flannery: Yes.
Seth Weber: All righty. Thank you very much, guys. Appreciate it.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Ramsey from Thompson Research. Your question please.
Steven Ramsey: Hi, everybody. Also wanted to think about the CapEx topic. I guess in flexing CapEx, is there a scenario or likelihood that you would pull back gen rent CapEx and maintain or grow the specialty side, or to kind of ask it another way thinking longer term, do you expect specialty to be more or less resilient from a cyclical standpoint?
Matt Flannery: So we already  so just as a note, about a third of our growth CapEx this year will go toward specialty. So thats  we pretty much fund the specialty growth, not just for the cold starts but that continued organic growth that the team is driving over and above their 20%, 23% average of the company today. So thats how we continue to fund that robust growth, because its a great business decision for us on many levels, strategically and financially. As far in pulling back the gen rent CapEx, that would be a separate discussion on seeing if we were having opportunity or challenges in the gen rent business market-by-market. Thats the way we manage it. We review it regularly. But its important to understand these are all mostly the same customer base, so they are very connected. And strength of one helps strength of the others. So I think thats just important to note, report them separately. Weve really intertwined these businesses together as one United Rentals value prop.
Steven Ramsey: Got you. And then thinking about  I know youre upstream exposure is not large, but it wasnt that large in the last downturn. So youve talked about that market continuing to perform well. But if the choppiness does turn into you guys or even others pulling fleet out of those markets and creating an oversupply situation like a few years ago, how do you think that impacts you guys now given where your fleet mix is and being just a bigger company in general?
Mike Kneeland: So just to clarify a data point for you in case you didnt have it, so its about  we have about 5% exposure to upstream oil and gas which is primarily where everybodys worried about and I believe what youre asking about, thats less than half of what it was last time back in '14, '15. I also think the industry doesnt have as much exposure for a couple of reasons. First of all, the end market is not trading at that premium that it was then. So your tradeoff of how much fleet youre going to put in that end market versus other opportunities is not out weighted in pricing and returns. Its more like the rest of the business. And I also think to give that industry kudos. I think theyve done a better job of driving productivity in their exploration, in their drilling. They get more pull per pad. Theres all kinds of innovation going on in that space where they dont need the equipment that they needed for each, Ill just say, barrel of pull in the past. And I think theyve lowered their cost to pull in some of the more mature [indiscernible]. I think the industrys in the same position. So were not worried about an oversupply. If something did collapse, which were not seeing, we saw 5% percent growth in Q4 and 4% sequential growth on our upstream oil and gas in Q4. So the true momentum is still positive, but were not getting overly weighted in that category and I think the industry is also very conscious of that.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. Thank you.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. And Mike and Matt, congratulations and best wishes in your new roles.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Jerry Revich: Over the course of your tenure in your prior positions, the companys profitability and free cash flow profile has meaningfully improved and Im wondering if you folks can talk about in your new roles what are the strategic signposts, if you will, of what you expect the company to look like if were having this conversation in five-plus years? What do you hope to accomplish with the business from here? I appreciate were coming from the Analyst Day just a little while ago, but it was before the formal announcement. So Im wondering if you could just step through a few talking points on that front.
Matt Flannery: So Ill tongue-in-cheek a little bit here. I think  I would love to say Mikes going to expect more now that hes Chairman, but frankly he did that when he was CEO as well. So he was always driving us forward. But I think the company that we created and the trajectory of the strategy has a momentum to carry us forward. We are constantly looking at new opportunities. I think you see just in our guidance here in '19, in the near term we think there is more headroom in our existing space. But were looking at new opportunities, whether theyre adjacencies, whether there is opportunities to expand in different products and services for a same customer base or just the continued secular penetration that we think is still there for an industry thats maybe 50% penetration right now. So we dont think that our strategy needs to change. It needs to involve and enhance and our investments in productivity and technology that weve made internally, we think we can turn outward now and help drive better performance, better productivity for our customers. So thats one of the areas that were focused on. Our scale gives us that opportunity to invest and innovate in technology and that I would call out as a primary focus if I was going to call out any single one.
Mike Kneeland: Jerry, I would only add that Matt got that completely right. The company over time  our cap structure is solid and we are a cash generator and we are focused on returns. But as Matt mentioned, how can we help and facilitate productivity and safety in the workplace? And thats where well turn to and Matt and team will work with the Board in developing that strategy and were very excited about it.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And separately on the fleet productivity metric, just as we all try to get calibrated on that metric versus the rest of rental industry metrics that weve been using, can you just talk about why dollar utilization was down year-over-year, but fleet productivity which also captures rental rates and utilization was up a few hundred basis points on a pro forma basis? Can you just help us bridge that and maybe flush out what makes improvement entailed, whether its specialty or otherwise just to help us better understand the transition?
Matt Flannery: Sure, Jerry. So first off, the dollar on a pro forma basis, which is probably the more appropriate way to look at it, was up 30 bips. The 80 bips was dragged down obviously by some of the lower dollar utilization assets from Baker and other acquisitions; by the way, high return assets as well, long-lived assets. So if anybody thinks that that balance was very  whats the right word, it was an important one for us in making decision on that acquisition. Also, its additional products and service for our customers. But to answer your question more directly, we feel that this fleet productivity measure is just going to be an accurate filter to look at the business through. We get that folks are going to need to be recalibrated. That is intentional, because we do need to be recalibrated. The specialty mix and that continuing growing specialty mix and evolution of our offerings has changed our company. Its made us more resilient. Its made us more diverse and we feel very strongly, its made us more profitable. Thats why were able to report record returns. So thats the way were looking at it and we will continue to be as helpful as we can to help the investment community through the transition and the evolution with us.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Jerry, its Jess. Id just like to add one thing. We know that as folks are calibrating themselves to the new metric, theres obviously the math behind how fleet productivity comes together. What we will do after the call is well actually add a cheat sheet to our investor presentation that walks through the math behind how we used to reconcile OER in total rental revenue and how the new bridge to rental revenue will look like using fleet productivity as a component of OER. So everybody can look for that cheat sheet to be up very soon after this call is over.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate it, Jess. And the short answer is specialty mix is whats driving that gap though? I just want to make sure Im drawing that inclusion right from your comments.
Matt Flannery: Sure, mostly. But as I gave you the other conversation, we look at mix within our gen rent offerings. We look at mix within same categories. So its not just specialty. Specialty, as it grows larger than the company average, has therefore a larger impact. But its not just specialty. Its a strategic decision throughout our portfolio.
Jerry Revich: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Jessica Graziano: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks everyone for joining us this afternoon. Our fourth quarter deck is available to download along with the presentation from our Investor Day. And as Jessica mentioned, well be updating our new metric, so that well be out there as well. Any questions, please feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR, if you have any additional questions. And we look forward to reporting and talking to you again after the first quarter. And I want to thank everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer Jessica Graziano - Chief Financial Officer Matt Flannery - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ross Gilardi - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley Stephen Fisher - UBS David Raso - Evercore ISI Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Stanley Elliott - Stifel Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Steve Ramsey - Thompson Research Group Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys press release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys Web site at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentations to see the reconciliations from GAAP to non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; Jessica Graziano, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Mike Kneeland: Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. As you know, we often start these calls by talking about profitable growth. And today we have another strong quarter to discuss. We have measured our performance in concrete ways including our ability to get attractive margins and returns. In the third quarter, we achieved both of these objectives with results that were solidly rooted in a sustainable advantages such as fleet management, vertical strategies and productive gains as well as an effective strategy for M&A. Our acquisition of NES and Neff are still young but they are already returning good value for our shareholders. And then, Baker integration is going well as you will hear later in the call. Underpinning these initiatives is a robust endurable cycle that continues to propel industry growth. And it is important to note that we are outperforming both the U.S. equipment rental industry and the construction marketplace both of which are estimated to be growing in the mid single digits. By comparison, our pro forma rental revenue in the quarter increased by almost 11%. Let me mark this morning will be followed by Matt, who will talk about our operating landscape and by Jessica who took the reins as our CFO last week. Now turning to the third quarter results. Both total revenue and adjusted EBITDA increased significantly in the quarter. And our adjusted EBITDA margin improved by 20 basis points to 50%. Now, if we exclude the impact of Baker, we are up 80 basis points to 50.6% which would have been the highest margin in any quarter in our history. Looking at the underlying drivers, we had 7.4% increase in pro forma volume of equipment rental year-over-year and a healthy 2.1% increase in rental rates with gains across all 15 regions for both the quarter as a whole for each month individually. And we are growing our rate sequentially every month since March and the key point is that we have been able to convert these higher rates into stronger improvements in margin. The third quarter metric time utilization was 70.9% in the quarter, this was essentially unchanged from a year ago on a pro forma basis even though we had a spike in last September from the Hurricanes. So overall, remaining time utilization in the core business in a very high level. And as you saw in our press release, our underlying metrics did their job in driving returns and they point to consistently strong customer demand. Given these positive dynamics, we raised our guidance yesterday for full year revenue, adjusted EBITDA and CapEx. Our new outlook is based solely on our belief that we will outperform our earlier expectations of revenue and adjusted EBITDA. As for BlueLine, Jessica will give you the expected impact separately in her remarks. So operationally, we are well positioned to manage that growth. We built a powerful engine for organic expansion and for simulating future M&A. The discipline is that we even still through technology, process improvements and our safety culture have kept our priorities right in center while smoothing the way for acquired operations. In the third quarter, even with the integration underway, our team turned into excellent safety record. Our recordable rate in September was 0.74 and our rate for the year remains well below 1. So I applaud all of the employees for that. So in summary, all indications point to a solid fourth quarter with continued momentum. If anything, our avenues for growth have expanded given the recent investments we have made in our Gen Rents and Specialty segments. But not only larger, we are also more diverse in terms of the solutions that we will offer that makes us valuable partner to construction and industrial customers. At the same time, we maintain a robust capital structure and we are on track to generate significant free cash flow this year. These are all company specific strengthens largely independent of the macro environment. We will be talking more about our growth initiatives at our 2018 Investor Day that we will host in New York on December 11 and I hope you will join us there. For now, I will end my comments where I began. With the promise that we are flexing every muscle in our operation to drive attractive margins and returns. We are executing nicely on that goal and we want to keep raising the bar on the metrics because while we are gratified by producing strong results, will never be a 100% satisfied with them. Though, [all we] [ph] more that we can do and that's a good thing for our shareholders. So now I would like Matt to add his thoughts on the operations and Jessica will cover the numbers. So over to you Matt.
Matt Flannery: Thanks Mike. A minute ago, you heard Mike speak about our focus on driving returns and I want to use my remarks provide some specifics about how we achieve that particularly in terms of adding value for our customers. We feel strongly that we our broad offering of fleet, services and technology differentiate the United Rentals customer experience. And as you know, our specialty segment is a cornerstone of that offering. So let's start with that. Our acquisition of Baker adds new capabilities for fluid solutions while the segments robust organic performance in the quarter outpace the company as a whole. And things are going well with Baker and the combination is on track. The North American operations have been fully integrated and we plan to do Europe next year. We retained Baker's key leaders and the entire team has proven to be a great fit. They are excited about our initiatives from branch collaboration and they are sharing customers with our Gen Rent locations and we are actively engaged in the market for our new offerings of tanks and filtration systems. And looking at the specialty segment as a whole, we continue to gain critical mass. The Baker added 56 branches to the segment and we also opened an additional 26 cold starts this year. So together this brings our specialty footprint to 319 locations in North America with another 11 in Europe. And in the third quarter, specialty rental revenue increased over 39% year-over-year including almost 18% organic growth. And these numbers include a significant contribution from cross selling which grew nearly 25% year-to-date. Our investments in the specialty aligned well with our company wide commitment to drive returns in our core business while adding valuable services for our customers that's what the team is focused on maintaining our strong customer relationships through a comprehensive offering of products and services while keeping a keen eye focused on profitable growth. This goes far beyond our scale and service offerings. For example, we are growing our United academy curriculum which now stands at 435 training courses and we are continuing to develop our customer facing technology. This includes our digital capabilities including our proprietary total control software. And last month, we held our annual total control conference in Dallas for more than 250 customers who use that software. The agenda focused on digital solutions that help our customers drive productivity, safety and efficiency at their work sites. And the customers also got to hear about our technology strategy and we received a lot of great feedback from them. This was our 19th conference and our biggest one yet. The customers in attendance represented more than $400 million in annual rental revenue for us and it's a great example of how our technology is a differentiator. Earlier Mike spoke about company wide specific strengthens and how they exist independently as a macro, while these levers become even more valuable in the demand environment like the one we have today. Virtually every external sign post us positive for construction including the ABI and the Dodge Momentum Index construction employment data, project backlogs, our used equipment pricing and among other indicators, the industrial indicators are in the same camp. The various purchasing manager report such as the ISM and the Chicago PMIs are above 50 which indicates expansion. I'd also like to share some of the data points that underscore the broad-based nature of the cycle from our vantage point. In the third quarter all of our regions increased rental revenue year-over-year. The bulk of that revenue came from our key verticals within the construction and industrial sectors. In fact almost every vertical that we measure was positive for us year-over-year. For example, infrastructure is a vertical that's been giving us a nice steady trend up for a while now. In the third quarter, we saw sustained demand from infrastructure projects throughout multiple regions in both the U.S. and Canada. Project diversity is another hallmark of demand. On the West Coast, the tech giants are building data centers and we have four major airports that have work underway including a $14 billion project at LAX. And in the Gulf, there are continued opportunities across the entire petrochem complex from upstream oil and gas to midstream pipelines to downstream refining and chemical processing. And in Canada, our rental revenue growth stayed positive up almost 10% over the prior year. There are some big projects on the horizon in Canada as well including a massive $40 billion liquefied natural gas plant in British Columbia. We've been supplying the pre-work at that project for a while, once it ramps up, we expect to be onsite until about 2023. So that's a snapshot of our markets, healthy and growing. And if you ask our customers they'll tell you that things look good and our branches feel the same way. We're confident about the fourth quarter and believe the cycle has plenty of gas left in the tank. And next up for us is the BlueLine integration. And we're looking forward to welcoming the BlueLine team and moving into 2019 with a larger platform and even more capacity for Europe. Now I will ask Jessica to go over the numbers and then we'll take your questions. Jess?
Jessica Graziano: Thanks Matt and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to be joining the call as our CFO especially with such a solid quarter to discuss. One quick note before we get started. The numbers I'll be reviewing are as reported except for a few instances where I'll call them out as pro forma; the pro forma numbers include our two most recent acquisition Neff and Baker as if we own them a year ago. Let's begin with rental revenue. Rental revenue for the third quarter was $1.86 billion which is up 21.2% or $325 million year-over-year. If we break that down further, O-UR grew 20.3% which is an increase of $269 million that growth came mostly from higher volume which was up 17.8% or $235 million, rental rates contributed 2.1% or about $28 million. The impact from inflation on our replacement CapEx was a headwind. Call it 1.5% or $20 million. That leaves the impact of mix and other which was a benefit of 1.9% or $25 million. The positive change in mix is mainly due to the growth of our specialty business. Also included in rental revenue were re-rents and ancillary both higher this quarter as well benefiting from increased volume and the addition of Neff and Baker. Re-rent contributed about $9 million in the quarter and ancillary was better by $47 million. The majority of which is from higher delivery revenue coming in large part from recovering increased fuel prices. Now those numbers were as reported. But as Mike noted on a pro forma basis rental revenue for the quarter was a robust performance up about 11%. On to used sales which were essentially flat year-over-year. Adjusted gross margin on used sales was 50% that's down from 56.8% that's primarily due to the impact of selling the older fully depreciated NES fleet last year. What's important to note is the used sales market continues to be very strong. Our sales as a percentage of OEC was 58.2% and that's up 500 basis points. The increase was due to a strong pricing environment up 6% year-over-year. To a lesser extent, we also benefited from the mix of equipment we sold. Moving to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA of 1.06 billion was up $180 million or 20.5%. That came in at a healthy margin of 50% which was up 20 basis points and excluding the impact of Baker adjusted EBITDA margin improved 80 basis points to a record 50.6%. Let me walk you through the bridge on the changes in EBITDA, $158 million of the $180 million increase is from volume with OEC on rent up 17.8%, higher rental rates provided another $27 million while ancillary revenue was a benefit of $23 million. The impact from incentive comp was a benefit of approximately $10 million in the quarter. So in total, $218 million of contributions to EBITDA is partially offset by four headwinds. We estimate that fleet inflation was a headwind of about $16 million. The impact from used sales was about $9 million and our [merit] [ph] impact in the quarter was $6 million. So that leaves a $7 million decrease in EBITDA from mix and other that $7 million is the impact of carrying fixed costs for Neff and Baker that were not there in the third quarter last year partially offset by the positive revenue mix I mentioned earlier. I briefly mentioned EBITDA flow through for the quarter which was 51%. If we exclude the impacts from Baker and used sales to isolate our core rental business, our flow through for the quarter was 59%. So a good performance across the core businesses with operating costs coming in on trend and as expected. As for adjusted EPS, a good result at $4.74 compared to $3.25 in the third quarter last year, while $0.87 of the increase was related to tax reform that still left us with a healthy $0.62 coming primarily from better operating performance and that equates to a 19% growth in underlying [Technical Difficulty] Turning to CapEx. Rental CapEx in the quarter was $736 million up $164 million from last year. The increase was in response to the broad demand we're seeing as Matt mentioned. Our guidance for the year modestly increases the range on our growth CapEx spend to between $2 billion and $2.1 billion. Year-to-date growth CapEx was just over $1.96 billion. And I'll mention that we would be looking at lower Q4 CapEx considering the fleet we pulled forward into last year to support Hurricane Harvey and Irma. Free cash flow continues to be a good story even with the higher CapEx spend I just mentioned. Year-to-date at September 30, free cash flow was $568 million or down $66 million from last year excluding the impact of payments we made for a merger and restructuring. The majority of the $66 million decrease mainly stemmed from higher CapEx as well as the timing on working capital needs. These impacts were offset in part by the improvements in our adjusted EBITDA. Let's move to net debt and liquidity. Net debt at September 30 was $10.1 billion. That's an increase of about $2 billion since last September mainly due to the Neff and Baker acquisitions. Our total liquidity at the end of the quarter was $910 million made up of ABL capacity of about $836 million and cash of $65 million. Now turning to ROIC. ROIC for the trailing 12 months ended September 30 was up 210 basis points to 10.7%. Since we're still using different tax rates within that trailing 12-month calculation I will mention that ROIC would have been 11% or up 70 basis points had we used the 21% federal tax rate in all periods of that calc. So as Mike mentioned we're very pleased with the increased returns we've generated in the quarter. A quick update on our share repurchase program. Our new $1.25 billion program started in July, through September 30, we repurchased about $210 million worth of shares on that program and as we mentioned when we announced the BlueLine deal we expect to pause the repurchase program once the deal is closed while we get through the integration. I'll touch on the impact of our 2018 acquisitions. Baker closed on July 31, so we had two months of contribution in the third quarter. Baker added approximately $56 million of revenue and $16 million of adjusted EBITDA both in line with what we expected in the quarter. We're on track as far as synergies with the run rate of about $14 million so far and a million of that is already realized. As for BlueLine, we anticipate closing the deal this quarter, if we assume the transaction closes at the end of October, we expect that BlueLine will contribute in the neighborhood of $120 million of revenue and about $50 million of adjusted EBITDA to calendar 2018. We don't anticipate any significant CapEx spend for BlueLine before the end of the year. I'll finish with a comment on guidance. And just to be clear this guidance does not include BlueLine for 2018. Our new guidance reflects our increased outlook for total revenue adjusted EBITDA and CapEx. That extra CapEx will help position us for what we believe will be a solid fourth quarter while kick-starting 2019 and still delivering robust free cash flow for the year of between $1.25 billion and $1.35 billion. So quarter of excellent results in a favorable macro and strong positioning for 2019. And with that I'll stop and open it up for questions. So operator please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Great. Good morning guys. Thank you. Look I think the question on everybody's mind is used markets are extremely tight. You went through the numbers, your end markets sound like they're extremely robust. Why isn't pricing even better? And realizing that you don't guide on rate, I'm not looking for that but if you reading the tea leaves correctly on your end markets over the next 12 to 18 months like what sort of steady state rate environment you think we're in or are we in plus 1% to 2% or are we in flat, are we in declining? Thoughts on that would be great.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Ross. Thanks. So I'll take a couple of pieces of the question then Mike or Jess can add-on. But, when we think about rates, first of all, we don't -- we see this as a good rate environment. So positive sequentials throughout each month in the quarter is certainly extrapolated in our brain into positive rate environment. We guess that the pro forms or the year-over-the year -- on the year-over-year numbers whether pro forma as reported has some tough comps specifically in Q2 and Q3. So we see that that will moderate when we get into Q4. For example, if you lay last year's sequential rate improvement over this year's actual achieved for the first three quarters which we've been challenged that in itself may even be conservative. But for modeling purposes think about that last year's achievement would bring us a 2.1% rate for Q4. That would bring us into 1% carry over into 2019 and what we think as you've heard will be a robust demand environment. So to answer the latter part of your question we certainly do think that this is a rate accretive opportunity not dilutive. So that answers that. As far as the sequentials, no doubt August probably came in a little bit lighter than we thought. The reason we stopped giving guidance is because there are so many thousands of variables and inputs that go into this, that it changes. The good news is that's not an indicator of profitability, it's great directionally. If we had seen negative sequentials that would be a concern for us. But when we get to translate this rate experience into record EBITDA margin as Mike mentioned and high returns we feel very good about the end market.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks Matt. That's helpful. And then, Jess, you just broke out some numbers for your underlying incremental margin and the rental business was close to 60% x-used and x-M&A. What is your guidance embedding in Q4 on incrementals on the same basis?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Ross. Its Jess. So implied in Q4, if you use the midpoint and I always caution on the midpoint, but if you use the midpoint, the implied Q4 flow through is something in the neighborhood of about 62% and that includes the drag from the Baker acquisition. Obviously, they're coming in with their fixed costs and a margin that was lower than the core business. So if I exclude the impact of Baker in that flow through, the remaining flow through for the quarter ex-Baker is very high. So let me walk you through a couple of the impacts there. I'll remind you that we will anniversary the Neff acquisition in the fourth quarter. And so having done that we're going to have lower revenue growth quarter-over-quarter that's going to make flow through very sensitive to any changes in EBITDA. So for example, we've called out we have a benefit that will show up in the fourth quarter for incentive compensation. That number has dropped a little bit, but we're still calling that somewhere in the neighborhood of about $9 million to $10 million of benefit from that reduced bonus. That has a significant impact on the flow through for the quarter. So to the impact of net synergies that are kicking in. That was obviously realized within the quarter. So a couple of drivers there that that still maintain ex-Baker a pretty high flow through for Q4.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thanks. And just any thoughts on equipment installation into next year, realize, it's -- you're going to be going into that. But you didn't seem too worried about it last call that changed at all. Are you still expecting like a fairly benign equipment inflation environment despite all the call pressures out there?
Mike Kneeland: We feel the same way that we did in Q2 call. We've got some great partners, good vendors and we feel good that we will continue working together. And we wouldn't model anything differently than we had last year.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer: Good morning everyone. I assume your share price looks fairly attractive to you all. The question is a little bit as you integrate BlueLine it's a big deal, you don't want to get people nervous about how much that you carry et cetera. But do you have in mind like a threshold on that that EBITDA that you might feel like you stepped back in the market or maybe it's like a year and you're working on the integration and thinking about it or longer. Maybe just give us some sort of thoughts on how you trade those different opportunities off.
Mike Kneeland: It's a great position to be in as you pointed out. We do carry a lot of free cash flow. The way we framed it. We've said between 2.5 and 3.5 depending where you are in the cycle. We only finished out this year. You can do the math and see what we're going to finish out. And then, as we go into next year we're going to be very comfortably in that range. With regard to where the share prices -- the share price, we've been consistent not looking at that as we've applied our acquisition of the share repurchase program. It could have changed, it could, but right now I think it's going to be continue at a pace we've been doing. And if we change, we obviously will come out and tell you otherwise. But we don't look at that ups and downs as something that we need to have a knee jerk reaction to do something. But to your point, you have to stop think about it.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. And then you may not want to answer this question I understand but does the acquisition of BlueLine mean that you don't need to spend on growth CapEx in a healthy environment next year? Or should we assume that you can't operate the business as the business not on the acquisition?
Matt Flannery: Yes. I would think with everything you've heard us say about the demand environment, it would not be a good assumption to think that we're not going to put capital into the business. We feel very good about it. One of the reasons why we feel comfortable acquiring the company and even if you look at our pro forma not just our acquired growth this year, but our pro forma growth this year of 10.9% Q3 rent revenue I think that proves out where our focus is and how we think this larger footprint can only help us grow all about capacity Rob. The tech drivers, branch network and sales reps will bring onboard -- that give us more [indiscernible].
Jessica Graziano: And Rob just mentioned that -- as I know we talked about we're going to continue to be very disciplined in our approach to CapEx, right, so as we think about the planning process for 2019 and we decide where we think the year will go. As a management team we're talking constantly about whether or not that's the right level of CapEx for the business. And then, we are not afraid to flex up or down depending on what the business needs are.
Rob Wertheimer: So far looks good. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your question please.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. First question is just on kind of the margin path you're on, on EBITDA and trying to think about as we head into next year some of the moving pieces around deal synergies that should contribute I think ancillary that's been high this year and a bit of a margin dilutive effect there. BlueLine that might be a bit of an offset, but it seems like it's a set up for continued margin expansion as you move into next year. But just want to kind of get a better handle on that given some of the moving pieces and the deals in particular.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Joe. Yes. So we -- as you think about the flow through for next year. Yes, I think it's reasonable to think about the core business will perform at or kind of give or take a little better a little worse than where it is currently. We talked about a flow through of something in the neighborhood of 60% being reasonable for the core business. And that's not going to change. What will change is the impact that we'll feel from a full year of the Baker acquisition. And then, obviously, the impact that BlueLine will have on us in 2019 as well. And so, well obviously, we're going to continue to drive benefit through both of those acquisitions. There will be a dilutive effect at least in the short-term on the flow through for next year coming largely from those two deals. Now that's going to be offset in part by the synergies that we've realized from them in 2019. But again, there may be a bit of a drag.
Joe O'Dea: Got you. Net-net you have kind of a general sense of whether you can also derive with rate and core incrementals?
Matt Flannery: Too early for us to tell. We haven't even get a chance to really look at the -- under the hood of BlueLine, but we do think that will be incremental returns. So which is what we're really focused on that profitable growth.
Joe O'Dea: And it looks like the BlueLine margin that you're anticipating in 4Q is a little bit better than what you saw on the trailing 12 months when you disclosed that. Is that all -- that's all BlueLine efforts, that's not anything that you would be anticipating on sort of aligning them in your rate structure?
Matt Flannery: No there's nothing in there for BlueLine. So unless I misunderstood the question.
Jessica Graziano: Joe, as far as the 120 and 50 that I gave earlier, no, that would be them coming in with about a 40% margin which is consistent with what we've seen for them.
Joe O'Dea: And then just one on kind of the CapEx timing where 2Q and 3Q a little heavier CapEx than what you might normally do, I think in response to just like the demand environment. But then, some concerns that -- was that a factor on the sequential rate over the quarter. Any kind of insight you can give into some of those variables you talked about with rate and some of what would have been a little bit of a headwind on the sequentials because of those other variables?
Matt Flannery: Sure. No, we don't connect it at all. I mean when you have a rate pressure because of too much demanded, the gap is in whether you get 10 bps, 20 bps, or even 30 bps is positive is that you go negative. So that's why we're not concerned about that. And when we look at the markets overall whether you look by product category or you look by geography we're still seeing in every one of the reasons that steady improvement throughout the quarter on a year-over-year basis which is really what we focus on as a rate indicator. There's just too much noise in the input to individual months of sequential. And you're absolutely right, the CapEx was there to supply demand and as we said we think that demand turned into -- to profitable growth.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks guys. Just wanted to follow-up on the comment on cross-selling growing 25%. Was that all from the acquisitions that you guys have done from NES and Neff or you starting to see some organic cross-selling from some of the digital efforts that you've made on total control and UR control?
Matt Flannery: So I would say it's a continuation of the efforts that we've been driving for years, right. So we'll just get deeper and deeper into the organization and then some pick up to your point on the broader customer base that didn't have access to those. But it's definitely a both not a either or. And we continue to be very positive about what we can do now with a bigger fluid solutions. We think there's some more cross-sell opportunity for that group that that we should be able to improve upon 2019.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, just on your Gen Rent gross margins, I think they were up 120 bps year-over-year. Can you quantify how much of the benefit was just from lapping NES versus some of the items that we talked about last quarter freight and labor getting those some more in line?
Matt Flannery: I would say it's more getting our costs in line. We certainly do have a benefit as we sunset any of the acquisitions you just spoke about the flow through in Q4 when we sunset the Neff acquisition. But the real driver for the margin challenge in Q1 were those cost issues you pointed to and that we brought up and we've remedied those, feel very good about that.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Stephen Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just getting back to a little bit of the why on some of the rate trends here because back in April on this call we were talking about 2.5% to 3% rate growth being reasonable for the year with potential for better. And now it seems like we're closer to 2%. I guess I'm really just wondering what changed if anything in the marketplace or how you were actually managing it. They just seems a little bit early in the cycle for rates to be decelerating given how robust it sounds like the opportunity set is on project activity.
Matt Flannery: Yes. As I said earlier, rates were about where we expected. We see 10 or 20 bps as negligible as long as you're getting the robust real life time utilization. The margins that you need and the profitability you need. And admittedly this year was a much smoother than last year and that's part of the competition you see. If you recall last year and I think we even have it in the deck yet we are having on Slide 37. We really dug a hole in Q1. And then, we had to aggressively backfill that hole and you saw really low numbers in Q1 and higher sequentials in 2 and 3. This year was a much smoother curve. If you actually -- ironically January through September of last year and January through September of this year on an actual improvement basis stand right on top of each other. So we still see this as a good rate environment and think '19 will be similar.
Stephen Fisher: Okay. And then, maybe just on CapEx, if you could just talk a little about what the specific metrics are that you're looking that they guide the decision to increase CapEx. There are some that would feel that the growing CapEx is inconsistent with a moderating rate growth environment. But I'm sure looking at it in a broader way. If you could just talk to some of the specific metrics that tell you okay, we can still grow CapEx even if rates are moderating.
Matt Flannery: Its margins and returns, right. So that part of the challenge and why we stopped trying to forecast the individual operational metrics of rate and time. Don't get me wrong. We manage rate aggressively. We managed time very well and they're both very important indicators. But when you think about whether it's our mix impact from renting more specialty fleets that in itself a $25 million positive in the quarter has more -- much more impact and about equal impact to the 2% year-over-year rate carryover. So there's other variables when we look at how we can translate our business into the type of performance that we have than just the rate. So I guess the focus on it from an outward perspective I'll repeat we do not see that as a decelerating environment. We've generated as Mike said in his comments record EBITDA margin if you take out the impact of Baker and record returns even if you take out the impact of tax reform. So we really love the environment that we're in and think will continue to turn it into dollars for the company.
Stephen Fisher: Just a quick clarification on free cash flow. I think in the earlier this year you've talked about next year being potentially better than 2018. What do you think about that at this point?
Mike Kneeland: This is Mike. Obviously as Matt mentioned earlier, we're still going through, one, we haven't finished the year. Two, we're going through the budget process. But I think it's fair to say that will be better next year. That's a fair statement.
Stephen Fisher: Terrific. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: Good morning. Just a simple question. Just a level set expectations going into '19, the mix of your business, the customer size, long-term rentals versus short-term rentals. As you're going through the capital budgeting process, seeing the opportunities that contractors and customers are telling what they need for next year. Can you give us some insight on the mix of businesses to ration of rentals things that you're eyeing up already that can help us all level set how we think about the implications on time you rate and so forth just because few people are focused on rate new. At least help us some of those nuances that I could improve it, make it more difficult next year because mix obviously plays a big role.
Matt Flannery: Sure, Dave. This is Matt. So the customer profile continues to look similar, I think where there is some movement and I referred to it in the last answer is, as we continue to grow our percentage of specialty business not all that improvement in profitability that we get from specialty shows up in the rate metric I pointed to the $25 million a positive mix improvement in Q3 as an example. But also in time, specialty products are actually diluted or time utilization and we've been offsetting that headwind for years and we'll continue to do so. But it is by far a great business decision because of the profitability that it brings with it. As far as the striations of customers really we're getting growth and expect in 2019 broadly throughout our strategic accounts or national accounts and our local customers. And projects not too dissimilar from what we've seen. And when you think about our day, week, month mix very similar to what we've experienced. So not a lot of movement there. The biggest movement would be in the mix of our fleet dynamics.
David Raso: The growth of specialty above Gen Rent. What was the implications on rate not you on rate for the quarter. Just so again level set of specialties and we continue to be a focus to grow faster than Gen Rent that's a drag on this historical metrics that obviously the stock cares a great deal about. So if you can help us isolate a bit what mix is doing to those metrics. I think it behove all of us to understand what that specialty impact rates on for the third quarter.
Matt Flannery: So we've talk about the inputs that make it hard to forecast rate. It is exacerbated in specialty because you can price different service offerings in different ways whether it includes but doesn't include bulk and what kind how much is solution base versus asset base. It is actually really hard for us to predict. And we just respond to the customers need, price it appropriately, we don't really take that into account. Not that we don't pay attention to the rate and the year-over-year rate in specialty is positive as well and I wouldn't want to call that a drag. I just don't think all the value of a category is what I'm saying that it's not a drag overall in the year. It's not really a drag on rate, Baker will drag us a little bit. But that's okay, we'll get pro forma numbers and call that out. But I think overall, I wouldn't call it a huge variable as much as I would not fully appreciate the ancillary items and the mix positives that comes with specialty.
Mike Kneeland: David, the way I would -- Matt is exactly right. I think this is actually a great topic that we can have a discussion and point out at our Investor Day because we are changing the company. We've talked over the years. We're leveraging our customer and we're bringing that you know the specialty businesses into our customer base and we're growing it and the results are there and the returns are there to talk about. But I do think our Investor Day while we can spend some time on that subject.
David Raso: Yes. Let me look at the end of the day. We can talk about return on capital and cash flow we want, but you just beat numbers, raise guidance consensus probably going up and your stock down 10% I know there's some macro things going on obviously beyond your control, but appreciating how specialty -- and you're going to continue to focus on '19 to grow specialty more than Gen Rent. Understanding that I think it's pretty important to the story. Lastly, the M&A landscape obviously touched on a little bit earlier about looking at your stock and where the leverage is exiting 18 especially in pro forma thinking about BlueLine. But you said it yourself 2.5 to 3.5 leveraged based on where we are in the cycle. How should we interpret your view of M&A going forward and where you think we are in the cycle?
Mike Kneeland: So the cycle -- we still think there is live store cycle number one, number two capital allocation is extremely important whether it be fleet or acquisitions. And clearly, we've seen acquisition has an opportunity and we will continue to focus on that. We have a very robust pipeline that we were reviewing will be very disciplined in our approach and nothing's going to change there, but clearly we still very much in that game.
David Raso: Maybe ask more directly, if we're going to end this year below 3. Would you be willing to go above 3 times leverage next year?
Mike Kneeland: For the right acquisition? Yes.
David Raso: Yes. Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning. Good morning everybody. Sorry if I missed this, but just back on the specialty discussion maybe this is for Matt. Gross margins were down, I think 250 basis points this quarter. I think they were down a year-over-year, I think they're down 110 in the second quarter. Can you just give us some color on what's going on there, it seems like it's more than just Baker. And where do you see that kind of settling out.
Matt Flannery: Yes. So it is primarily Baker, so 170 bps to that is Baker. And then there's another 70 bps. I'm sorry. Do you have another point?
Seth Weber: 170 of the 250.
Matt Flannery: Yes. And then you'll believe it or not was 70 bps to that change. And what that means is fuels more of a pastor. So you get the revenue, but you don't get to profitability on it. It's a smart thing to do for us to recover that but it does from a margin perspective put some tailwinds on that. So 240 of the 250 bps explained by Baker and fuel.
Seth Weber: Okay. So then, -- so next year called back half of next year you'd expect margins to be flat to up year-over-year then I'd assuming fuel and whatnot as kind of
Matt Flannery: We still have to work through the Baker issue, we just don't know yet. Yes, when that anniversary, yes, yes, toward the back half of next year absolutely. And then, there's no underlying issue with the margins of our specialty businesses. They're still growing well showing great margins and very profitable for us.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then, it looks like you bumped your branch count up to 36 for this year, I think it was 18 as of last quarter's presentation. Is that organic or is there just -- any color you could share there?
Matt Flannery: Yes. So the real change there was we added some spot going business in our existing footprint. So it is technically right branch accounts or businesses that you write contracts out of, but we're seeing a lot of real estate so not a lot of additional costs here, but we think additional opportunity to serve customers with a broader product. That was the change from 18, that we are talking about.
Seth Weber: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stanley Elliott from Stifel. Your question please.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning guys. Thank you all for taking me in. Quick question, I think you may have spoken to it earlier, but in terms of resuming the share repurchase post BlueLine, how should we think about that timeframe into next year when you might look at resuming that?
Jessica Graziano: Hey, Stanley. It's Jess. So we're not sure exactly when that deal is going to close. And so what we will do is, we'll keep that program pause until we've had a chance to not only look under the hood of BlueLine but also assess our needs through the integration period. The plan is definitely to turn it back on once we've had a chance to do that. I can't pinpoint the time per se, but I wouldn't be surprised if you saw trying to get back on as early as some time in the first quarter of next year.
Stanley Elliott: Was there a kind of a window period where you were looking to complete it or was it -- if he could refresh my memory?
Jessica Graziano: So -- before the pause we had talked about finishing it by the end of calendar 2019.
Stanley Elliott: And then, lastly you talked about the cycle and the breadth of the growth that you're seeing in the momentum there. This is more like a just out of curiosity, but with more national account customers more larger customer more specialty more being intertwined with all these suspects, do you like the visibility into your business has improved with these changes? Just more curious than anything.
Matt Flannery: I would say overall we feel good about the visibility in our business. I would say some of the metrics in this call, right. So we're talking about a year. Let's be frank about it today. There is a way for us to maybe help everybody through how the impacts of all these acquisitions, different product offerings, different customer base broader customer base. I think we've got and will Mike or Jess maybe we can do this at Investor Day try to bring this all together and help everybody else see what it is that has changed and what should we be focused on. And then, therefore, you guys should be focused on. I think there's an opportunity there. But as far as for us what this really does is we think just makes us a bigger more important partner to the customers that we serve. By being a broader solution for that. And that's as well as profitable growth which is why we do them.
Stanley Elliott: No. I totally agree. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys. So can you give a little bit of color on the level of coding activity that you're seeing and maybe you can compare what you're seeing right now to the same time last year to get some perspective.
Jessica Graziano: So Chad, could you ask that again. I'm sorry. We didnt hear the question very clearly.
Chad Dillard: Yes. Can you give some color on the level of coding activity that you're seeing and perhaps you can compare what you're seeing right now to the same time last year?
Matt Flannery: Yeah. So I extrapolate coding activity to demand right not just the RFPs and the handful of quotes that are more formal than what we go out and do every day. We would say the activity is strong robust year-over-year perspective if you wanted to extrapolate our volume into activity. You'd have to say it's on a pro forma basis 10% higher, but we don't necessarily look at it from a quote over quote year-over-year. What has changed is where we're participating. So I would say we're getting more focused on certain verticals I mentioned infrastructure in my opening remarks but we're probably getting more than just product aligned geographic alignment but now vertical alignment and we're seeing opportunities to get further penetration in some verticals and we think that's what's helped driving our growth. I hope that's helpful. We just don't use that terminology of holding on a year-over-year basis.
Chad Dillard: Sure. That's definitely helpful. And then, also how big of an opportunity do you see with The Baker acquisition to reprise some contracts and have a similar question for BlueLine, and I don't know if it's too early to really trying to learn that.
Matt Flannery: It's certainly too early to ask on BlueLine. And as far as Baker, we see the opportunity here into broader solutions package solutions not necessarily individual pricing on a transactional basis. We see this as broadening a fluid solution sale as opposed to free bids and a buy type work.
Chad Dillard: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
Steve Ramsey: Good morning. It's Steve Ramsey on for Kathryn. I guess just thinking about Europe early days there I know but as you look ahead on Europe, do you think it will be more of a specialty focused region or do you see kind of over time there being a Gen Rent presence there. And then, just any learnings so far now that you've got it under your umbrella?
Mike Kneeland: Well, this is Mike. Obviously, it's relatively to the Baker acquisition it was relatively a small piece. We're very much in the learning stage. It would be premature to say anything else above and beyond that as far as how we would think about it. We do see the opportunity for Baker in Europe to continue to grow at very nice returns and that's where our main focus will be. But clearly, it's -- we're probably looking at sometime in the first quarter towards the mid to tailwind the first quarter, at least the first half of the year beginning to fully integrated with our operating system. So again, it's too early to tell, but we're still focused really in North America, still the biggest market for us.
Matt Flannery: I would just add Steven that we are encouraged by the level of talent we did acquire there and how we can leverage that to learn faster than we would have without is probably the opportunity.
Jessica Graziano: Excellent. And then, thinking about specialty cold starts for next year. Obviously a bigger amount this year than what we thought going in. Thus bringing in BlueLine change the need to have cold starts and instead you just add on the capabilities for specialty to the BlueLine real estate.
Matt Flannery: We'll make that decision. We haven't really decided on it regardless of where house it and how we resource it from the real estate perspective. We are planning on about another 25 cold starts next year in specialty and it going to bring out a great opportunity that we've utilized in past integrations. Sometimes we get to use some of the real estate that we get from an acquisition because they have extra capacity and sometimes we just have to go out and find real estate, but we don't think either way real estate will be an inhibitor force.
Steve Ramsey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning. In specialty real strong growth in same-store sales double digits. How sustainable is that. And then could you speak to the volume versus price mix in there what you have seen what you would expect to see going forward and how you think about managing that?
Matt Flannery: So as far as we continue to see more growth opportunity in specialty. We haven't filled out the footprints actually of any individual one fully. So there's wide space for every one of them, some are a little further developed, Trench has been our longest standing specialty business. So their networks a little more fully developed but still had some wide space and others. Baker being the most recent example have a ton of wide space. So with a specialty, we'll continue to be in growth mode for a while now. As far as pricing versus top-line revenue, they're pricing on a year-over-year basis is very similar to what the overall company's price is.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Following up on that how implemented is total control across fluid solutions. Obviously with Baker entering is that something you are going to be aggressively pursuing and how much of a differentiator can that be? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: So some of our customers that were already doing business with Baker were and were on total control for us have a very high expectation for us to do that quickly and we're in the business of meeting those expectations. So it absolutely needs to be integrated because the customers are counting on. As far as will be a further advantage to the value prop for the existing Baker customers that weren't doing business with us. We believe so.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Thanks appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning. Your ancillary revenue really accelerated this quarter. Can you just flesh that out a bit. Are you folks getting more success in pushing through transportation inflation than the past couple of quarters or is that a strict pass through and can you comment on the contribution from the specialty business in terms of contributing to that ancillary revenue performance this quarter and the sustainability of that.
Jessica Graziano: Hi, Jerry. You are right on point. The increase that we saw in the ancillary, the biggest component of that is the delivery revenue that's grown as a result of our being able to recover the fuel increases that I think everyone is seeing across the business and across the industry. So that is by far the biggest part of ancillary. As far as the breakdown of the specialty in that number, it's pretty much the same for the specialty businesses that would be for Gen Rent, our being able to recover that delivery, is pretty consistent. I wouldn't call out anything special for specialty and ancillary. I would just note again that the majority of positive mix that we had for the quarter was definitely coming from the specialty business.
Jerry Revich: And Jess, just a clarification. Were you more successful in obtaining the recoveries this quarter than in the past couple of quarters? In other words did the percentage of accounts that are willing to pay that increased for you folks?
Mike Kneeland: It's a very tangible thing to sell. All of our customers are dealing with the same issue in freight increases, fuel increases. So I would say we lagged a little bit in Q1 took a little time to catch up and then we talked about that on a Q1 call. And then we did a better job of recovering in Q2 and Q3.
Jerry Revich: And my follow-up on utilization Matt, you spoke about the storm comps, can you just talk about how that continues into October, so you folks had delivered fleet the third quarter which impacted utilization, I think a bit. So now that CapEx is slowing, should we expect utilization to be better than normal seasonality over the next couple of months? Give us some context, how you are thinking about it?
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure. So when we look at our pro forma which is how we always look at these metrics whether it's rate or time we were 0.4 positive in July, 0.2 in August and then you saw 0.7 negative in September. That's when we had the huge ramp up last year because due to Hurricane Harvey and to a lesser degree a little bit on Irma. We take that at about 50 bps of those 70 bps. We think that will continue in October just because of the comp issue. And then, it will start to moderate throughout November and be gone by the end of the fourth quarter. So as we go through Q4, we think that that comp compare issue will erode and will be back to par let's say by the end of the quarter.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question and answer session of today's program. I would like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
Mike Kneeland: So, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Our third quarter investor deck is online and available to download along with our deck describing the BlueLine acquisition. Hopefully, we will see you all at our Investor Day in December. If you have any questions or comments please feel free to connect with Ted Grace, our Head of IR, if you have any additional questions. So operator you can end the call now and look forward to our next meeting. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer Matthew Flannery - President and Chief Operating Officer William Plummer - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Raso - Evercore ISI Ross Gilardi - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Joseph O'Dea - Vertical Research Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley Tim Thein - Citigroup Stanley Elliott - Stifel
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the United Rentals Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys press release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the company's recent investor presentation to see the reconciliations from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on today. Earlier this month we announced our exciting acquisition of BakerCorp. Today the news is about our strong financial results, our continued confidence in this cycle and our many avenues for profitable growth. You've heard us talk about organic expansion, fleet management and our sales and service initiatives. In short, were leaving no stone unturned as we execute our strategy to balance growth and returns. Before I get into the quarter, a quick word about Baker. This acquisition is a highly strategic move on our part, we feel even more strongly about that today having spent an additional two weeks with their team. So Matt will bring you up to date on Baker in a minute and we'll  Id be happy to address any questions during Q&A. And just to be clear, any confusion that  about our revised guidance, it does not include Baker as we have not closed yet. Our guidance represents our expectations for a standalone business and in our press release we gave a projected impact of Baker for the balance of the year which you can add to guidance to help with your models. Now let's talk about the second quarter. It was a robust performance all way around by our Gen Rents and Specialty segments. When you look at the results, pro forma for the acquisitions, you can see the strength of the metrics behind our double-digit increase in revenue. The big drivers are 7.1% increase in volume versus 2017, reflecting an acceleration from the first quarter and a 2.8% increase in rental rates. Every one of our regions showed rates up year-over-year. While company-wide our performing time utilization was 69.2% tied last year's second quarter record. There's a lot of demand out there and were bringing all of our collective experience to bear in turning that demand into profitable growth. That's part of the reason why we are outperforming the marketplace. We are seeing not only the impact of a healthy cycle on our metrics, but also our experience in managing that opportunity. We believe that we can get more rate without sacrificing utilization and we are focused on operating as efficiently as possible. Yesterday we raised our outlook for revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and CapEx spend three solid indications of our confidence in this cycle and our ability to deliver returns. We are looking at over $7.5 billion of revenue this year and we intend to make the most of that growth. Another milestone in the quarter was the completion of our $1 billion share repurchase program and the launch of the new $1.25 billion program we announced earlier. So we are on track there too. And operationally I couldn't be more proud of Team United. We just delivered our 16th straight quarter with a record  with a reportable rate at or below one and our safety record speaks volumes about the caliber of our people. I'm talking about these things back to back to make a point. With us is not an either or when it comes our focus or the use of capital. In this case, were being very strategic about M&A, reflecting our CapEx to meet demand and were on track with our share raise program. And were keeping our eye on the ball with best-in-class operations. Matt will go into more detail, but before I hand it off, a final word on our end markets. You see the same leading indicators we do, virtually all of which are positive. We have the additional benefit of our customer surveys plus 15,000 employees with an ear to the ground. And from where we are standing, we see a healthy level of customer activity continuing to drive significant demand. Our performance in the first six months of 2018 and in particular the second quarter has set the stage for a strong back half of the year. We are meeting that opportunity on the front lines with size, diversification and a more customer focused organization. And these are the pillars to sustainable growth. Now I'd like to give it to Matt for his thoughts and then Bill will cover the numbers. So, over to you Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Mike. First I'll start with Baker and I'll echo what Mike just said, we're very bullish on the acquisition. This deal is exactly what were looking for in specialty and at a high level Baker and United both share the same space, but we each bring something different to the table. Baker will open doors for us with their bundled solutions for fluid, storage, transfer, and treatment and it promotes two-way cross-selling across the customer base. At the same time, it builds up our current platform for Pump Solutions. And we get a small but complementary toehold in Europe. Now our team has a long history of successful integrations and we'll be using our playbook with Baker for another smooth transition. Now I want to talk about the company as a whole. Mike hit the nail on its head with his comments about managing the opportunity and I'll give you some examples of just how broad-based that opportunity is. Our vertical markets are up across the board in construction and industrial versus 2017. And one big proof point is our own performance. In the second quarter all of our regions were up in rental revenue year-over-year and that includes Western Canada, which was up over 12% in local currency, and nationally Canada was up almost 15%. In the U.S. conditions are particularly strong in the Gulf, the South and the Mid-Atlantic states. And this cycle stands out to me for its diversity of projects. In the South for example, we've got equipment on all kinds of projects from convention centers to stadiums data centers airports even a nuclear lab. And believe me that list goes on. And in the Gulf, we are seeing capital projects in petrochem start up in the back half of the year and most of these should carry out into 2019. And we talked about this timing on our call in April and now it's great to see it coming to fruition. In the Midwest we've got wind energy projects underway and infrastructure is taking off. More broadly growth in infrastructure across our organization plays well into our focus on that vertical. Our acquisition of Neff last year added large equipment to our fleet and that's been helping us win in infrastructure. So what are we doing to capitalize on all this? We are managing the business with lot of discipline while continuing to make investments in long term growth. You can see that in our Specialty segment we've opened 13 cold starts so far this year and we'll add another 50 plus branches with the Baker acquisition. Specialty is something that we feel sets us apart from the rest of the pack. In the second quarter rental revenue from our Trench Power and Pump segment was up almost 34% year-over-year. The bulk of that increase came from same store growth. This was driven in part by cross-selling. Our cross-selling revenue is up 28% through June versus last year. And we are keeping the field focused on branch to branch collaboration and cross selling is one of the big payoffs. It's a key lever for us in both return on assets and customer service. Another major lever is CapEx. Back in January when we established our 2018 guidance we said that we wouldn't hesitate to adjust our CapEx up or down if necessary. Well yesterday you saw us respond to the high performance of our assets by increasing our CapEx guidance. And we're seven months into the year and we continue to see an exciting level of opportunity to put a larger fleet on rent. Now I want to step back on the mechanics of our business and step towards the customer. Recently we finished training almost 14,000 United rental employees as part of initiative we call One UR [ph]. We started this back in January. The One UR is a platform we created to remind each and every employee that there are important link in the value chain from our customers. Customer service has always been core to our culture and now we are taking it to another level. We want to win our customers' hearts and minds. So to engage our employees we held full day workshops with our frontline teams in every market to share best practices and explore new ways to improve our services. And when you When You Are is a great example of how we are making investments in our people. It's key to our strategy because customer service that's consistently head and shoulders above the rest earns us more business and more customer loyalty. It's a lever that's 100% within our control our people get that and they are fired up about it. So as you can see things have been busy around here. But we still stepped up and deliver the record financial performance. I know Bill has a lot to cover so I'm going to ask him to pick it up from here and then we'll take your questions. Bill?
William Plummer: Thanks Matt. Thanks Mike and good morning to everyone. Just to highlight the overall comment that I'll make here. The numbers I refer to are typically as reported numbers and to line up with what we file publicly in a few places if I refer to a pro forma number I'll call it out specifically. So with that, let's get started with rental revenue, as we always do. You saw that the rental revenue result, it was $1.631 billion in the quarter and that's up $264 million over last year, a 19.3% as recorded. Really, a series of key drivers in that result, starting with ancillary revenue, up $30 million over last year. And that's really driven by the higher delivery and fuel recoveries primarily, with the increased volume, part of which is the acquisition of Neff contributing in the quarter. So $30 million year-over-year from ancillary revenues. Re-rent was up another $7 million, again, given the volume and the demand we're seeing overall that drives the re-rent result. Owned equipment revenue grew through the following drivers: volume, OEC on rent change contributed about $187 million in the quarter; rate was another $33 million with a 2.8% rate result that we realized. We had our normal replacement CapEx inflation in the quarter, about 1. 5% of revenue, call it $18 million of headwind in the year-over-year reconciliation. And then, that leaves mix and everything else at a positive $25 million or 2.1% in the quarter. That's primarily driven by the shift in mix of our revenue, more towards our specialty regions, as Michael and Matt talked about, the very strong growth that we're seeing in specialty. So add them all up and you get to $264 million of improvement this year over last year. That revenue performance, by the way, on a pro forma basis was an increase of 11.4% in rental revenue, which again reflects the strong external environment as well as our investment in growth in that environment. Real quickly on used equipment sales. The second quarter delivered $157 million of used equipment revenue. That's up $24 million or 18% over last year. The adjusted gross margin result was 51.6% and that was down slightly from last year, primarily due to a change in mix of the equipment sold and a slight shift in the mix of channels that we sold through. It still represents a very strong used equipment market that we are selling into. Our proceeds as a percent of the OEC, the original cost of the equipment that we sold was very strong in the quarter, 58.7%. And that's almost 5 percentage points higher than it was last year. If you look at it in terms of the realized price on a like for like unit basis of our retail sales in the quarter, our pricing was up almost 7% in the quarter. So a very strong used equipment market and we're executing well in that market overall. Moving to adjusted EBITDA, $907 million, it was up $160 million over last year, about a 21% increase. And the margin in the quarter of 48% was up 120 basis points over last year. The key drivers in the bridge for that $160 million increase: volume, we're calling $125 million on the volume increase; rental rates call it $32 million over last year contribution; and the ancillary revenue that I talked about before, we're calling $15 million of improvement over last year. The used sales result was up about $11 million last year  over last year and the fleet inflation translates into about a $14 million headwind against last year for that 1.5% or so of inflation impact that we normally expect. We did have our normal merit increase and little bit of an increase in the bonus accrual. Those together are about a $7 million headwind. And everything else mix and all the others translates into about a $2 million headwind versus last year. Obviously with the positive revenue mix offset by still carrying the Neff fixed cost right we haven't anniversaried Neff yet as well as some incremental drag from the cost that we called out in the first quarter, which we will talk about a little bit more later. So those are the key points of the adjusted EBITDA bridge from last year. It drove a  an EPS result that's very strong overall $3.85 in the quarter. That compares to 2.37 over last year. And while that's supported by the change in tax law and a lower tax rate it still represents a very robust growth. So $0.70 of the 3.85 you could attribute to the change in tax rate but that still leaves a very robust increase over last year even excluding the tax rate impact. So that's the EPS story. A few comments on our cash flow performance. Free cash flow in the quarter was very robust leading to a year-to-date free cash flow of $703 million. That's a $74 million improvement over the year-to-date period last year. I'll call out that that does exclude the impact of the  excuse me  that does include the impact of the merger related and restructuring payments if you exclude those, which is the basis for our guidance, the free cash flow story in the first half of the year was $719 million. Key drivers of the year-over-year change in free cash flow are as you might expect the adjusted EBITDA improvement offset by the increase in net rental CapEx are the main drivers. And then puts and takes in the other lines of interest expense, cash taxes, working capital and everything else. Directly addressing the rental CapEx story, we spent a total of $946 million in the quarter on gross rental capital that's an increase of $252 million over last year. That's pretty robust spend and it brought our year-to-date CapEx spend to 1.226 billion an increase of $313 million over last year. That kind of increase in rental CapEx spend, the fact that we were flat on a time utilization basis year-over-year I think speaks to the strength of the demand that were seeing and our ability to execute with that kind of growth in our fleet. It's a very robust environment and our folks are really putting this incremental fleet spend on rent at a very high rate. Net rental CapEx when you exclude the impact of the used equipment sales was about $789 million in the quarter. And again that's robust increase from last year and supports the top-line growth that we deliver. If you look at our net debt position as a result of that cash flow performance, we finished the quarter with $8.9 billion of net debt that's up from last year about $1 billion and obviously reflects the impact of the acquisitions that we've done since then, in particular the 1.3 billion or so that we paid for Neff in the fourth quarter of last year. Liquidity in the quarter finished at just over $2 billion with $1.9 billion of that coming from availability under the ABL facility and the rest cash balance of about $117 million. Just quickly addressing returns for the quarter our ROIC in the quarter was 10% on a trailing 12 month basis and that's an improvement of 160 basis points over the prior year. Now since we used the actual tax rates that were in effect during the 12 month period when we calculate the ROIC it certainly had a significant impact. But if you assume that we have the current 21% federal tax rate in effect for all periods in that 12 month the ROIC would have calculated out at 10.9% and that would've been a 90 basis point improvement year-over-year. So however you look at it the return performance of the business is very, very strong. On the share repurchase we spent $168 million in the quarter on share repurchases and that completed the execution of the $1 billion share repurchase authorization. We finished that up in the month of June and if you look back over the entire $1 billion authorization the average price that we purchased that average out to $85.60. And the total shares that we repurchased totaled 11.7 million shares. In the month of July, we started execution on the new $1.25 billion program that the Board authorized earlier this year. We spent $24 million so far against that program and we continue to expect to execute that program on a fairly steady basis to complete by the end of next year. Couple of quick questions on the Neff comments on the Neff integration and Baker. The Neff integration is essentially complete and we've taken all of the major actions that we expect to take on Neff and continue to look at how we prepare ourselves to integrate the Baker acquisition. We expect Baker to close in the early part of this quarter let's call it the end of July just for the sake of discussion. And we expect that Baker will then start to contribute to our performance. You saw in the press release that we are looking for Baker to deliver around $140 million of revenue for the remainder of this year and call it $40 million of adjusted EBITDA in calendar 2018. We also expect to spend something like $50 million of incremental CapEx for the Baker acquisition by the time the year is out. And again I'll just repeat what Michael said. Baker is not those numbers are not included in the guidance that we gave for the standalone United Rentals we'll incorporate that once we actually close the transaction. On guidance you all saw that we increased our guidance for most of the elements of guidance that we give. I won't go through the numbers again but we certainly did increase total revenue adjusted EBITDA and our gross and net CapEx expectations we did not increase the free cash flow expectation. $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion reflecting the net impact of increased CapEx offsetting the increases in cash from operations from the improved profitability. So those are the key comments I wanted to make. Before I open it up for Q&A just let me offer one personal note. As you all have seen we announced that my retirement from United Rentals is coming up here over the course of the next several months. And this will be the last official earnings call that I do with you. Jessica Graziano will be in this seat making these comments at the next quarterly call in October. I just wanted to say to all of you who has been with us over the last 10 years that I've been around, thank you. It's been a great honor to work with all of you as investors and as analysts. It's been very interesting. Many of you we've seen frequently enough, so that you're almost part of the family at this point. You all should know that I'll miss the interactions with you, not doing it on a routine basis, but you all should also have very high confidence that the team weve built here at United Rentals and the philosophies that we put in place here at United Rentals will continue after I'm gone. We'll continue to take the investors' perspective. We'll continue to focus on driving top line growth with attractive returns attached to it. We'll continue to make good decisions about how we allocate capital and we'll continue to make prudent decisions about how we use the balance sheet to support our strategy. All those things are part of my legacy at United Rentals. I'm very proud of that legacy and I think you could all look forward to those thoughts continuing after I've left the stage. So with that I'll ask the operator to open up the call for questions and answers. And you guys will get your last shot at me. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question, please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you very much. I'm just trying to step back and think a little bit about the interplay between CapEx rate and you. I mean this year is shaping up to be, roughly CapEx up 7% to 10%, let's call you flat and rate let's just call it 2% to 3% roughly. There was a run last  early in the cycle this decade, you had a 16-straight-quarter-run where rates are up over 3% every quarter. You are still growing you and you are growing CapEx. I'm just trying to get a feel for the  how you view this cycle. I can appreciate you, on an absolute level, pretty high. The CapEx is, obviously, been at your discretion. And then, how much fleet you put in this quarter to keep you flat was impressive. But can you  if we kept this sort of flat you kind of model from here for a while and you're growing the CapEx, say, similar next year as this year how should we think about rate in that dynamic? I mean you can't think about rate in isolation, just as accelerating/decelerating, it's the other two variables that impact it. But when I look back at the 16-quarter-run where rate was above 3% and we haven't been above 3% once yet of late. Just trying to make sure we frame exactly how we should think about the rate environment, again, if you is sort of flattish and CapEx is growing similar to this year?
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. David, maybe I'll lead off here on this one. Always very difficult to say what the rate is going to be. And so I won't address the 3% specific number. What I will say is that, we believe that the demand environment is robust and will continue to be so for some time to come. And as long as you're not overwhelming the rate, the demand with excess fleet, then you should be able to continue to move rates higher. For us it's less about hitting a specific great number like 3% and more about are we delivering a rate progression that allows us to be efficient and prudent in how we add capital to the business? And that translates into profit and margin and return performance that's attractive, right. That's really how we are thinking about it. And so the rate environment we think will allow for that to continue. We have nice margin improvement and profit improvement in the quarter. We expect nice robust margin improvement and profit improvement for the full year. And we think that will carry over into nice return performance not only this year but next year. So I try not to get too focused in on one specific number and more is the rate environment that we have and expect can be commensurate with delivering the goals that we've set out.
David Raso: I appreciate the answer. That's what I'm trying to not do is look at one in isolation. But again if I just try to think about if I  again it's all how you try to manage it. But if were trying to think about you as a somewhat flattish dynamic, you have the CapEx lever to pull. But when I think about the level of rates so far, would you at least go as far  it's your last call Billy you can say what you want. I mean, are we able at least think of  and I know those rates were also helped by your coming out of the Great Recession, so I know rates got very low back in 2008, 2009. But is it inappropriate for us to think, if we think of the way you're thinking of the model, not saying you're going to guarantee your rate. But how your thinking about the model going forward if were running at a bit as we like to bring in as much fleet as we can that can keep you flat at a high level that should also then spit out variable number three that rate can go back above the 3% that we saw for 16 straight quarters between 2011 and 2014. I'm  just how your  theoretically how we should think about it?
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. The concept of what you're laying out is useful concept where I get tripped up David is just the attaching a specific number to it, right? Whatever the rate environment is, is going to be okay as long as it translates into the kind of growth and profit and return that we feel is prudent and available for the business, right? So if it's 3%, great. That's  you're getting it through a little bit more rate. But if it's 2.5% and you can manage through productivity or prudent investment in capital to translate that into profit and return performance that's attractive that's okay too. So that's why I'm having a hard time getting too tied into the exact formulation of the question is because the rate environment that we get depends how we view it depends on what we can do with it at the bottom line and in return.
William Plummer: And I think David, just looking at those 16 quarters you referenced and Im thinking  in isolation of the one metric and I'm thinking of what was the return profile at that point is also shortchanging, what were doing today when we are getting a good return on the assets still being very prudent about managing rates and time and everything that we do. But I don't think you can look at it without thinking about what was the return profile when we had to go after 3.3. And the word had is important.
David Raso: I'll leave it at this then. Would you say rate growth the way you're thinking of running the business have we seen the best of rate growth so how you're thinking about moving forward from the second quarter? Just so we are all clear obviously people they are concerned about April, May, June the year-over-year growth rate within the quarter's slowed a bit and I'm just making sure we don't look at this as yes two way pro forma reported that's how we think of the strongest rate growth we'll see if we run the model even just flattish and growing CapEx high single digit. Just want to make sure that we hear an answer on that?
William Plummer: So as you know David those year-over-year rate increases are as much a result of the comp on last year. So it was 3% in April where you had an easier comp last year especially coming off a poor Q1 better than a 2.5% increase in June will not realize we are actually achieving a higher realized dollar in that June number. So we don't -- we are managing the business day to day and we've always been this way. It's not the year-over-year number that says relevant to us that's impacted by comps as what's the sequential bill and when we look at this your first six month sequential bill of rate mathematically and qualitatively it is a better rate improvement for the first six months of this year than it was the first six months of last year.
Michael Kneeland: David the other thing I would say if the market is there and we have the opportunity we are going to grab it. We are going to go for it and that's we are not shy and asking for higher rate. We pride ourselves in making sure that we are going to capture as much as we possibly can.
David Raso: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Great. Thank you. Yeah, good morning. Bill it's been a pleasure working with you. Congratulations on all your success that you are eyeing. All the best in your next endeavors?
William Plummer: Thank you, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: I was just wondering if you could quantify some of the cost issues that weighed on your incrementals in the first half and I think you're implying something like a 75% incremental in the second half correct me if I'm wrong on that? But things like freight labor fuel I mean aren't a lot of these things out of your control, what gives you confidence that many of these costs won't continue to go up like the actually done to get your arms around that cost situation?
William Plummer: Yes just so Ross just a quick comment and I think Matt will join in as well. Yes. Some of them are 'out of our control' in the sense that we can't control where fuel prices go for example we can't control how we recover fuel charges from the customers who use the fuel. So that's something that we are always looking out very carefully to make sure that if our costs are going up we pass them along. We think that's a reasonable expectation and so the customers usually don't get too much. The freight cost that do get passed along to us when we use outside freight it's hard to fight too much against that but that said we do have the ability to use our own internal delivery capabilities and leverage that more effectively when those costs are going up. So that's what we're doing to try and address that particular cost item. And labor costs right our labor challenge has been about over time more so than wage inflation wage inflation has not ticked up significantly for us but our use of overtime is something that we have control over. And so being prudent about when we use overtime and how do we arrange our drivers and our texts to use them as productively as possible and cut down on the need for overtime is something that we could do here within the walls of United Rental. So those are the things that we're doing to address those cost items. And I think we've had some success here as we've gone through the first half and come out of it having we positioned ourselves so that our expectation in the back half is that our costs are going to look more like what theyve look like in prior years.
Matthew Flannery: Ross, Bill, touched on the key components. Just to put it from an operational perspective and from our point of view what we've done to repair, is when you think about the Q1 and some spill over into April on using third-party services for delivery, third party services for repairs, specifically major repair, it's our slow time of the season. And if I'll be candid, I think our team overused those third-party resources and they came with a large inflationary cost this year. That's what we needed to mitigate. We've in-sourced a lot of this work here in May and June and we've seen the positive results of doing that where are our costs look more in line with previous years as a percentage of either transactions or revenue, which ever you choose, do and that's what gives us confidence that weve mitigated it, but it also adds capacity. So that in-sourcing has additional value longer term for growth. Our team got excited to get ready for the ramp up to the year and wanted to get the fleet up and moving as quickly as they could and we have to stop the outsourcing. Inflation just prohibit it from being a profitable way to stuff done.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful. And then, I just want to run through some math. When you guys are going to do  you're guiding to $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of free cash flow in 2018. Youve got about $12 billion of fleet on OEC ex-Baker. I mean, fleet on OEC is growing 6% to 7% annually at your current annual run rate, net CapEx of like $1.3 billion. So you don't really have to grow CapEx in future years in absolute dollars to support 6% to 7% volume growth, just kind of like what you're growing out right now. So what I'm getting at, is there any reason to think why your free cash flow generation would not continue to grow with EBITDA in the coming years, barring any big unforeseen changes in tax items or restructuring or anything like that?
William Plummer: Yeah. What I'd say, Ross, is that we certainly will make our decision about how much CapEx to spend based on, not only the external environment that we're seeing, but also on the needs of the fleet for refresh. Right? The used equipment sales picture. And that CapEx decision will have an impact on exactly where we end up in free cash flow. That said, I think, it is fair to say that we expect a very robust free cash flow environment for 2019. Almost at any level of capital spend that we choose, were going to have a robust free cash flow picture. I won't go to the exact number, but it will be very strong and we'll continue to use that very prudently as we invest for the company's future.
Ross Gilardi: I wasn't trying to pin you down to an outlook, I just  was there anything flawed in the way of thinking about it? Obviously, that the  all the assumptions on CapEx are dynamic but?
William Plummer: No, nothing flawed in the overall frame that you laid out. And obviously, we'll talk about more specifics in 2019 as we get closer to it. Or I'll say, Jessica will talk about it.
Ross Gilardi: Great. All the best, Bill. Thank you.
William Plummer: Take care.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber: Thanks. Good morning. Bill it's been fun. So I just wanted to go back to the incremental margin question. I mean, just very specifically, I mean you've talked historically about this being a 60% incremental pull-through margin business. Is there anything that would cause you to kind of move off of that number? And specifically my question is the margins for the specialty business were down year-over-year this quarter? And so given that you're pushing the specialty business more going forward, I understand that the returns on specialty are quite very attractive, but I'm just trying to understand is this still a 60% EBITDA pull-through margin business in your mind?
William Plummer: Thanks, Seth. So a couple of points. I'd say 50% and we've always said this right? 50% is not a bad way to think about the incremental margins available in this business. So I'll say that full stop. But you got to make sure that you understand the ins and outs. It's a very sensitive calculation you heard me talk about that before. That said I think that's a reasonable starting point. It certainly is going to be impacted as we grow specialty disproportionately and that's something that we want to make sure that were mindful of us to think about its impact on flow through, but the reality is specialty growth is a unilaterally or an unalloyed good thing from a top-line perspective, from a margin perspective, from a return perspective. So we want to keep going as rapidly as we prudently can. With regard to specialties gross margin performance in the quarter specifically. It was impacted in this quarter and will be impacted to probably a lesser extent as we go forward by increased depreciation, right. Gross margin so depreciation is in there. That depreciation is heavily driven by the Cummins acquisition, right. We bought the Cummins assets in the second half last year, and that depreciation is showing up more and more in the TPP segment margins. That's a major impact there. We also had a lot of pull-starts and you all know that the pull-starts margin performance early in its life will way down. So as you have relatively more of those it tends to depress the margin results until those cold start locations mature. So those two dynamics were really at play in the segment margin results. It still is a very attractive business specialty I'm talking about. It still delivers incremental returns and profitability and margin and so that growth story I think you'll see us continue to emphasize go forward.
Seth Weber: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then as we think about the anniversary of the Neff acquisition, which I guess is the fourth quarter, I think the number you had talked about originally was $35 million of savings on a full run rate basis. Is there any help you can give us as to how much of that you would expect to realize in the fourth quarter  by the fourth quarter?
William Plummer: From Neff itself? Is that your question?
Seth Weber: Yeah. I think it was a 35  wasn't  is that not correct 35 million saving  synergy number?
William Plummer: Yeah, that's about the number. So call it an impact in the fourth quarter of about $9 million or so from the synergies associated with Neff.
Seth Weber: Okay. So by the fourth quarter of this year, you should be at that kind of $9 million $10 million level?
William Plummer: Yes. We certainly should be there. We are not too far away from that as we speak. So I'll point out a couple of things as regards to the incremental margins in the back half of the year just so that everybody hears this at the same time. The Neff impact of anniversarying that acquisition will be a significant boost in fourth quarter flow through. And I'd just remind everybody of the mechanics of that in the year-over-year comparison which flow through is in the fourth quarter of this year we will then have the fixed cost of Neff in both periods and so as a result it won't represent as much of a weight on flow through as it has in the prior period. So that will boost the flow through from the Neff acquisition mechanics. The other point that we mentioned in the first quarter as well is that our bonus accrual this year is going to be down from where it was last year last year was a record payout for us. We are improving something that's closer to a normal payout for us this year. That impact over the entire second half is going to be something like $27 million. And the dollars will probably be about equally split between third quarter and fourth quarter. So that's going to be a boost in both third and fourth quarter just from that factor alone. So those are the things that we think will help support the back half flow through to drive it up toward the range that we've given as our guidance.
Seth Weber: Perfect, okay. Thank you. Thanks Bill very helpful. Okay, take care.
William Plummer: Thanks, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question, please.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, good morning everyone.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: So my question is on learnings from acquisitions. You touched on Neff kind of enhancing a little bit in dirt the infrastructure position. And I wanted to see how you felt about the strategic attractiveness of that industry for redeployment of future capital in whatever form. I mean just whether that looks good and whether it's more attractive than maybe what you would have thought two or three years ago maybe same question on Cummins and mobile power GEN stuff that you did there?
Matthew Flannery: Sure Rob. This is Matt. We absolutely learned a lot from the Neff acquisition there. They are deeper and broader fleet and expertise in dirt and even in some of the verticals that we come along with that as I referenced infrastructure in my opening remarks. I have really given the straight learnings and we could spread those learnings across our footprint. This is not dissimilar to what we've done with many of our acquisitions and they are more readily apparent in specialty where you broaden your product offering or your solution offering. So and we expect it by the way to do that where we can create a full fluid solutions business even on top of what's been a great pump business through our acquisition of National Pump a few years ago. So we absolutely have learnings from that. And as far as the other value of it other than the learnings the expertise or even the additional capacity right of talent is the extra customer base that comes with it to sell to. So there's a lot of reasons why we decide to do M&A and acquisitions. It's not just speed although that's part of it. It's the expertise the capacity the additional knowledge and access and that's been a big growth driver for us.
Rob Wertheimer: And so infrastructure is a theme or is a segment seems like it's attractive market is worthy of continued to investment having had this experience?
William Plummer: Yeah. And we've been investing and positioning ourselves and should we find how it's going to get funded that will be even icing on the cake upon what we see today. But this is something we've been building up for and when were reviewing the net acquisition it has additional boost to, not just vertical, but that vertical within additional boost to that acquisition.
Michael Kneeland: If you take a look at the end market  this is Mike, just for a moment. If you take a look at the infrastructure market, we can always debate where it stands right now, but I don't think there's any argument that the need for infrastructure needs to improve. It's not a question of  it's a question of when. And we just want to  the learnings help us become better prepared for when that comes and it's  as Matt mentioned take that aside for a moment, it's still a growth opportunity for us.
Rob Wertheimer: Would you mind touching on what you've seen from the Cummins assets?
William Plummer: Thank you. Actually, I knew you had a second half to your question. The Cummins asset has gotten us into the larger end of power and the team has done a great job with. That has been a homerun acquisition. I know we referred it early as some of the drag of the depreciation on the margin, but the Cummins don't confuse that with the value and accretiveness of the Cummins deal. It's been a great deal, that the team members that came with it, the assets that came with it have really deepened our penetration into the power space in a big way.
Rob Wertheimer: Ill stop there, other than to stay bill youve been part of an extraordinary  really extraordinary story, and so congratulations on this phase of your career.
William Plummer: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question, please.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. First in terms of  I mean, we see good sequential rate trends in the quarter for you, I think in terms of what you're seeing for the broader industry and insight that you get through data that Rouse collects and just whether or not youve seen any cracks in the industry's commitments rates. I think, towards end of last year and first half of this year, still hearing about a really strong focus on rate, maybe some of the concern out there is that some of that could be easing a little bit. But through the end of the quarter and even now, just what you're seeing, not only internally but in the broader rate environment?
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Joe. Actually, quite the opposite. So we've seen  what is it? 22 consecutive months? 24 consecutive months of positive absorption and that Rouse data that you referred to, which is very important for rate integrity, but just as importantly as we've seen the rest of the industry and admittedly tracking about 40%, 45% of the industry, which we think is a great sample size, is acting very similar from a rate perspective that we are. So were very encouraged with that and I think it points to not just the robust demand, but also the discipline of the industry and that's something that we're happy to see.
Joseph O'Dea: And then, just following the Baker deal and thinking about the pipeline in specialty opportunities. How does Baker kind of stack versus what other things that you see in the pipeline? Do you see a healthy kind of portion of opportunities to a $300 million of revenue? Or is that something that's pretty high relative to what you see out there? Just trying to understand what the M&A outlook looks like as it relates to specialty?
William Plummer: Well, I would tell you it's very robust. The teams out there, I give them a lot of credit. They've been very busy as you can see by our announcements over the past 18 months. They are out there. They are doing as much diligence as they can to understand the industry dynamics. But it follows along the lines of our strategic  around our return metrics that Bill mentioned and around the cultural aspects of it. So all three of those we take a look at. We don't look at size. We just looked at the principles that we have out there. We are in a good place because we can be selective and were going to continue to monitor, be active, and be good stewards of the capital and spend it in the right way.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. Thanks very much, and Bill congrats and best wishes in whatever comes next.
William Plummer: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Morning.
Courtney Yakavonis: Morning, guys. Just when  I'm looking at your gen rent margins, obviously, they picked up versus a decline last quarter. Can you help us understand how much of that was just from the lapping of the NES acquisition and whether that was weighing on your margin, so we should see an acceleration from here? And then obviously an additional one in 4Q when Neff rolls off, or was that more just the cost management you were talking about with the Ross and getting freight and some of the other third-party costs under control?
William Plummer: Yeah, Courtney I don't have a specific breakout. It's clear that both actors were at play. I do think it's critical for us to have a better sense of where we are in the cost front, and as Matt said I think I try to indicate were better positioned now as we look at the second half against those cost items. So, both were at play. I couldn't give you a breakout of how much is cost versus how much is acquisition impact without going and doing some additional work.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Understand that. And then youd also just spoken about ancillary being I believe 15 million year-over-year. I believe that's where you pass through a lot of these freight and fuel cost. So I just wanted to understand did that directly offset one-for-one this quarter, or was there a lag? And how should we be thinking about that kind of for the rest of this year? And was  it can maybe just how big of a factor was that in the revenue guidance increase you have?
William Plummer: Yeah. Good question. The fuel component we have a fairly automated process for how we adjust our fuel pricing and fuel recovery as a result. So, I hesitate to say its one-for-one but it's closer to one-for-one when fuel prices go up. The delivery charges are little bit left direct. And so there's probably somewhat of a lag there as we have to get the entire organization to adjust to sort of higher targeted delivery charges as those costs go up for us. So yeah if you will closer to one-for-one delivery is somewhat of a lag.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. And was it a large factor in part of the 150 million revenue increase?
William Plummer: In the guidance?
Courtney Yakavonis: Yeah.
William Plummer: It was part of that story. It's something that we think we have to continue to chase after in order to deal with the increases in cost that we are seeing in the rest of the business.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. And just additionally Bill covered it accurately. When you think about, if we have an outside haler that's charging us $50 more on the trip and we pass that $50 more on it is going to move the top line. One of the things that you see playing through temporarily here is that incremental $50 is going to come at zero flow through. So that's just something that we have to work through and we'll continue to work with the team to catch up on it but you saw a little of that play through in the first half.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Court.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Tim Thein: Okay. Great. Thanks. Good morning. So maybe a bigger picture one for Michael or Matt last quarter you had talked about more optimism regarding the large project pipeline and what you guys are seeing in terms of quoting activity. I'm just curious given what's transpired since then with regards to all of those tariff noise and potential policy uncertainty have you seen any change or shifts in terms of the tone of your customer discussions?
Michael Kneeland: No Tim we haven't. And we talked about that. Obviously we have our customer confidence index and we tracked that remains robust. More importantly we talk to our field leaders and field sales teams specifically the strategic teams that are engaging with the large customers on large projects. And I can point to one project that's been canceled because of any kind of tariff concerns inflation concerns or anything else. So it's still robust. We still feel really good about the end market. And as you can see through all our actions we feel that this -- we have legs left to this cycle and we are excited about that.
Tim Thein: Okay. And then Matt just on the sequential rates just to circle back on that can you give us any color even if it's just kind of directionally with respect to how rates has outperformed between the transactional business versus your longer term contracts? Basically the spirit of the question is if as you continue to grow specialty does that at all mask how much we should expect to see in terms of a monthly sequential change just you naturally have less business that's repricing every month?
Matthew Flannery: No. No not really. You have to remember so much of the specialty growth is in cross sell that's going to act very similar from a pricing mechanism to the rest of our business. We are negotiating with the same customers and as far as I guess also part of that question is we've been asked so I'll answer it is how we are National Accounts versus your transactional accounts. We see a very similar pattern in the half for a while about pricing behavior and opportunity in both albeit at a lower base right? As you would have imagine our National Accounts leverage their spend they have a lower realized cost versus the transactional customer but this is across the board effort of rate management not just trying to find honey holes to get some rate and we are very disciplined about our rate management.
Tim Thein: Okay. All right, thanks for the color Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from the line of Stanley Elliott from Stifel. Your question please.
Stanley Elliott: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for fitting me in. You guys have done such a good job on the speed of which you can integrate a lot of these deals. Looking at the Baker assets maybe a little bit larger is there anything from a real estate perspective that would keep the Baker integration from not tracking kind of at this accelerated pace from what we've seen in the recent deals?
Matthew Flannery: No the team has been working on it this weekend and last week actually doing a lot of strategy work before close. The good news is that we don't need a lot of store closures that kind of integration so they have ample real estate. We even have the opportunity to grow that footprint over time, similar to what we did with the Pump acquisition. Although, there are some synergies in the model and in our communication. I think it's important to note the real win here on the Baker deal is the cross-sell. It is a growth opportunity that we feel is there where we can capitalize what's 76-year-old business, a lot of institutional knowledge and expertise and how we can bring that into our portfolio and capitalize it for growth. That's the play here for the Baker acquisition. And there's nothing that feels  makes us feel as if well have to move slower than our normal rapid pace on integration.
Stanley Elliott: Perfect guys. Thats all I have. Thanks very much and Bill, best of luck.
William Plummer: Thank you, Stanley.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you. I think that's it, operator. Yeah, as always, you can always connect with Ted for the  who heads our IR if you have additional questions and our investor deck is out on our website. So look forward to talk to you again in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Matthew Flannery - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Steven Ramsey - Thompson Research Group, LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Neil Frohnapple - Buckingham Research Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter 2018 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbors contained in the Company's earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's earnings release, Investor Presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on todays call. So before I begin, I want to mention that my prepared remarks this morning will be followed by comments from Matt. Most of you know Matt is our Chief Operating Officer and a 20-year veteran of our Company. Last month, he assumed the additional role of President, which means he is even more instrumental in working with me and Bill to guide our Company's growth. Matt will speak about our markets and operations and then Bill will go over the numbers. So I'll start with the dialogue by saying that I am pleased with the results we reported yesterday. Both Gen Rents and Specialty segments performed well. There were a number of positive indicators in the quarter, including a 6.8% increase in volume year-over-year and a 2.7% improvement in rental rates. These numbers are pro forma for last year's acquisitions. Now given the importance of rates in our business, it is good to see the improvement sustained throughout the quarter. Rates remain a key indicator of the overall health of the marketplace and our industries ability to generate attractive returns. Time utilization came in at 65.2%, down 20 basis points pro forma. That's the second highest time utilization we've achieved in any first quarter in our history. And there were some obstacles in the quarter, but we dealt with those effectively, and once again, our rental revenue growth outpaced the market. And then there is cash generation. As you saw yesterday, our free cash flow for the quarter was $526 million after gross CapEx of $313 million. Now given the way the years unfolding, we feel very comfortable with our guidance for free cash flow in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion and we've also re-informed the rest of our full-year outlook. So let's talk about the use of cash. Over the last five years, our business has generated $4 billion of cumulative free cash flow, some of that in markets that weren't as robust as the current year. In 2018, the cycle is in our favor with an added tax benefit from tax reform. And as we continue to explore potential opportunities to redeploy this capital, you can expect us to make the kind of thoughtful, diligent, and balanced decisions to be accretive to our shareholder value as we have in the past. So yesterday we announced that our Board has authorized a program for another $1.25 billion of share repurchases. This will initiate when we wrap up the current program, which we would expect to finish out mid-year. And you may recall that the current program was authorized in November of 2015 for $1 billion. We paused for 13 months while we evaluated M&A and then reactivated it. We have about $168 million left to go, and once that ends, the follow-on program will begin. Our goal is to complete the $1.25 billion of new repurchases by the end of 2019. And we have an excellent track record with these programs. Since 2012, we've returned almost $2.3 billion of cash to repurchases as a means of maximizing shareholder value. And now over the course of 2018 and 2019, we are planning to purchase what equates to over 10% of our current market cap. Now to be clear, share repurchase is just one lever in a complex framework of decisions we make the balance growth and returns while preserving a sound capital structure. We remain open to all avenues that are strategically compelling and create superior value including further M&A. Now before I hand it off to Matt, I want to return to something thats always been important to me personally. That is our culture as a safety leader. Safety is the ultimate metric of operational excellence in our business. It aligns the interest of our employees, our customers, and our investors, so everybody wins. We just delivered the 15 straight quarter of a reportable rate at or below one, and that's a remarkable achievement on the part of our team. And in the month of March, 99% of our locations had zero reportable incidents. Now this kind of culture is fundamental to success of our business and particularly when things get busy like we are doing right now. And when were entering our peak months in a very strong demand environment, our performance is tracking to plan and virtually all key leading indicators are positive. Now the intersection of these dynamics creates a significant opportunity for United Rentals. Our guidance reflects our belief that 2018 will be another very good year for us. And now Ill ask Matt to talk about the operations and share how we plan to capitalize on the months ahead. So over to you, Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Mike, and good morning. I thought I'd start by commenting on the integration of NES and Neff. And both are essentially complete, and weve realized the target run rate and synergies in each case. NES still has a few operational ends to tie-up like centralized dispatch, which is currently in rollout. All other programs have been adopted into regular operations. So from this point forward, there's no distinction in how we talk about the company. It's all one United Rentals. Now heres where we stand today with the first quarter behind us. Were a much larger and better equipped customer service network than we were 12 months ago and that's exciting for the field. It's an opportunity for United Rentals to get a bigger piece of the pie, and we did just that with a 25% year-over-year increase in rent revenue in the first quarter. If we pull back the curtain on our results, the main drivers behind our growth fall into four buckets. One is a widespread strength in non-residential construction, particularly in the commercial and infrastructure sectors; second, is the rebound in industrial activity, including the improvement of oil and gas; and third, is our Specialty segment, which continues to deliver impressive results; fourth, is our scale. And Ill talk a little more about scale in a few minutes. So starting with the non-residential construction. The leading U.S. indicators have been almost universally positive for a while now, and we're seeing this echoed in our monthly surveys where customer confidence continues to trend up. The most active geographies are the ones with the most diverse project mix. Along the Eastern Seaboard in the Gulf States are good examples. They both had double-digit increase in rent revenue in the quarter and the wins came from a broad range of projects, including infrastructure, power, retail, and commercial work. Now looking at the industrial sector, we're encouraged by the fact that we're seeing widespread activity across multiple verticals and we're tracking a number of large projects slated to start up in the back half of the year that will carryover into 2019. Also the oil and gas sector continues to be a pleasant surprise. The rise in oil prices has encouraged drilling and production companies to bring rigs back online and this adds to the broader industrial demand for our equipment. Turning to our Specialty segment, rent revenue from our Trench, Power, and Pump operations was up more than 36% year-over-year and Specialty segment gross margin also improved up 170 basis points. And were currently planning to open 18 specialty cold-starts to this year and we will increase that number if this pace continues. There are some of the market dynamics, and as we said before, we also have internal levers for growth, which brings me to the final bucket I mentioned, scale. The scale provides benefits for us under any set of conditions, including the growth environment that we're in today. And I can tell you firsthand that equipment availability is proving to be a challenge for some rental companies. Customers worry about being able to find the equipment they need to keep their projects on track and we're very fortunate to be able to give them that assurance. We entered 2018 with a much larger fleet and footprint. Our fleet stands at almost $11.4 billion and we have about 15,000 employees serving our customers. Additionally, our digital capabilities are reaching more customers every day. All of this scale is beneficial, but it's our ability to leverage our scale that gives our customers the assurance I mentioned. And one of the most important ways we leverage our scale is by cross-selling. When you see the rapid growth of our Specialty segment for example, it's not just because each branch operates strongly, independently. There's a significant benefit that comes from giving our customers access to our entire network of offerings. Cross-selling is as much about customer service as it is about revenue. The customers that we added from NES and Neff are happy to keep more of their business with the United Rentals and all of our customers in the combined base are benefiting from a larger and broader fleet. And as a result, in the first quarter, our cross-selling company-wide rent revenue was up 29% year-over-year and we still have more to deliver. Now before I wrap up, I would like to make a quick comment on Canada. Back in January, we described Canada as an outlier that showed signs of turning around. And I am pleased to report that our first quarter rent revenue in Canada was up 11% with rates positive year-over-year and signs of a continued macro improvement. Ontario and Quebec both had big plans for infrastructure, including a massive public transit project in Montreal and Western Canada continues to rebound, so its a good overall story for our Canadian operations. But thats a snapshot from the field. We have a high level of confidence in our outlook for 2018. We expanded our operations at an ideal time to leverage the cycle, and at the same time we are giving our customers and investors even more reason to have confidence in us. So with that, I'll hand it over to Bill for the financial review and then we'll go to Q&A. Bill?
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and Matt, and good morning to everybody. As always I'll go through the results and try to do it quickly, so that we can get to the questions. Starting with rental revenue, rental revenue $1.166 billion in the quarter, that's up $293 million over last year. The key components of ancillary and re-rent will start there. Ancillary was up $32 million, so pretty robust growth there and it came across the board. Higher delivery charges, higher fuel recovery, our rental protection program revenues were up and the impact of NES and Neff just for pure volume growth was a real contributor. So $32 million increase over last year for ancillaries, re-rent was up $4 million another robust increase almost 20% increase over last year, again helped along by the acquisitions. The owned equipment revenue was up a total of $257 million over last year and the big driver there was volume. Our volume impact was $264 million for that 26% or so increase in OEC on rent. Rate contributed a nice component this year. $19 million of rate impact in revenue, again aligning with the 1.9% rate improvement that we saw on a reported basis. Replacement CapEx inflation this quarter was about $15 million of headwind. That's calculated at 1.5% purchase price inflation and then that leads $11 million of mix and other headwind in the quarter for the total 257 in OER. So add that to the ancillary re-rent you get the $293 million year-over-year improvement in rental revenue. Thats as reported as I called out just to know the pro forma revenue performance was pretty robust. 9.9% increase in rental revenue in the quarter on a pro forma basis. Used equipment was an important part of the story in the quarter. $181 million of used proceeds in the quarter and that was up $75 million over last year. A couple of comments on that used performance. First, the overall strength of the market I think is really noteworthy. The proceeds that $181 million as a percent of the OEC that we sold came in at 52.6% that's 130 basis points higher than it was last year. That certainly reflected the strength of the market in pricing, but also in the volume that the used equipment market is able to absorb. On the pricing front, our pricing results in our retail sales of used in the quarter prices were up about 6% in the quarter, pretty robust for us and certainly reflects robust pricing in the overall used equipment market. And again the volume that we were able to sell was pretty strong as well in the quarter. $343 million of OEC sold in the quarter. It was underneath that proceeds result. The other important factor in the quarter for used equipment was the impact of adopting the new revenue recognition accounting standard. This is nothing unique to United Rentals. I'm sure you all know about the adoption of ASC 606 for most publicly reporting companies at the beginning of the year. An important change in that revenue recognition standard for us was that we no longer defer revenue from used sales of equipment back to our vendors. In prior years we would agree to sell equipment back to vendors and typically do so with an associated purchase commitment. And previously, our accounting standard would require us to defer the revenue and profit associated with those used sales until we completed the subsequent purchase commitment. The new rev standard just requires that upon the completion of the sale transaction, the delivery of the equipment, we now recognize the profit and the revenue immediately. That impact was about $44 million in revenue in the quarter and the margins of our sales back to vendors in this quarter were not materially different than the overall margin, so call it about $23 million or so of gross margin impact in the quarter. Very importantly, this is a timing effect, nothing more. So over the course of the year, this impact will fade, but certainly, it is an artifact of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. So those are the comments I wanted to make on the used equipment results. Just moving to EBITDA overall $780 million, that's up $189 million versus last year and it came in at a margin of 45%. That margin was improved by 140 basis points over last year, and again, all of this on an as-reported basis. To break down the $189 million year-over-year change, volume obviously was the major driver. We calculate that as about $177 million of volume impact and then the rental rates also added another $18 million or so of EBITDA over last year. Ancillary was about a $16 million benefit compared to last year and then used equipment, the robust quarter contributed about $44 million of EBITDA impact. That $44 million is coincidentally the same as the revenue timing impact of the adoption of the new accounting standards. Fleet inflation, we called out as a $13 million headwind. Merit increase is a $6 million of headwind, and then a large mix and other in the quarter of minus $47 million. The great majority of that negative $47 million is the impact of the addition of NES and Neff costs compared to last year. And it's also an artifact of how we actually calculate the volume component that I called out in the $177 million. The revenue that NES and Neff brought along in this year compared to last year came along with both variable cost and fixed costs. The variable cost component weve signed up in the volume number that I called out. The fixed costs all falls to this mix and other number. So that was the biggest chunk of the minus $47 million that we're calling mix and other. There are also other timing and other effects that fall into this number as well as the impact of the synergies that we realize for Neff and NES which we would callout at a positive $18 million between the two acquisitions, 10 for NES and about eight realized in the quarter for Neff. So those are the key drivers of the adjusted EBITDA performance on the quarter. They resulted in a flow through calculation of 50% on an as-reported basis and we can certainly go through the flow through discussion more in the Q&A. But I would just point out that if you calculated flow through on a pro forma basis, I know you guys can't do that, but we've done it. Our pro forma flow through in the quarter was 61% during the quarter. EPS, $2.87 of adjusted diluted EPS in the quarter that compares to $1.63 last year and that increase was driven mainly by the improvement in EBITDA, but also the impact of tax reform. Tax reform benefited us something like $0.50 over last year as that single factor in Q1. So $0.50 out of the $1.24 or so that we improved year-over-year, we could put down the tax reform. Free cash flow in the quarter was strong, $526 million when you exclude the impact of the merger and restructuring related costs, those came in at about $10 million in the quarter. So $526 million, a $36 million improvement over the same year-to-date number last year. Obviously, the operating profitability was the main driver of that improvement, EBITDA of $189 million as we talked about. The rental CapEx story, rental CapEx is a little bit lower; the net rental CapEx was a little bit lower this year compared to last down about $14 million. That net rental CapEx was a result of higher gross CapEx spending, but also the larger used equipment sales result that we talked about previously. Cash taxes, the cash tax is paid. Were about $9 million higher this year compared to last year. And then we had a timing of interest expense and cash interest paid that that was a little bit of a headwind call it, $60 million or so in the quarter. The rest was working capital for about $95 million more working capital this year compared to last year. Net debt and liquidity, our debt balance at the end of the quarter $8.9 billion of net debt that's higher than last year, but obviously reflects the increase for the acquisitions that we did last year in NES, Neff and a couple of other small ones like Cummins and others. So $1.9 billion increase in net debt, but certainly in line with the acquisitions primarily. Liquidity finished the quarter at $1.9 billion in total liquidity. Within that $1.6 billion was availability on the ABL facility, along with about $280 million of cash on the balance sheet. Just real quickly on returns ROIC in the quarter was 9.4%. You all know that's a trailing 12-month calculation that we do that TTM was up a percentage point over the same period last year. And I'll just point out again even though we did it previously that the way we calculate ROIC includes the tax rates that apply at the time period that that's involved in the trailing 12-month period. So in this calculation we had the new 21% federal tax rate for the first quarter of 2018, but also 35% old tax rate for the last three quarters of last year that were in the calculation period. If we had used to 21% new tax rate for the entire period. The ROIC calculation would have been 10.8% for the trailing 12-month period, which would have been 80 basis points higher than the prior period. The share repurchase, just a brief update there. We bought about 1 million shares back in the quarter, $177 million of cash spent on those repurchases and that left this as Mike pointed out with about $168 million remaining on the existing program. The new program authorization will begin when we complete that $168 million, which should be mid-year and as we've done in the past, we expect to be in the market buying back shares fairly steadily against the new program once we do started to complete it by the end of next year. Neff integration and synergy update, I think we touched on, but just to put a number to it the Neff integration. We think resulted in realized synergies of a little over $8 million in the quarter and the run rate we calculated about $35 million. So right there at the total run rate of annualized synergies that we expected out of Neff. We got there a little sooner than we thought, but I think it just indicates that the quality of the execution on the integration there. Just real quickly on fleet procurement phase, we call those out in the $5 million to $10 million range and we're well on track to deliver those as well. You've all seen the guidance, so I won't repeat the guidance numbers other than to say that we obviously reaffirmed all of the elements of the guidance that we've given and I think that reflects the fact that we feel good about how the first quarter of the year started out. It was certainly in line with what we expected to be able to deliver the overall guidance for the full-year and it's boasted by the fact that the market environment we perceive as being quite strong and our execution in that environment we feel very comfortable with will get us where we need to be over the course of the year. So maybe I'll stop there and open up the call for questions at this point, so operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, Good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Look I think consensus was probably still baking in at 1.5% to 2% rate environment for 2018 and I did say that based on the comments that you made about the carryover into this year last quarter, I mean pro forma pricing was up 2.7% year-on-year in the first quarter and you haven't seen that rate of growth in a few years, so look realizing guide on rate when you consider how tight the used equipment is right now? Is there a credible argument for some markets to go back to say a plus 3% to 5% rate environment in the next year or two like they did earlier in the cycle?
William Plummer: So is there a credible argument? Yes, there's a credible argument to do that and certainly you can make your own judgment about how likely that that is to happen. Our view is that the market environment certainly would support a good rate realization and I think the path that we are on, we're encouraged by that. 2.7%, if you asked us before the quarter whether wed be there, we probably say not yet. So that's encouraging for us, right as we think about where things could go, so yes, credible environment. Maybe Ill take the opportunity just you said credible for 3% to 5% and take the opportunity maybe a question given the sequential path that we experienced in the first quarter. If you repeated the last three quarters sequentials that we achieved last year with the start that we've had this year that number would take us to 2.9%. If you repeated sort of the average of the sequentials that weve achieved in the last three quarters over the last three to five years with the start that we've had this year that sequential pattern would take us to about 2.5%. So certainly feels reasonable to say we're in that 2.5% to 3% range and could we accelerate from here to get into 3% to 5% range that's not ridiculous. So hopefully that's helpful for you Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Yes. Thanks Bill. Any signs of slippage at all in the used equipment market?
William Plummer: No, it's continuing to be pretty robust. I think if you just look at the pricing that we've realized about 6% that we realized this year compares to something in the neighborhood of 5% that we realized back in the fourth quarter. I think that just aren't priced basis alone suggest that that market still pretty robust, and as I said it's still demanding pretty good volume. So that market feels pretty good right now.
Ross Gilardi: And then just lastly guys, I mean you talked a bit about your free cash flow history over the last few years. Any thoughts on just the sustainability the type of free cash flow that you're generating right now beyond 2018?
William Plummer: I think it's fair to say that if 2019 looks anything like 2018 we're going to have another very robust free cash flow story for next year as well, right. The benefit of tax reform, the strength of our overall operating profitability, the amount of capital that we would have to put into the business to kind of sustain a comparable demand environment, all would argue for another north of the $1 billion free cash flow year next year and that's the backdrop that we're thinking about as we think about capital allocation decisions. So another good year, next year assuming that the market continues.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks guys. Just curious on the equipment sales, the shift that you had into the first quarter, do you have any guidance for  just on how to think about what that means for in the second through fourth quarters for this year?
Matthew Flannery: Courtney, this is Matt. It does not change our full-year outlook. We still expect to sell somewhere around $1.2 billion of OEC as we talked about in January of $1.2 billion for the full-year. This is just  you folks are seen based on the change in the accounting rules that Bill mentioned in his comments. You're seeing more of it than you usually would, but Q1 is always been the time of the year where we sell a lot of our assets on the trade-in basis because it's our trough and time utilization and it's the best time of year to get rid of the old fleet. Just the factoid that you folks don't know that fleet that we sold to vendors averaged 113 months. So we're really talking about a portion of that fleet more than 10 years old. So we're selling nine to 10-year old fleet and we look at the first quarter as an opportunity to cleanse that, refresh the fleet and make sure that we're giving the customers the type of product they expect from us.
Courtney Yakavonis: Great. Thanks. And then just on the specialty, can you help us understand how much of the growth is related to the acquisitions versus cold starts versus same-store sales? And then just on the cold starts, just give us a little bit of color on how those stores are performing in years two and three and if there's any significant difference between any of the lines?
William Plummer: Courtney, the bulk of the TCP segment growth was same-store in the mid-20% out of that 36% was same-store growth. So a pretty robust story there, even though we had  for that business a reasonably significant acquisition in the form of Cummins last year. So we certainly feel good about the business even on the same-store basis, but we also are growing the footprint of the business. We're going to add a total of 18 or so cold starts this year, the great majority of which will be specialty location. So we will enhance that same-store growth again as we go forward with the new footprint.
Courtney Yakavonis: Awesome. Thanks guys.
William Plummer: Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you could talk about whether you view  whether having any impact on the first quarter, if at all, a number of folks from channel have been complaining about seasonality this year more so than normal. Did you see it in your business? And as you folks think about the cadence into 2Q, I guess, we look for stronger than normal seasonality utilization pick up if weather was a factor in the first quarter?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. This is Matt. I think you saw a little bit of a concern, specifically in March, that 40 bps pro forma drop in time utilization. We attributed to two major factors for us, a little bit of weather and then the timing of the holiday. So the week leading up to Easter happened to fall in March. So we saw a little bit of drop off from our normal cycle, which we expected to pick that up in April, and as we sit here we're very comfortable that that things have had normalized for us to what more or like what we expected. So I wouldn't see  I wouldn't be concerned about that. Id also point to the balance that we had. One thing I'm really encouraged about is the rate performance in Q1. And keeping that balance of rate and time is real important to us. We talked about that all the time. And last year, quite frankly, we dug a bit of a rate hole while having very strong time utilization. Were very conscious about not digging the rate hole this year because that first quarter compounds on it. So we're very comfortable with where we are right now.
Jerry Revich: Okay. And from a capital deployment standpoint, obviously very active year for you folks last year. Can you talk about what your M&A pipeline looks like at this point? And obviously, big buyback announcement maybe that ties into it to some extent? Bill, can you just step us through it?
Michael Kneeland: I'll start and then Ill ask Bill to chime in, but I think what you're really highlighting is the strength of our balance sheet and our cash flow gives us a lot of optionality. And acquisitions happen as they happen. Pipeline, we're always out there looking for companies that meet our criteria and our discipline  we remain focused on our discipline, making sure that, strategically, why would we be good owners of that asset, number one. Two, financial, how does it affect us and then how can we get an ample return. And then third thing is culture, and we're very strict on those. And if we don't do a deal is because one of those  one of that legs of that stool didn't make it and we have the discipline to walk away, but having said that, it is our optionality that we have at this point in time.
William Plummer: And Ill only add that we view acquisition as the higher and better uses of our capital and cash flow then buying back shares. And so we want to make sure that we are ready to do those acquisitions that make the right sense. And that's partly why we take a slow and steady approach to executing share repurchase, right. We want to make sure that, yes, okay, the Board authorized a new $1.25 billion program. We don't want to go out and blow it all right now because there maybe deals that come along that are really appealing. So let's be slow and steady in executing it and make sure that we're ready to go when the right deal shows up, and we will continue to do that, right. We've established a pretty good track record in how we approach managing the repurchase program. But if we do it with an eye towards, hey, if a better deal comes along like an acquisition, then we want to use it the used cash flow for that rather than just buying back share.
Jerry Revich: And I appreciate that it's an involving market, but the pipeline as it stands now how active is it?
Michael Kneeland: It's always active. It doesn't  as you can imagine specialty is an area of interest for us and there is no secret. And as we went through last year, we did a couple fairly sizable Gen Rent acquisitions, where we're open minded, and  but the pipeline has always been pretty active.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, guys. So I think what something that I think people are wrestling with is the implied incremental margin that's kind of baked in the getting to the midpoint of your ranges for the year. I think even if you back out the $30 million or so of incentive comp tailwind that's 2018 versus 2017. It's still implies a pretty healthy mid-to-high 60% incremental margin for the rest of the year. So can you kind of talk us through your comfort level on that number and why that's an attainable number from here? Thanks.
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. Really  holding aside the bonus impact is the story of the acquisitions. NES, we anniversary in the second quarter. Neff, we anniversary in the fourth quarter. There will be nice moves to our incremental margin our flow through in those quarters just reflecting the mechanics of adding their revenue and the cost that that come along with that revenue this year versus last year. Its something thats hard to quantify, but it certainly is going to be a material impact in both Q2 and particular in Q4.
Seth Weber: Okay. And then how should we think about the incentive comp kind of cadence through the year as a tailwind year-over-year?
Michael Kneeland: The main impact is going to come in Q3 and Q4. So in the first quarter, the year-over-year comparison was basically flat. That's probably going to be the story in the second quarter right assuming that we don't have a surprise in the performance and therefore have to adjust the accrual differently than what we've got in mind right now. So it will be basically flat effect for Q2. Its really about $15 million of the impact in Q3 and Q4 each that that we're expecting right here and now, just based on the pacing of how we adjusted the accruals last year versus what we think we're going to do this year.
Seth Weber: Okay. But  the numbers that we're talking about the mid-to-high 60% incremental that's the right way to  that's how you're thinking about and that's an accurate characterization?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the timing is certainly skewed toward the back end of the year. It's going to be more third and fourth quarter, second half of the year event than second quarter, but we expect to see some fairly robust impacts in the back half of the year to the incremental margins because of those factors that we talked about.
Seth Weber: Okay, thanks. And then I'm sorry if I missed it, but given some of them whether disruptions are one not that you experienced in March. Can you give us any feel for how April is going and it's obviously an important month kind of kicking off in the construction season so any color on April trends would be great?
Michael Kneeland: I think Matt will touch that.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, so I touch on a little bit, but just to repeat, we don't give the specifics of into quarter, but we wouldn't have pointed out that the 40 bps in March was due to weather and holiday unless we felt that it remedied and you can take that the guidance that we're giving to reaffirm means that we feel like the temporary time utilization lapse that we saw in March is remedied and demand continues to be strong for the balance of the year.
Seth Weber: Okay, so that's  those products of restarted. The branches are reopened. That's right we think about that?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, just a delay in the cycle. We don't expect to have the closures that we had in Q1, and once again a little bounce back that you get in the first week after Easter as opposed to before just a timing issue, but it got our attention, we dug into it, and we feel comfortable with it.
Seth Weber: Okay, guys. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research. Your question please.
Steven Ramsey: Good morning. This is Steven Ramsey on for Kathryn. You guys previously had talked about raising the target for Project XL. Obviously, you didnt raise it, but it said this maybe a possibility. Any update on Project XL?
William Plummer: Sure, Steven. So we've been sharing with you the  a few of the projects, underneath Project XL in our quarterly investor decks as weve gone the last several quarters, and the Project XL is a complex topic to try and talk about, but we try to simplify it by just focusing on a few of the projects underneath it, so those four projects that we've shared actual data on. What we would say is that the metrics that those projects are tracking have already gotten us to about a $200 million run rate for those projects. Now I hesitate to say that because as we said again and again, the metrics that those projects are tracking you should not think about incremental EBITDA. Certainly there is incremental EBITDA in there, but their duplications between the projects and there are certain components of those projects that would have been there anywhere, anyway without Project XL. But in terms of the $200 million run rate of the metrics that the Project XL projects are tracking, I say we're pretty doggone close to the $200 million run rate already and that would led us to say that were thinking about increasing the targets that we talked about. But just as we've gone deeper and deeper into looking at the performance of these XL projects, it has become just much more clear how difficult it is to have a conversation with you guys in the outside world without diving into huge complexity. So we just simplified and said look at these four projects. They're delivering something in the neighborhood of $200 million run rate of impact. By the way when you look at the entire list of Project XL initiatives, its still in aggregate right around the $200 million impact. So it's not like we're cherry picking those four projects, just those four easy to talk about to the outside world. But we feel good about Project XL, we feel its delivering very much in line with what we expected, and we think it's an important part of how we continue to drive productivity improvement in our business and so we'll keep running that.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. And then with the energy in market starting to recover, are you changing or editing your plans to invest in that market or aggressively as oil prices and rig counts move up or is it planned expansion same as in the past?
Michael Kneeland: So Steven when thinking about the upstream exploration and the rig counts improving and based on oil prices as I referred to in the opening comments, we're certainly participating in that. Weve had really nice growth there, but most of the growth has been through our pump business that as a matter of fact more than half of our growth in Q1 was through our pump business where we held on to some specialized products to serve that end market. So we didn't have to invest any incremental capital there, which we're really pleased with and kind of validated decision the team made to hold on to those assets. With all that being said and with the strong growth that we had in the upstream business, it's still less than 6% of our business overall as compared to peak where it was almost to 11% of our business. So we're encouraged, we're pleased, we kept our footprint there to serve that market, but I don't think it's going to get as big as it did at one point in time in the history.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
William Plummer: Hey, David.
David Raso: Good morning. Within the overall guidance that you maintained the high level metrics, was there any change from the start of the year in your thought on rental rates and your thoughts on time utilization?
Michael Kneeland: No significant change. David as I mentioned before, I think the rate result in the first quarter is probably better than what we expected coming into it. And so that's a good starting point for the year. And we'll have to see how it develops from here. I think we feel good about the way that we've been able to position the fleet and the fleet on rent for the remainder of the year. There are some puts and takes in the utilization of that fleet in the first quarter. Matt touched on the margin particular, but nothing thats concerning to us as we look at the rest of the year. And as we said, I think April feels like its positioning us well to continue to say that about the rest of the year.
David Raso: So that said, it seems like three months ago maybe there was an upward bios if there was going to be a change to your CapEx, but you chose to maintain the CapEx guidance at least at this point. Can you give us a little update on how you're thinking about the CapEx budget relative to those other two metrics? Obviously, the interests lie between all those three decisions?
William Plummer: Yes. Its certainly is an interplay. And what I would say is that we gave a pretty broad range for our gross capital spends this year, right. $150 million range. I think it gives us plenty of room to respond to the upside, if indeed it looks like we should be spending more. So I don't think we need to say that we're thinking any differently about our capital plan. It is still pretty early in the year to be talking about either increasing or decreasing for that matter. And so what I would say is let's have this conversation again at Q2 and we'll be able to make some more definitive statements about how the second quarter fleet on rent build and how that feels relative to our capital plan and well make it more definitive statement at that point.
David Raso: And the availability from your vendors to get ironed if you need it, just given some seasonality, it appears your CapEx was a little bit stronger in the first quarter than initially thought which for more months to utilize that bigger fleet it's good to get it early, but if there was a decision to add fleet, would you have ample availability to get it in time so to speak, if you wanted to in June, July, late May? Just coming to getting your feel from supply chain availability?
Matthew Flannery: Yes, David. This is Matt. We feel comfortable that we've got enough of a pipeline built that we could accelerate and move in some assets, so it would be more of an acceleration and then backfilling Q3 and Q4 is usually the way we do it when we make the decisions to change any capital either timing and/or increase. And we believe we still have that flexibility and we're very fortunate to have good partners that understand keeping their share of Uniteds business has value for both of us, and we give them as much foresight as we can.
David Raso: And what drove the decision or whatever caused a little more fleet coming in, in the first quarter than maybe was originally planned?
Matthew Flannery: Part of it is that we still felt the demand  first of all, we sold the decent amount of used equipment, number one. So when you look at net-net, our fleet size overall is not outside of where we expect it. We sold hair more and we replaced a hair more. We made an active decision throughout March not to slow down because we still saw the demand that was coming forward. We're talking to our customers and our field leaders and we didn't think there was any reason to slow down the flow in March because we expect to have a strong second quarter.
David Raso: Last, I am trying to understand what drove the decision? A strong used market, let's hit it and sell use, and then we need to backfill new? Or was it confidence in utilization to buy the new? Just want to make sure we understand whats driving what?
Michael Kneeland: So to be specific confidence in the overall balance, right, so sometimes, it gets parsed out time and rate too much. The overall balance of what time and rate is doing for us that we feel good about that. The answer was yes. Do we think our customer demand is going to be able to absorb the fleet that were letting flow in not just in March, but we planned to bring in April, May, and June? And the answer was yes. So I would say those  really what we expected, the trend that we expected we just continued to flow.
David Raso: Okay. So it's a utilization confidence driving the fleet decision that wasnt
Michael Kneeland: Now let me touch on the used sale. So I know the first quarter looked a little lopsided. Much of that appearance had to do with accounting recognition, but we always sell our used equipment especially to vendors in Q1. It's the best time for us to get rid of older fleet and I said it earlier, but just remind you that the average age of that fleet that we sold to vendors in Q1 was 113 months. So when were talking about 9 and 10 year old fleet. Q1 is a great time to get it out of the door because it's sitting in the branches. It's low peak season  low season time utilization and it easier for the branches to get it out during that period. When we get busy into Q2, Q3, we're more focused on our retail, but our used sales as always strong to vendors in Q1. That's our opportunity to get it out and then on the back end in Q4 will get rid of some any remaining vendor sales that we had planned on it. That's kind of the way we've always operated our business. You guys just have between us been a bigger company and the accounting changes, it just probably gave a little bit of a different look from the outside world, but nothing changed internal.
David Raso: Thanks for the detail.
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
William Plummer: Thanks Dave.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple from Buckingham Research. Your question please.
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Neil.
Neil Frohnapple: Bill, just to be clear on the [indiscernible] commentary you gave in response to Ross's question. So if you repeat the sequential rate improvement that you did over the last three quarters of last year that would take United the plus 2.9% for the full-year that's a pro forma basis, correct?
William Plummer: Yes, thats correct.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay. And are you seeing any other costs creep that's weighing on the incremental margin such as higher delivery costs that you call out or you have to manage through and I guess is the follow-up is there a risk that you'll see greater than previously anticipated equipment inflation due to higher steel costs, I think the vast majority of your purchase is under contract that you negotiate in the prior year but just want to confirm that? Thank you.
William Plummer: Thanks, Neil. On the cost question, I would point delivery cost in the quarter is something that has a focus from our management team. You guys have said this, you guys read the paper like we do and I'm sure you read about freight cost increases as fuels costs go up and as it becomes harder for the delivery companies to find track as well. When we use outside hollers, we face some of those same dynamics in the quarter that's not to say that we didn't have opportunities to manage better, our use of outside haulers that something that we were very heavily focused on but that was the dynamic thats played out in Q1 and then that we're going to be focused on for the remainder of the year. The other operating cost items I put in the category of just sort of normal management operations focus right of that. We had little bit more over time in the first quarter than maybe we expect to coming in, for example. Well, that's just something that we can put some management elbow grease to and address as we go forward. So those are probably the cost items that I would say we're focused on right here now as for equipment purchase price inflation and commodity prices, our purchases, the vast majority of them are covered by supply agreement that have fixed pricing over the course of this year. And so we would expect that the commodity prices won't drive very much in the way of inflation this year for us, obviously next year when we negotiate the terms for next year that will be a discussion point with the vendors and it will be a good old-fashioned arm wrestling match and we know how to do that and will do it vigorously from the time.
Neil Frohnapple: Great. Thanks very much Bill.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America, your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, thanks guys. Just from that note the higher delivery costs over time  great equipment costs, lot of costs pressures out there. They've got to be impacting the smaller independent rentals chain is  in particular doesn't have your scale advantage. So are you seeing anything out in the field, which we believe that the smaller chains are almost being forced to raise prices higher than they might have otherwise going into the year, just to offset the cost inflation?
William Plummer: Ross, I don't know that I would could tie it directly to why they're making those decisions, but I would say what we're encouraged about is the industry seems to be acting as we are, right. The industry seen better rate improvement, the industry seen better time utilization. So we see those as positive indicators and certainly costs pressures are something that everybody has to deal with right just merit increases and everything. So I would say you'd hope that informing them, but the result is what we can really comment on when the results are looking like the industry is acting in a responsible manner when it comes to rate and getting some time utilization.
Ross Gilardi: And any sense of just broader market acceptance for some of these equipment surcharges that have been announced by your aerial suppliers?
Matthew Flannery: I'm sure that those are being impacted by. I'm not opening their arms to it. But there's no real commentary that I could give you that would be  that I think would be that helpful for you.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks for that.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Good morning. Mike or Matt, you mentioned a large projects that you're eyeing in late 2018 that should benefit 2019. Could you just give us some perspective maybe comparing it to past years, how sizable that looks, and your ability to win those, are they already in hand, are they bids to come and also just a feel for your win rate on bids, just if that's something you measure and something you can share? Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Scott. So I'll just mention the win rate, it's something that we measure internally not something we talk about externally, but I would say as for as project pipeline, I specifically make comments about the industrial projects because that's a significant change on a year-over-year basis. We're seeing some nice industrial projects that are carrying over from last year, but that's pipeline seems to be increasing a little bit in the back half of 2018 on a year-over-year basis. As far as commercial, I wouldn't tie just a major projects, I think it's broad geographically; broad by project mix and the demand is brought by product type and sector. Every vertical, every meaningful vertical that we track of end markets is up on a year-over-year basis. So the project commentary specifically that you heard was more about the back half of the year in the industrial sector, but overall Id say the pipeline is a strong and a little bit stronger in some areas this last year.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add that is if you take a look at all key indicators, theyre positive. And if you take a look at the associated builders and contractors, backlog in the fourth quarter expanded to [9.67] months, which is the highest level ever achieved. So in Dodge Momentum Index is positive. The highest level in cycle, I can take through all of these items, but the bottom line is all of the key indicators remain positive. And as Matt mentioned, it's very broad, nothing specific, but we have the footprint and we have the equipment and the people to tackle the task.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. I appreciate that. And just real quick here at the end, I'm envisioning you have a very large Specialty and Gen Rent pipeline and you don't size it, but just curious, obviously you have a great opportunity throughout North America? Are you looking at anything outside of North American and just contemplation of that? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Look, we've said at some point the company will look beyond when that time is, we haven't pinpointed an exact date, but I think the key point is, one, North America is very strong. There is still  we have  as far as market opportunities remain very high here for us to capture more and that's what we're doing and that's why when you take a look at the specialty businesses and the growth that we're seeing, that is really to me a no-brainer. Why would we go after the current market that we are in where we have the biggest strength, but going beyond North America at some point yes and more than likely with our customers.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Thanks guys.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Scott. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. Thanks again for your participation. We always welcome the opportunity to share your thinking and hear your feedback. Please, if you haven't, download our revamped first quarter investor deck and feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR with any questions. Operator, you can end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - CEO William Plummer - CFO Matt Flannery - COO
Analysts: Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners David Raso - Evercore ISI Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Steven Fisher - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us in the call this afternoon. I want to start the dialogue today with one word, deliver. Yesterday you saw us report a fourth quarter that more than delivered on expectations, it was a strong end to a record year. But to us delivering is more about looking forward, it's about delivering again in the months ahead. So today we'll connect a momentum we created over the past twelve months with our positive outlook for 2018. So looking at the fourth quarter, the most prevalent tailwind was market demand; we leveraged this with two significant acquisitions and a flexible CapEx strategy. As a result our revenue growth in the quarter outperformed the market and that's on a pro forma basis which assumes we owned our acquisitions from 2016 forward. Not only did we grow rental revenue by 11.5% in the quarter, we improved all three underlying metrics; volume was up 8.8% year-over-year and rates improved 2%, time utilization was a solid 70%, up 100 basis points for the quarter. This put up for your time utilization to over 69% which is a new record for us. Three months ago I made the observation that the industry background are made to become more constructive and that was clear in December when every one of our regions reported positive year-over-year rates for the first time in years. Our rates are a key driver of growth in returns and are continuing to be a major focus for us in 2018, and it's been a while since we've seen this window of opportunity and I can promise you we won't rest. And here is another point; almost every metric in a fourth quarter performance compares favorably to the full year. Rental revenue for the year was up 7.6% versus 11.5% for the quarter. The quarter outpaced the year on volume, rates and utilization as well. So yes, we delivered on 2017 but more to the point or poised to build on that in 2018. Now Bill will review our guidance but I want to take a minute to comment on the free cash flow line. Like most companies we're working through the estimated impacts of the U.S. tax reform. We anticipate a meaningful benefit to free cash flow, our Board is considering the potential uses of the extra cash but no decisions have been made yet. That being said we have many options available and we're always very disciplined about our capital allocations. Any decisions we make will be consistent with our focus on balancing growth and returns to maximize long-term value. Premise of our 2018 guidance; strong operating environment. Now frame two questions that cover the basics; first, well our core business and our specialty segment continue to see solid demand in 2018. And second, will this demand be driven by a healthy rental cycle without relying on natural disasters, legislation or other events. In our opinion, the answer to both these questions is yes. Our core general rental business is performing extremely well, commercial construction remains robust and we're seeing continued strength in rig infrastructure which has been a strategic focus of ours for more than a year. In fact, our revenue growth in this vertical has been outpacing market growth. Our infrastructure contracts run the gamut from airport renovations in New York and New Jersey to roads and bridges in Texas, and a pipeline work in the central region. States and municipalities are finding the money to make critical infrastructure repairs, and if Washington comes up with funding for public works that money will benefit future years. In other verticals a large number of energy related projects has been at present supplies, it's encouraging to see oil prices stabilize in the 60's and corporate construction is going strong; this includes large corporate campuses and data centers. There is over $4 billion of data center construction scheduled for Virginia D.C. area alone, and tax reform encourage more corporate spending possibly as early as 2019. More immediately, there are signs of that plant turnarounds could ramp up later this year and this should benefit -- would benefit our industrial business. Internally, all of our region submitted market outlooks that are bullish on 2018. Perhaps the most important is the customer sentiment is positive and on the rise; almost 66% of our customers surveyed in December described their outlook is improving. This was the strongest reading in almost four years and in fact, the quarter as a whole showed sizeable gains in customer confidence, both sequentially and year-over-year. In Western Canada which has been an economic outlier our team reports that customer sentiment is positive for the first time in three years. Turning to our specialty segment; our trench, power and pumps operations gave significant ground in the fourth quarter. As reported, segment rental revenue was up almost 39% year-over-year primarily on same-store basis. The gross rental margin increased 230 basis points to 47.5% for the segment. The plan for this year is to open at least 18 specialty branches and continue to grow this very successful arm of our strategy; and this follows the 16 cold starts that we opened last year. So that's a backdrop for 2018, a number of promising dynamics underscored by broad-based demand in a healthy cycle. And this is consistent with virtually every key indicator for our industry. By given the level of customer activity we've earmarked up to $1.95 billion of gross rental CapEx this year; and as we consistently demonstrated to our investors we maintain a high standard for the use of capital and we'll be keeping a close eye on market trends and we're not -- we won't hesitate to adjust our CapEx up or down, if necessary. Another tailwind for us in 2018 will be the added capacity we brought on board last year. Our acquisition of NES [ph] last April gave us greater density on the East Coast, Gulf and Midwest, and further entrenched our brand as an aerial supplier. With NES, we gained a strategic position in earthmoving with almost a 40% increase in dirt equipment. Our general rent segment has been able to sell more effectively the vertical such as infrastructure and disaster recovery with this fleet. And in addition, we expanded our specialty offering with smaller acquisitions focused on power equipment and site services. Our larger organization stands the benefit for every growth initiative we take going forward. For example, we're making significant investments in the future of customer service to innovation. Our digital technology is one enhanced the way we gain and retain customers and manage change. One major development we have underway is a single digital platform to integrate all of our customer facing technologies; this includes online ordering, account management, GPS analytics, use of equipment sales, [indiscernible] sales, total control asset management, and our United Academy training portal. We're also leveraging the data we harvest in areas like telematics and so one of the many ways we help our customers become more productive in their use of equipment. And that's just as important as that you understand why we're making these investments. Today more than ever customer service is a moving target, the spaces we operate are constantly evolving, it's critical that we give customers multiple ways to work with us and we must anticipate the needs for tomorrow's job sites. The investments we're making are intended to deliver tangible business benefits over the long-term. So as you can see 2017 was one step forward after another, it was our busiest year but it was also our safest year on record. Our total recordable incident rate for 2017 was just 0.78 making it the fourth year in a row our rate was below 1; and this speaks to the caliber of our people and our culture. You may have noticed that culture is getting a lot of attention lately in the business world. Lots of us talk about what it takes to achieve employee engagement and sustainability, and other attributes of good corporate citizenship. Well, I'm proud to say these are all part of our core values. United Rentals has a long history as a purpose driven company, our employees are personally invested in our vision. The last quarter I spoke about our United Compassion Fund which is the way our employees help each other. We also support the National Association of Women in Construction and we've been advocating for military veterans for over a decade lending our support to numerous causes. And just recently, we were ranked number 7 in the nation as a top military friendly employer across all industries. Years ago when we first made culture a priority we decided that the best way to create sustainable value was to bring together the interest of our investors, our customers and our employees as one cohesive company and as a result all stakeholders are well served by our success; that's how we delivered a record year in 2017, now it's our time to do it again. So with that I'll ask Bill to cover the quarter and recap the year and then we'll take your questions. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good afternoon everybody. We've got a lot of topics to go over in this quarter, so I may send out some of the normal commentary we do but please if I skip over anything of interest raise it in Q&A. Michael gave a lot of the pro forma's for the full year performance, so most of my comments will be focused on as reported data, I'll call out the pro forma's where I think it adds to the understanding. I'll start with the rental revenue as always; a $1.646 billion was the rental revenue in the quarter, that's up 27% or $348 million versus last year. The breakdown started with the ancillary and re-rent, those two combined were up $51 million year-over-year. Ancillary was the big driver and that reflected primarily the volume of delivery fuel and Rental Protection Program revenue that we had from the addition of NES and NAF. Certainly, we continue to drive delivery realization as well in the base business; those were the main drivers of that 51 increase between those two items. OER was the remainder; within OER volume was up $322 million reflecting the nearly 29% growth in OEC on rent that Mike called out our rate was $12 million contributor as well year-over-year as positive rate of 1.1% in the quarter on as reported basis. The pro forma rate realization in the quarter is 2% and that's certainly is encouraging as we go into 2018. Replacement CapEx inflation, we call $17 million reflecting our normal inflation and mix and other was a headwind of about $20 million in the quarter as well; so the net of all of those added together gives you the $348 million change on rental revenue in the quarter. Quickly moving to used equipment sales; another good quarter for us in the used equipment with $172 million in proceeds, that's up $37 million versus last year or 27% increase. The adjusted gross margin on that revenue was at 57.6% and that's an 8 percentage point improvement over the prior year. Key drivers there, we talked in the past about improving the realization against fair market value and our used equipment sales is one of the project excel initiatives; so that continue to contribute in the current quarter, as well though that the overall market was strong, pricing in the market was strong with pricing as indicated by our proceeds as a percent of OEC coming in at 53.6%, that's up 20 basis points over last year. And I'll remind you that's on very old units that we're selling which we sold units at an average age of about 91 months in the quarter. To give you another view of pricing and our used experience; if you just look at our retail sales on used equipment and compare like-for-like units that sold this year versus last year, the pricing on like-for-like units in our retail channel was up about 5% over last year. So again, a good market for used equipment pricing and the demand for volume is still robust so we're able to sell everything that we need to sell. Moving to adjusted EBITDA; $947 million in the quarter, that was up $198 million over last year or about a 26% increase. And the margin on adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was 49.3%, that improved by about 10 basis points over last year. The components in the bridge of that $198 million increase volume was $216 million contributor on the growth that we talked about, rental rates at EBITDA contributed about $12 million of year-over-year improvement, the ancillary performance I mention contributed about $23 million of EBITDA the used sales performance was another $33 million of positive year-over-year contribution. The headwinds, fee inflation; we'll call that $13 million of headwind versus last year, our usual merit increase of about $6 million and then the bonus accrual across all of the incentive comp programs cost us about $26 million versus last year. Mix and other accounts for the other $41 million of headwind and really that mix in other number is a little bigger than normal driven by the fact that we added Neff in the quarter, right, Neff revenue came in fully loaded with all of the costs of Neff as opposed to incremental cost for the other increases in revenue. So put it all together and it explains the $198 million increase in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. The follow-through on adjusted EBITDA was 49.6% in the quarter; I'll remind you that that experienced the headwind of incentive comp adjustment, that $26 million I called out previously; if you take that out the flow through was about 56% for the quarter. Just a touch on Neff a little bit more; we estimate that Neff total revenues in the quarter came in at about $115 million of which about $96 million was rental revenue in the quarter. The EBITDA contribution for Neff we're calling $62 million and that includes the impact of about $3 million in synergies that we realized in the fourth quarter from the Neff acquisition. In fact on the synergy front of that $3 million, the bulk of it came late in the quarter in December; if you annualized what we experienced in synergies, these are pure costs synergies mind you, if you annualize that December result we're at a run rate savings of about $25 million of Neff related synergies. So we're well on our way towards the $35 million cost energy that we called out when we did the Neff acquisition and we certainly expect to deliver that before the end of year two as we called out initially. We're also on-track to deliver the procurement savings and it's still early days on all of the revenue synergies that we expect but we certainly haven't seen anything that causes us to believe we won't be able to deliver on all of the synergy targets when we acquired Neff. Moving quickly to adjusted EPS; you saw the numbers in the press release, $11.37 for the quarter, I remind you that if that includes the benefit of tax reform we had a positive tax adjustment, I'll touch on it in a minute but if you take out that tax reform aided benefit which was about $8.03 in the quarter you end up with $3.34 on an adjusted after-tax reform basis, that's up 20% versus last year which was $2.67. If you do the same adjustment for the full year you end with an adjusted EPS after the tax benefit of about $10.59 and that's up just over 18% over the prior year. So even taking out the impact of tax reform it's very clear that our EPS performance is nicely higher. Free cash flow in the quarter; just briefly on that, $983 million for the year that includes however $76 million worth of payments that we made for merger related and restructuring items. If you take that $76 million out obviously that leaves $907 million which is still a very robust free cash flow performance in. So we're very pleased about the free cash flow that we generated in '17 and look forward to an even more robust free cash flow performance in '18. I'll skip a lot of the discussion I usually go through on the debt activity in the interest of time but certainly we discussed the actions in our debt portfolio in the press release, redemptions, upsizing ABO, upsizing AR facility, all of that in the quarter made for a very active quarter but the net effect was that we ended the quarter with net debt of $9.1 billion, that's up about $1 billion. Year end was very strong, $1.7 billion of total liquidity made up about $1.3 billion in ABL capacity and the remainder in cash within the business. Briefly on the share repurchase program; you saw that we reinitiated our share repurchase activity in Q4, we bought about $28 million worth of shares, that's a little over 167,000 shares in the quarter and certainly left us with about $345 million to repurchase under our existing repurchase authorization at the end of the year. Since the end of the year I'll note that we have also bought another $45 million, so or so during the month of January to-date -- so as we sit today there is about $300 million left on the existing program and as we've said before, we expect to execute the remainder of that program during the course of 2018. On ROIC just real briefly, we finished the year with ROIC of 8.8% that's a 50 basis point improvement over the prior year. And just to give you a sense of the impact of tax reform on ROIC, it will be significant. So if the 21% federal tax rate had been in effect for all of 2017 that 8.8% ROIC would have come out at 10.7% as calculated; so obviously a very significant impact based on the way that we calculate ROIC looking back over the prior four quarters. As we go forward through 2018 the effect of that tax reform change will gradually increase our ROIC as reported, so in the quarters coming we'll be sure to call out both the actual calculation but also the calculation assuming that the 21% federal rate had been in effect for the full period. Briefly on tax reform; I want to try not to get too deep into this one but just want to make sure that several things are clear. First in the impact on 2017, there was a significant tax benefit that our deferred tax liability for the new lower tax rate, that rival adjustment was about $746 million. Separately we also recognized $57 million of additional transition tax to cover the transaction payment associated with our foreign earnings, the net of those two was what you saw flowing through our fourth quarter tax line. If you take those out of our fourth quarter tax expense the full year effective tax [Technical Difficulty] to the investor deck where we added another example of a project XL initiative and how we think about the value that it's contributing, this one focused on our sales optimization effort that involves assigning more single point responsibility for key accounts. Finally guidance; you saw the guidance that we issued in the press release -- I won't go through all the numbers but maybe it would be helpful to talk about the adjusted EBITDA guidance and give you a framework for thinking about the range that we put out. If you look at -- let's use the midpoint of that adjusted EBITDA guidance, so 36.75; and look at the components that lead you to that midpoint from our 2017 actual experience. We call it this way, the addition of any S&F for the periods that we didn't know last year would add about $180 million worth of EBITDA just from the businesses as we bought them last year; so assuming no growth they would add about $180 million in 2018. The other acquisitions would add another roughly $10 million or so to get us to a new baseline for the acquired businesses. If on top of that you added synergies for any S&F which combined or about $50 million, call it $20 million NES, $30 million for Neff, you get another $50 million on top. Our bonus reset will be a tailwind for us in 2018, it will be about $30 million less expense than we had in '17 so added $30 million on top of that. Our used equipment sales will go up a little bit in 2018, so in our net rental CapEx guidance we called out an impact of about $600 million of used equipment proceeds in 2018. If you take a 50% margin, apply to that just as a rough estimate that adds another $25 million year-over-year. And for the remainder, if you just assumed a simple 6% rental revenue growth at a 60% flow-through -- all of those assumptions take you right to the midpoint of our guidance range. Whether we do 6% rental revenue growth or more or less we'll leave to your own imagination as analysts but we wanted to frame the guidance range that we gave for adjusted EBITDA in a way that lets you see the broad impacts of some of the specific items and gets you in the neighborhood of what we think the year will look like. Finally, just a comment on free cash flow and capital allocation; there is a lot of interest and what are we going to do with all this cash flow; we're guiding to $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion of free cash flow as the range for 2018. I think it's fair to say that as we look at the possible uses of that cash flow our mindset for how to make decisions about capital allocations has not changed. We still want to make sure first and foremost that the leverage of our business is appropriate for where we are in the cycle, we believe the answer to that is yes. Then we want to make sure that we're making the right decision about the amount of organic growth to put it in the business through CapEx is appropriate, we believe the range that we've given you for CapEx is very appropriate in the market environment we expect. M&A is always part of our thinking about uses for cash flow and we certainly will be ready to do acquisitions that makes sense but they need to make sense, we've been very disciplined about that. And finally share repurchase, we've talked about completing the existing program $300 million remaining as we sit today; whether and how much more we might do beyond that is the subject of a discussion that we'll continue to have with the board as we go forward throughout the course of the year. If we deliver the guidance that we talked about here, we should finish the year with our leverage ratio of something like 2.2 times at the end of the year, that would be very low versus the range that we've historically talked about it 2.5 to 3.5 times. So we'll have a very active discussion throughout the year about where we allocate the use of this cash flow and what level of leverage we think is appropriate for where we are in the cycle. Like I said, a lot of topics, so let me stop there but if there is anything that I missed please raise it in Q&A. So Operator, can we open the call for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: I just want to kick-off with the free cash question just Bill as you were going through those details; but look at -- your guidance right now, your EBITDA and free cash conversion looks like it's 35% to 40% at least for 2018 but looking further out is there any reason that you can't hold that level of conversion for the next several years because if EBITDA continues to grow you're presumably kicking off $1.5 billion for year on consensus numbers for the foreseeable future. So I just wanted to get your reaction to that thought process? Is there any reason why that cash conversion should really change materially in the next couple of years?
Michael Kneeland: Ross I'd say that there is nothing really unusual other than the impact of tax reform, nothing else unusual driving our free cash realization. So I think that story might be told by the impact of tax reform. Remember that the 100% depreciation under tax reform goes away after five years, so at some point that benefit is going to be reduced. Remember also that they placed caps on the amount -- the percentage of EBITDA that you need to be below in order to still deduct interest expense, we are below that cap currently but that cap changes from a percent of EBITDA to a percent of EBIT at some point in the next few years. And depending on where we are in our profitability and our leverage it may have an impact as well but those are the things that I think over the future years -- the unusual things that might impact the cash conversion outside of just our normal operating performance.
Ross Gilardi: Just on the supply demand balance for rental equipment; if the market was excessively tight after the hurricanes, do you feel like we've come back into balance as you've pulled forward some CapEx and clearly it's the seasonally softer time of the year but do you feel like price momentum has got subside in the first half of '18 -- more when you get into the spring months as you pulled forward some your CapEx?
Matt Flannery: I wouldn't say that there has been an extraordinary tightness due to the hurricanes, maybe in a few markets but we felt all year demand was -- that the combination of demand and the disciplined supply of the industry really played into the dynamic of great opportunity and better time utilization; and we see that continuing and we're forecasting that to continue throughout 2018. As far as -- we maybe a little bit lighter on the cadence of our 2018 CapEx growth; so we might bring in a little bit less than normal in Q1 just because we brought more in Q4 than we usually would but other than that no real impact on our full year thoughts about CapEx where we get back to more normal cadence.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: I had two questions if I may. The first is just on dirt as a relative attractiveness; I mean there is a lot of signs with the used equipment etcetera that the dirt is maybe tight. I don't think there is any structural improvement there and obviously if you've mixed the fleet that direction with the acquisition. And then second, all the stuff from both maybe you can just respond as you choose. I love that total control chart that you've got in the slide deck. I mean can you give anecdotes around this; it would appear that you're steadily, steadily growing that base; I don't know if you're losing anybody who has installed or if there's a really good lock-in on it and what people are seeing in terms of benefits and savings as I guess as well as you guys?
Matt Flannery: As far as the great observation on the total control value we feel very strongly about it and fortunately the customer response seems to feel strong as well; so that is organic growth and it's as you could see a couple of points higher than what our overall growth is. And I think that's important because although it's not a huge percentage of our customer base they're usually large important strategic customers and we go through that extra effort to add value to them and they do outpace our overall growth. As far as the dirt attractiveness, obviously we like the impact of the Neff acquisition, not just the talent we brought in or the fleet mix but I think the biggest opportunity are the customers that we brought with that. So adding a larger mix of dirt gives an opportunity to serve maybe a broader customer base than we had previously. The net-net impact in dirt fleet, it went from 12% of our overall fleet profile last year to 14% this year and although that is an impact, the bigger impact is the access to those customer bases, especially in key verticals like infrastructure which we're very bullish on.
Rob Wertheimer: So can we expect you to continue to invest a little bit in following along with the dirt side?
Matt Flannery: Absolutely, especially as the demand continues and we already were to be clear set aside from the Neff acquisitions; the Neff acquisition just gave us a real boost specifically in the larger end of the dirt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: First question; you referenced the industrial side of the business. Could you talk about what portion of your revenues are really made up of the industrial side and then what you've seen over the past couple of years whether that's more stabilization or whether that's kind of moving off of a bottom and just trying to appreciate what kind of recovery we could see there?
William Plummer: So just the aggregate industrial have to pull a number together but the key areas for us as we think about growth going forward, chemical processing certainly is an attractive growth area for us. The manufacturing might be a little slower this year, metals and mining and minerals we think could be a nice growth area for us as we go forward as well. And then power pulp, paper and wood products will probably contribute as we go forward as well. Oil and gas, if you want to call that industrial has been a growth area for us, upstream activity had a nice growth in 2017 given the impact of oil pricing and drilling activity, the upstream part of that will be a growth area for us. Midstream and downstream will depend on -- quite honestly on the timing of some of the turnarounds in the refinery complex, that timing is always a little bit of a wild card for us but certainly we have reason to be somewhat optimistic that that will be a growth area for us as well. So hopefully that's useful.
Michael Kneeland: I would just add additionally that the capital spending forecast for what is the largest part of our industrial business is petrochem are both positive for 2018 and 2019; so we're encouraged about that as well.
Joe O'Dea: Michael, you're occasionally asked about interest in expanding internationally; I think you usually address that is something down the road but certainly don't eliminate the possibility. And when you think about the kind of cash that you're looking at generating over the next few years, does that in any way influence how you think about the timing of potentially -- expanding some of your growth to overseas?
Michael Kneeland: The fact that we've had the capital available to us, not only coming into this year in 2018 but we've had it for quite some time. It really to me is going to be predicated on our customers, the customer demand and wanting us to go beyond. We talked about total control, there are a lot of Fortune 500 companies that we are engaged with and using our digital front. And that may be the impetus to get us beyond North America but there is no footrace and as Bill mentioned about acquisitions, they will be what they will be and they would be under the same scrutiny that we've always gone through it. But still plenty of opportunity in North America but we never say never and when the time is right or the customer is prepared, we'll be prepared to go what them.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso. Your line is open.
David Raso: I'm just trying to think about the commitment you've usually had to 2.5 to 3.5 leverage. I mean, Bill you've been there for 10 years and every single year you've been there the company has never ended the year below two and a half net debt to EBITDA. And if you look at logical thought of where you're EBITDA is at '19 -- I mean your net debt to EBITDA is usually down like one-eight. I mean you're literally talking about $2.5 billion to $3 billion to put to work; are we still committed to where I shouldn't expect to not end below $2.5 billion net to EBITDA either of those two years? I mean at this level you could -- the next 24 months buyback over 15% of the stock. I'm just trying to understand are we still committed to something that you've always done, you've never ended a year since they hired in '08, below 2.5 net debt to EBITDA.
William Plummer: David, I think -- I don't -- I can't get too far out on this discussion because honestly I can't get that far ahead of our board but I think we've made a compelling case in the past that 2.5, 3.5 is a good range; we have always said that we're not afraid to go a little above that for the right deal or a little below that depending on where we are in the cycle. So it's not like gets a religiously set number to say 2.5 is the absolute lowest. That said, if it were Bill Plummer's world, 1.8 is too low, right; I believe we selected that 2.5 to 3.5 range because it represents our view of a good balance between efficiency of the capital structure and management of the risk against the cycle, right. Getting much, much below 2.5 starts to become more inefficient and you don't get much in terms of protection against the downturn. So that would be the argument I would make to the board but the board has their perspective on this issue right, and so going through that and discussing it and coming together on a point of view is what the process is that we're going to go through to decide where we end up in terms of the leverage. And it's going to be live and up by the fact that there may be deals that come along or the market strength may indicate that we need to spend more on capital as we go along. So I'd say stay tuned is the way to think about it but certainly we're very pleased to be in a position where we can think about all these things at very large scale.
David Raso: So as you said in the Bill Plummer world, this Slide 20, 2.5 to 3.5 is still the way to think about the company and you're not going to deviate off of that for too long and you've not heard anything from the board to suggest they want to delever the company beyond this framework; is that a fair assessment for now?
William Plummer: I think the fair assessment is to say we don't live in Bill Plummer world. So at least not Bill Plummer world alone; so I'd just point you to stay tuned David and we'll talk about it as we develop that thought process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber. Your line is open. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Scott, you're on mute or operator are we have any difficulties?
Operator: No. Please standby. Mr. Schneeberger your line is open.
Scott Schneeberger: Mike, I was curious in your comments about plant turnarounds later this year; it's kind of something that people have been waiting for -- I'm just curious if you could delve into that a little bit more and is that something that you're expecting and perhaps in guidance or is that something that's -- that would be an upside? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Scott, there is a lot of positive industrial macro indicators that are out there, number one. And I'm not going to list them all because I think you know who they all are but they are uniformly positive, number one. Number two, just looking at some of the other resources  IR [ph], they are looking at the value of maintenance projects and capital projects as increasing; so we take those along with what we get back from their regions and our customers -- what they have on their books and what they're seeing. So we take all that to frame up our comments.
Scott Schneeberger: And then I'm curious on the progress report on online rental systems; just -- it's been a couple of years now and wondering how far have all decided [ph] and where that's going to go? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: As far as where it is today we feel very confident and about the capabilities we've built, the customer adoption we know is going to be a longer cycle; so it's not a big piece of our revenue right now and it's a pretty good mix of new customers versus existing customers. What we truly believe and why we've invested in this area is this is going to be the price of entry in the future, and not just for new customers but we think a lot of our existing customers will break more and more technology; so we view this as a must have long-term which is why we made the investment and we're seeing good early signs of the people that are adopting it, it's still a small percentage of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Pricing was stronger than normal seasonality for you folks; in the fourth quarter I'm wondering if you can talk about how broad-based was -- it was the pricing strength versus normal seasonality and can you give us some context in terms of feedback you're hearing from the marketplace into January?
Matt Flannery: I think you can look to Slide 7, we actually give you a three-year sequential pricing grid there if you want to get into the detail later but you're correct, it was better than 2016, we're very encouraged by that. I think it plays off of the demand that we've been discussing on the call today and really throughout the calendar year '17 and we expect that to continue. If you want to delay over or carryover, so -- and we're going to talk about rate pro forma because we think that's the important way to think about it and it's the way we manage internally. We've got a 1.65 carryover going into 2018 -- pro forma. If you overlay the exact experience of sequential rate performance that we had in 2017 over that that would get you to about a 2% year-over-year rate improvement pro forma for '18. So we feel that's a good anchoring point; all I would say is that we haven't had a Q4 in a while where every single region had positive sequential performance and we're very pleased with that. Even Canada got to almost flat year-over-year in Q4 which is great for that team that's been fighting headwinds for a few years now.
Unidentified Analyst: And Matt, it sounds like that momentum is continuing in the early part of the year based on your comments just now and earlier in the call, is that a fair assessment?
Matt Flannery: I would say it's as projected, we're not giving in quarter guidance but Q1 always has -- it will be your toughest sequential but it's the year-over-year that we're focused on and trying to maintain that momentum and you know, that's embedded in our conversation, stay tuned for April, you'll get the exact update.
Unidentified Analyst: And on your digital platform, can you talk about what kind of recurring business you're getting out of it? So is it truly transactional one-off new client signing up or what do the usage statistics look like for you on that presumably? With your footprint you folks are better positioned than most in that platform and I'm wondering if you're seeing the level of statistics on the recurring business that are supportive or is it mostly transactional?
Matt Flannery: So as far as recurring, as I stated to Scott it's about 50-50; existing account customers and new customers joining in and they overtime convert to account customers but it is very broad geographically, product mix and even duration of rental. I would -- it's certainly a higher percentage of transactional than our overall base business because we have such a large base of key account business but I'm very surprised by how much recurring business and long-term rentals we're getting through that as a percentage as well.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would add to that is, the digital era is here and it's going to grow overtime. And if you take a look at the total control, order entry for our customers and even internally for -- whether it be our sales force, the digital component is going to grow. What we've been doing is we've put everything under one unified platform so everything comes together in a more customer-friendly environment; so it's not only -- like I said in my opening comments, it's not just a digital -- if they want used equipment, if they want to go into safety training, rent equipment -- find information on their fleet through telematics, this is all coming together under one uniform platform that we have built and we're rolling out. There will be more to come and more update as we make progress but it's an investment that we're making for the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher. Your question please.
Steven Fisher: Just talk a little bit more about what's driving the shift to positive pricing year-over-year? How much of that is mix including the oil or activity or recovery versus just general tightness for all the across the market versus some of the analytics approaches that you've been doing or anything else?
Matt Flannery: Steve, it has been very broad, it is not any one segment, any one geography, any one vertical. Although we have had oil and gas growth to put in perspective it's still less than 5%; the upstream is still less than 5% of our overall revenue and I don't think it has -- certainly hasn't yet and I don't truly think that will ever get to the rate levels that it had previously, right; we're not going to have that oil rush in upstream again. I think everybody understands including the operator -- that wasn't a healthy way to operate and I don't see that recurring. So it's really been lifted by just -- by broad-based demand and as I mentioned, every region in the company had sequential positive rates in Q4.
Michael Kneeland: I would say that it's also as you know -- the industry is overall is reacting positively; so I think I've mentioned this in several calls in the past that our industry is becoming more sophisticated and smarter, and knows about returns and so that's a good sign and I think you'll probably hear others as well talk about it.
Steven Fisher: And then if I could just follow-up on a question that Joe O'Dea asked earlier; if you could talk a little bit more about the process industry activity in the Gulf Coast, specifically in 2017 versus 2016? How did that look on a year-over-year basis for rental? And then I know you mentioned there's a number of petrochemical projects that you see in the works out there -- what have you embedded in your guidance for sort of the timing of all that happening and Gulf Coast '18 versus '17?
Matt Flannery: So specifically in the Gulf Coast I would call the first half of '17 was a little bit tougher than the back half; we actually saw improvement in Q4 in petrochem. I think going forward more importantly the capital spending forecast are up in both, higher in chemical, I mean we're talking about plus 30% capital project spending in chemical and almost double-digit in refining and those are really the two big buckets of business that we focused on in the Gulf Coast industrial business. So I think it's -- we can call it flattish to slightly up overall in '17 over '16 but encouraged and planning to do better in '18.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer.
Rob Wertheimer: I just wanted to ask a philosophical question on investment in technology. I mean do you view this is something that you keep spending as a constant percentage of sales? As you're seeing -- I mean your scale is obviously growing a lot with the acquisitions and the growth we're doing. And so you keep spending and see a widening gap versus folks or do you accelerate it maybe because it just enhances the sustainable margin/locking advantage you have versus folks or is there eventually scale on the technology spend that you've been ramping up for the past two or three years.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think it will be a combination of all of the above. For example; the investment we made in telematics and now educating the end user on the benefits of what they can get out of it and making that information for them available in a format that they can get and manipulate as need be, that'd be one. With regards to companies trying to find ways to control their cost, drive better time utilization or efficiencies in their plants or on those job sites; that's another form by which we do. And then you know we talk about safety, our United Academy of making sure that we're connecting not only equipment but people as well, that I think is going to pay dividends for us as a company in entangling our customers in a way that I don't know what my competitors are doing but what we know is that you know the digital communication is important, it's real-time, is giving them data, it requires them just to log-on where -- I'd far as I know were one of the few if not the only that you can order deliver, return and never talk to anybody and for some people in programming their jobs that's very attractive. Not everyone has a staff. So we're trying to touch as broad audience as we can and we're specializing in areas like -- we talked about total control but there are benefits that we think that will yield us a lot more in the longer term. We will continue to invest, the board is very supportive of thinking about digital and how we can think differently and helping our customers become more productive. That's what we do for a living, that's our job.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ramsay Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess I'm just thinking about your expansion plans for specialty for the next year and maybe even beyond; is the competition in this segment getting intense enough as more rental companies try to execute growth here. Is the competition making Greenfield expansion or bolt-on expansion harder or less attractive?
Michael Kneeland: This is always competition. I think it makes us smarter, makes us more customer-centric, makes us have to think about what we bring to a value proposition. I never assume anything and so we have to make sure that we're listening to the customer and making sure we're meeting that demand. Some of our competitors are doing some other similar things that we're doing. But it's up to us to sting out how we can make a smarter or better mousetrap to capture that customer. We're broad, we have a broad customer reach and how we can leverage our customer through our cross-sell I think is something that we are doing exceptionally well and we'll continue to leverage on that.
Matt Flannery: I would only at now certainly remains attractive and a prioritized focus for us in investment. We're going to do another 18 cold starts in specialty in 2018 and that's on top of the sixteen net we did this past year, so it still remains very tracked and I'll make sure that's clicker. But if the competition is getting stronger we're getting better because our growth rates are still pretty robust.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, as you can see we're excited about 2018, we expect to report solid progress in the coming quarters. In the meantime, as you -- you can always call Ted Grace, how is our Head of IR with any questions you may have and I urge you also to go on the website and download or look at our investor presentation that we have online. So that wraps up for today, so operator you can please end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Chief Financial Officer Matt Flannery  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: David Raso  Evercore ISI Tim Thein  Citigroup Rob Wertheimer  Melius Research Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer Joe Box  KeyBanc Ross Gilardi  Bank of America Joe ODea  Vertical Research Partners Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets Steven Fisher  UBS
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Third Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys earnings release, investor presentation in todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer back to the companys earnings release and investor presentation to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. I want to open the call by saying that we are extremely pleased with the strong third quarter results we reported yesterday. It was a pivotal quarter and one that require disciplined execution in light of many different dynamics at play, both internally and externally. Some of our strategic actions we took to grow the business, others were market conditions that were broadly positive for our industry where we could realize more value through scale. And then there were the hurricanes, which created immediate challenges and longer-term opportunities. Now our third quarter results and our new full year guidance were shaped by these dynamics. Well, Ill start by recapping some of the financial highlights. Now as a reminder, the year-over-year numbers are pro forma for the acquisition of NES in April, pro forma meaning the combination is presumed to be in effect for the third quarters of 2016 and 2017. Now one of the reasons we give pro forma numbers is to be as transparent as possible about how the business is performing, and in the third quarter our performance exceeded expectations. Now here are our four key metrics that reflect well in our execution in the quarter. One is our volume of equipment on rent; we delivered volume growth of 7.6% year-over-year. This was a solid step up versus the prior two quarters. Second is rates; a major one in the quarter. We generated positive rental rates both sequentially and year-over-year for every month in the quarter. This is the first period since the second quarter in 2015 that rates were positive year-over-year. If you recall last quarter I said that our rate trend looks encouraging, but we wouldnt rest. Well, we didnt rest, and I can promise you that we wont rest going forward. The industry backdrop on rates has become more constructive. And now that weve turned the quarter, our team is excited to build on that. Third is time utilization. This metric has been running at record highs and we delivered again in the third quarter. Utilization increased 180 basis points year-over-year to 71.9%. Thats probably a milestone for the quarter as a whole, but also for each of the months individually. And fourth, free cash flow. Through September was a solid $582 million which is ahead of expectations. Thats after nearly $1.5 billion of growth rental CapEx and another $52 million of merger and restructuring costs. Before I move on I want to give you an update on our integrations. The heavy lifting behind us on NES were tracking better than the $40 million of cost synergies we projected. With revenue synergies we remain confident that well achieve the $35 million target by year three. The Cummins rental acquisition is just two months old and its already paying dividends. The assets and the team we brought onboard are fully integrated into our Power & HVAC businesses. And the Neff deal as you know closed earlier this month. So thats a fourth quarter impact. But heres an update on the integration. As of this week, the acquired branches are all running on our operating system. Thats going to jumpstart our collaboration on sales and fleet. The rest of the integration is right on schedule. Were merging that back office sales, the operating teams, and adding telematics to the fleet. And were analyzing the combined operations to identify efficiencies, as well as cross-sell opportunities with our combined customer base. None of these activities would ensure successful acquisition if we didnt have good people. And what we got with Neff is great people that come from a culture similar to our own. We knew that was true going in, and its nice to see that first hand. Lets step up in scale. Neff gives us a larger platform for growth going into 2018 just as NES did in the spring. Both acquisitions are timed to capitalize on the continued strength of the cycle. In fact, the operating environment in the third quarter was among the best Ive seen in a while. Our core general rental business which excludes specialty, jumped 4.7% year-over-year pro forma. And from a company wide perspective, both the U.S. and Canada are trending well. Our business in Canada is up 9% in local currency. In the U.S. the coast remained strong and the Gulf and Southeast are starting to rebuild after the hurricanes. And our regions are broadly positive in their projections. In addition theres a lot of evidence pointing to sustained project activity, particularly in commercial construction. Our customer survey indicated that optimism has increased sequentially in the third quarter. Given the demand is so broad, I thought Id share some insights into our vertical activity. In the construction sector, our revenues from both non-residential and infrastructure increased by double digits year-over-year, and that would have likely been the case even without the NES contribution. Infrastructure is a target of our Project XL initiatives. So clearly thats paying off. And now residential construction is our core business because of the mix of commercial projects is so diverse, a double-digit increase in that space is exciting to see. In the industrial space with oil and gas we saw large year-over-year revenue increases across drilling, production and transmission. Refining was the only notable headwind and thats largely due to part of the storms. Elsewhere in industrial, the standouts in the quarter were the food and beverage, manufacturing and pharmaceuticals. And by contrast, activity in the chemical processing industry was flat as expected. And overall Id say that were in the strongest position yet to capitalize on the growth of industrial. I want to comment on specially operations. Our Trench, Power and Pump segment delivered a major increase in rental revenue in the quarter of 33%, primarily through organic growth. Break that out, Trench was up 16%, Power was up 44%, and Pump was up 46%. Im most impressed by what the teams did with the margin. Rental gross margin for that segment as a whole increased 280 basis points to an outstanding 54.8%. And were on track to meet our target for 16 specialty cold-starts by year end, and in 2018 youll see us continue to grow that segment as a cornerstone of our strategic plan. I also want to bring you up to date on the hurricanes, Harvey, Irma and Maria. We always hope for a quiet hurricane season. And while we dont always get our wish, this time the storms were particularly devastating. Our people are to be commended for how quickly they responded across our network. Harvey distorted hundreds of our employees and customers in Texas, some of them lost their homes and businesses. In Florida, the keys are still digging out and the West Coast has a long recovery. And it just wasnt limited to those two states; Louisiana took a hit, as did Georgia. In Puerto Rico where Maria was catastrophic, weve been shipping fleets to our national accounts that are helping out with the recovery. Now our best estimate is the storm-related business accounted for about $6 million of incremental revenue in September, and Ill share something else about September. In the aftermath of historic hurricanes in the middle of the integrations and at a time that peak seasonality we had just three minor reportable incidence for the entire month and thats new safety record for us. Something else came out of Harvey that makes me proud. And Ive spoken about our united compassion fund before. Our employees donate to the fund to help their colleagues. After the Harvey hit the compassion funds board which is made up of branch employees voted to make Neff employees eligible for emergency grants even though the deal had not yet closed. That tells you everything you need to know about our culture. So lets talk about CapEx. Our new guidance increases our CapEx plan to up to $200 million this year. And the broad growth of end market demand is starting to strain our fleet in some geographies. Our customers needed equipment for projects and we needed to be there for them. This is consistent with our strategy of protecting customer relationships that generate high returns over time, and well use a portion of the $200 million to address the natural disasters. And we expect this quarter to be a time of severe need for many of our customers. And so were comfortable pulling some CapEx forward for that purpose. As always we can be very flexible adjusting the timing and the amount of our spend in a relatively short notice. So Ill close with this comment on the quarter. The most powerful tailwind behind our growth has been our disciplined execution across a combination of factors. Our Project XL initiatives, prudent investments in fleet, accretive acquisitions, and most of all a robust market demand. And we expect the same combination to bear fruit in the fourth quarter and our updated guidance reflects that. The fourth quarter is also where were seeing new benefits from the Neff acquisition, a further injection of rental CapEx and the market activity that we think will exceed normal seasonality. So in short weve added horsepower at a time when the cycle is trending in our favor. That gives us a great deal of confidence about where we go from here. So now Bill is going to review the numbers in detail, and then well go to Q&A. So, over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everybody. As Mike said, theres a lot going on in this quarter, so Ill get to the bridges pretty quickly and then well try to address some of the other items that are present in the quarter. Starting with rental revenue. As usual, lets go with the third quarter of 2017 totaled $1.536 billion, thats up $214 million over last year or 16.2% as youve seen. We had a nice result in the quarter for ancillary and re-rent revenue, up $24 million on ancillary and $9 million on re-rent. And really that increase reflects the impact of NES along with the higher volume across our business overall. So ancillary is things like delivery, fuel our rental purchase protection program and so forth, nice increase there up about 18% over the prior year, and re-rent is re-rent of equipment that was up 19% as well. The OER increase totaled $181 million. Volume was a major driver there. Volume attributed $208 million of increase year-over-year, and then rate added another $1 million on top of that. And the deducts were replacement cost inflation calculated in our usual way, that cost is about $17 million in the quarter. And then mix and everything else was a headwind of about $11 million there as well. So those are the key pieces for the revenue change. The only other highlights for revenue include the impact of the storms. Michael mentioned that we recognized about $6 million of revenue incrementally for storm affected areas in the quarter, thats in the year-over-year change. Looking ahead that $6 million should grow to something like $20 million of storm-related revenue impact in the fourth quarter. Moving to used equipment sales. $139 million of proceeds in the quarter, thats on a sale of $238 million of OEC equipment in the quarter. So $139 million represents a $27 million or 24% increase year-over-year in proceeds from used equipment sales, and that included about $26 million of proceeds for a former NES equipment that were sold in the quarter. I called that out because as in the second quarter those units brought along a higher margin based on the greater depreciation attached to the NES equipment. So that impact is coursing through the overall result in the quarter. It shows in the margin. Our margin in the quarter for used equipment sales in adjusted basis was 56.8% and thats up 10.4%  percentage points over last year. So the NES impact is certainly part of that year-over-year increase, but not all of it. We are selling used equipment into a pretty strong market overall, I think thats supported by a number of external measures. But its also very directly supported by our results year-over-year in our retail sales. On a like-for-like unit basis compared to last year we were selling equipment in our resale channel, its something around 5% higher prices than we did last year in the third quarter. So robust market overall, supported by the sale of older and more depreciated NES units, explains that 56.8% margin for the quarter. Whatever way you want to look at it though, its a pretty good result for us. The average age of the units that we sold were about 93 months, and yet we still brought back over 50%  53.2% in fact of the original value of the fleet in our used equipment sales, so a pretty strong result down the line. Moving to adjusted EBITDA. $879 million is an increase of $132 million over last year or 18% increase, and the margin in the quarter was 49.8%, thats 30 basis points better than last year. Similar story here, volume is the main driver, a positive $139 million impact from the 18% increase in volume, and rental rates contributed only another $1 million or so positive there. The strong ancillary result, we calculated $14 million of positive year-over-year contribution, and then our used sale result as I called out before the margin was up about $27 million year-over-year. Other lines of business contributed another $4 million outside of used rental and the ancillary that I called out previously. The deduct fleet inflation we calculate is $12 million of headwind, our merit, our usual $6 million in the quarter. The biggest deduct was the increased bonus accrual that we had in the quarter. Compared to last year our bonus accrual program was up $28 million, thats an increase reflecting the strong performance this year, but it also compares to a slightly lower than normal number last year as we  many of you might recall we adjusted our bonus program accrual downward in the third quarter of last year to reflect its performance. So thats the biggest headwind, that leaves about $6 million, $7 million of mix and other negative year-over-year to explain the $132 million overall impact. Just to call out the impact of the storm-related revenue on EBITDA, that $6 million of incremental revenue from the storm areas translated into about $4 million of EBITDA benefit spread throughout these various lines in the third quarter. And as we look to the fourth quarter, the $20 million of incremental revenue in the storm areas that I called out, we expect to translate into something like $12 million of EBITDA benefit in Q4. Flow through from this EBITDA was 51.2% in the quarter, but that does include that merit  that bonus accrual increase that I called out. If you adjust for that $28 million, our flow through in the quarter would be 62% for the quarter, which is in line with the 60% that we typically  Mike talked about. Moving to free cash flow. Mike called out the $582 million of free cash flow, once you adjust for $52 million of merger and restructuring related cash outflows, that number moves up to $634 million year-to-date through September. And I put out that number because thats the basis on which our guidance is given for the full year, excluding the merger-related and the structuring charges. So its a pretty strong free cash flow result so far this year. It is down from last year at the same time last year was a particularly strong free cash flow year for us. If youre interested in the year-over-year bridge, the main driver is obviously $200 million year-to-date of increased adjusted EBITDA is a good guide, but against that our rental CapEx is $340 million higher than it was last year, so thats a deduct. Our cash taxes are higher by about $100 million so far this year, thats a deduct. And then the net of interest paid merger and restructuring charges and all other working capital adjustments gets you to the $264 million delta between this year and last year. Our rental CapEx expenditure for the year totals $1.5 billion so far year-to-date, and again thats up about $340 million versus last year, and reflects the higher plan spend but also adjust the overall strength in the market that weve been addressing with our rental spend and maybe some timing differences this year versus last year. That net rental CapEx year-to-date is $1.1 billion, and again its up about $325 million or so versus last year. In the debt activity and liquidity it was a very busy quarter for us in our debt transactions. In addition to financing the Neff acquisition, we also refinanced our 6 1/8 note. We upsized our accounts receivable facility by about $50 million, we have upsized our ABL by about $500 million, and we call the remaining balance of the 7 5/8 notes that were still around all during the quarter. The 7 5/8 redemption will actually fund later this month in October, so it didnt show in the year end balance of debt, but the activity was very robust in the quarter. It left us with a net balance at the end of the quarter of net debt balance of $8 billion, up a little bit from last year. And again, Ill remind you that does not include the settlement for the Neff purchase. That settled on the second. And so when you add that funding net debt on top, our net debt balance right now is something about $9.4 billion. We also improved our liquidity during the quarter. It shows at the end of the quarter its $2.9 billion, but that did not take into account the payment for Neff. So if you make that adjustment, we finished the quarter with about $1.6 billion of total liquidity, including ABL availability and our cash balance. Let me touch on share repurchase just briefly. You saw in the announcement that we announced the reauthorization of repurchases under the existing $1 billion repurchase program that we have, and that program has about $370 million remaining to be executed. The reauthorization is basically housekeeping. When we initially announced the $1 billion repurchase, we put a time limit of about 18 months on it. While we have the program paused as we settled in on the NES acquisition and got ready for the Neff acquisition, that 18-month time period expired, and so this was just a reauthorization of the same program. Our intent is to evaluate our cash flow position for the remainder of this year after the Neff settlement and as we build our confidence that cash flow is on the path that we expect. We would expect to begin executing under that program with the intention of completing it by the end of 2018. Real quickly on Project XL. We have continued to make good progress on the Project XL initiatives toward the $200 million run rate impact that we called out by the end of next year. A variety of the projects are all moving along nicely. We did put in the investor material a look at one of the other initiatives under Project XL, which is our focus on improving our realization of used equipment pricing. We look to improve it relative to fair market value of the units that we sell. So we gave you a schedule that just shows you how we progressed on that year-over-year improvement measure throughout the course of this year and the cumulative EBITDA impact that we realized during the course of this year because of that improvement. I think it shows up in the commentary that I made about our used equipment results in the quarter earlier, and it is just one more view of the kind of thing that we are doing under Project XL. Real quickly on the integration of NES. Just to give you a synergy update, as Michael mentioned, the integration is essentially complete at this point with the major actions having been taken already. And our run rate now for the realized synergies is nicely higher than the $40 million that we initially called out. For the sake of discussion, we could call it about a $40 million run rate. In fact, in the quarter, we realized about $10 million -- $45 million run rate, I would say, about a $45 million run rate. In the quarter, weve realized just a little over $10 million in Q3, and that puts us on a path to realize something north of $20 million, call it $23 million to $25 million in the full year of 2017. So nice progress there for the expense saves, synergies. And then regarding the fleet procurement savings, we called out a range of $5 million to $10 million, and we believe that well be delivering at the higher end of that range once its all said and done. Let me wrap up with some commentary on the guidance update that we gave. You all have seen the numbers, but just to add a little bit more color, the increase in our EBITDA and revenue guidance really reflects a couple of major drivers. Obviously, the impact of adding Neff in Q4 is included there, but it also reflects just the overall strength of the business that we saw build during the third quarter. So Ive called that already. The impacts of revenue and EBITDA from Neff additions. So just to be -- I havent done Neff. I did the storm-related. But just to give you some more insight on what Neff is included in that guidance update, we expect the revenues from Neff in the fourth quarter to be about $110 million, and we expect EBITDA to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $55 million from Neff alone. On CapEx, Mike hit the real motivation behind our CapEx increase. Certainly, its partially due to the demands from the hurricane-affected areas, although not from replacing fleet that was damaged. That amount was fairly minimal for us. If you look at both the Harvey and the Irma areas, in total, we lost about $13 million of OEC fleet due to the storms. So clearly, well have to replace those, but its not a major part of the increase in CapEx that we guided. Really, that increase was importantly guided by the overall demand that has spiked in those hurricane-affected areas. Weve moved about $100 million of fleet into the hurricane-impacted areas. And so we will up our spend a little bit to cover the fleet that came out of other areas into hurricane-affected and to put some more fleet back into those areas that donated into the hurricane areas. And then were going to add a little bit more fleet that will land in the hurricane-impacted areas to help with what we expect to be a nice incremental demand from the rebuild activity as that plays out. Maria, just to mention that, we havent done a lot with Maria. Weve certainly shift some equipment to customers who are taking it over to Puerto Rico. We expect that therell probably be a little bit more demand that plays out there as we go forward, but havent really put a strong number to that just yet. Michael mentioned that some of the increase in CapEx were thinking about as a pull forward for next year, and thats certainly the case. That is the way that were managing the uncertainty around how long the rebuild incremental demand will play out. If we see it play out for a longer period of time, then we can increase our spend next year to replace what was pulled forward into this year. But if it dies down more quickly than we expect, then we can adjust by thinking about the spend this year as pull forward for next year. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more color in how were thinking about CapEx. But certainly, we can address it further in Q&A if a question is still out there. Finally, on free cash flow, we increased our guidance at the midpoint, something like $75 million. And certainly, that reflects the increase in CapEx net of incremental EBITDA and any working capital impacts and just the other components of our free cash flow. Importantly, our cash tax expectation in the quarter and in the year is lower as a result of the extra CapEx and the bonus depreciation attached to that, but also of the Neff addition, right? You all remember when we announced Neff that it brought along a nice tax -- cash tax benefit with the step-up in depreciation and small -- a balance of NOLs that Neff added. So as that plays out in the fourth quarter, it benefited our cash taxes and certainly was a part of that increase in our guidance for the full year. Thats a lot, but we certainly wanted to give you a little bit more detail on a variety of these areas to help give a sense of the impacts in the third quarter and what we think in fourth quarter. But certainly, wed be glad to answer any questions about anything I may have missed in the Q&A. So lets go to the Q&A right now. Operator, lets open up the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: Thanks very much. I was just trying to think through what you just reported and what you guided, how does it sort of influence how I think about your earnings power next year? And what caught my eye was the implied fourth quarter. You have an incremental EBITDA margin implied around 47%, which is actually a little lower than the 51% you just did. And Im just thinking about the incentive comp drag, I would think would be a little lower than we just went through. Neff stand-alone comes in at higher EBITDA margins than 47%. And maybe most importantly, if were thinking about 2018, it seems like the fourth quarter maybe the first time in, I dont know, two years, three years where your rate growth year-over-year could be as much or more than your fleet utilization growth, which historically is a positive mix for profitability. So can you help us understand why the incremental EBITDA margins will be worse in the fourth quarter than the third quarter?
William Plummer: Thank you, David. Ill start on that one. Regarding our bonus accrual, youre right. It shouldnt be as high as what it was in the third quarter. But I do remind you that we gave ranges. And the ranges, I would argue, if you look at the extreme of the ranges, it might be a little bit more normal in terms of the incrementals in Q4.
David Raso: Okay. So thinking after then to the 2018 thought process, the way you thought about CapEx and given what appears youre going to have some carryover from rate utilization, obviously, is also going to be healthy with -- especially in the hurricane areas in the fourth quarter. When you set up the framework for 2018 and its framework, its early, is next year a year where the framework is rate growth should be higher than your utilization growth? Just given how hot the utilization is and how were exiting the year, I would think that would be base case. But just so I understand so again I think about the potential implications on incremental margins.
William Plummer: Sure. So I dont make a link between rate growth and utilization growth the way your question implies. What I would say separately is that our utilization growth has been pretty strong over the course of this year and actually going back into last year. And its, in my view, not reasonable to expect that were going to continue to deliver 160, 180 basis point improvement year-over-year forever and ever. So I wouldnt be surprised to see that year-over-year comparison come down a little bit in 2018. And so thats the way I would think about that. Rate growth, weve established momentum in the right direction, right? The question is how far can that go? And thats really going to be handed to us by the market as well as our execution. I feel confident that our execution and focus on rate is going to be good. Will the market continue to offer up the kind of year-over-year improvements that we started to see here? Time will tell. So those two components I think about separately. But I think in any case, both of them are set up nicely going into 2018. And well execute as best we can in 2018 to take advantage of whats there.
David Raso: And with this, just sort of clear, though, youre thinking separately, but fundamentally, rate provides a better incremental margin than utilization, correct?
William Plummer: Absolutely. We certainly want to get as much rate as we can and do it within the operational framework that allows us to deliver time utilization improvement, right? Thats how were thinking about it. The question is, is the market environment there that allows us to do it? If it is, I think we can deliver pretty effectively as you saw in Q3.
David Raso: All right. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Tim Thein: Great, thank you. And Bill, just to follow up on rates, can you update us in terms of where you are today in terms of repricing the NES contracts? It would -- at least, based on the pro forma you gave last night, it would appear that you did make further progress in terms of narrowing that spread. But just kind of want to get an update there as to where we sit today on harmonizing those contracts. And then just as related to that, where, based on the midpoint of your revenue guidance for 2017, what would the carryover impact be at the midpoint in 2018 on rates?
Matt Flannery: So Tim, this is Matt. I would say as far as NES contract harmonization, they didnt have a lot of fixed price business in NES. So that would be an area where you would actually technically go to the customer and harmonize any gap that would exist between the two. We dont -- were not really tracking, at this point, any NES stand-alone metrics. The business is so fully integrated right now, as Mike had mentioned in his opening, that the customers are seeing it all as one. And most of the pricing is spot pricing at this point. I will say that wherever there are gaps, theyre all in one price zone right now. So you continue to see movement towards -- much closer towards United historical pricing. But were also very cautious that these are relationships that we value and we paid a lot of money for, and were going to maintain those relationships. So its not directly answer your question, but I think directionally, youll see in the rate results that weve done a good job of creating a lesser gap.
William Plummer: Yes. And Tim, on carryover, I mean, you guys can all fill out a spreadsheet as well as we can and make your own assumptions about how the rest of this year finishes out. But if you make any reasonable assumptions, I think youre going to be a point of carryover, if not a little higher going into next year if this year finishes out with anything decent. So the backdrop is a good starting point, but thats not where we want to rest on our laurels, right? We want continue to try and manage the rate and do it in the context to what the markets offer.
Tim Thein: Okay thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your question please.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you operator and good morning everybody. So you are effectively achieving record time utilization. And you guys have worked hard and getting rate also, which is lovely. You guys have worked hard on operational improvement. Can you see at a branch-by-branch or region-by-region level whether you can actually push time utilization higher than you might have thought two and three and four years ago, and therefore, you can get more out of less fleet? Or do you think youre actually at pretty good levels here and if the markets strong, youll continue to add fleet to keep it at this level?
William Plummer: Yes, Rod. So were certainly are at pretty good levels and considering were at record levels. So we already enjoyed significant time use advantages over the industry benchmarks. I think that we ask our questions all the time is how high can we go? Density helps us with that, and I think that some of what were seeing is weve grown to be a bigger company. Density and marketplace certainly gives us the opportunity to drive higher time than you could have in the past. Itd be difficult for me to say that were going to beat the record year next year, but I guarantee you, that is our goal is to continue to push time use as high as possible.
Matt Flannery: Look at September, right, 73.6% utilization in the month of September. Imagining operating at that kind of level all year long, its certainly something that would be great to see. But its a real challenge, right? Its tiring to operate at that level. As we continue today, our lean initiatives and our focus on improving our operations are all about getting us more a capability of operating at higher levels of utilization. I think its fair to say a few years ago the thought of being at 73.6% in September might have been intimidating to some people. Well, we just did it, and so theres opportunity to do better. Thats what were trying to do on a continual basis.
Rob Wertheimer: That is wonderful. Can I ask you a little bit of a more, same idea but a little bit more of a structural one? Can you see yet results from Total Control that go beyond anecdotal and served indicator or not that you can widen your competitive gap versus the industry and how youre able to provide better efficiency to your customers utilization or otherwise? I mean, just maybe see if that is widening out on the data versus industry results.
Matt Flannery: Yeah absolutely Rob. Our penetration with our TC customers continues to grow. Its a big differentiator for those customers that value that tool. And we will continue to separate further by enhancements to those tools. Technologies moving quickly, and we have to keep up with it. If you think about just GPS alone, we have over 200,000 with GPS, telematics on it right now, and our goal is now 270,000 with the addition of the extra Neff and NES fleets. So we continue to fill out that value prop to our customers on technology, telematics, and TC is a big part of that.
Rob Wertheimer: Thanks, I will turn it over. Appreciated.
William Plummer: Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
William Plummer: Hey Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Good morning everyone. Two quick questions. Ill ask them both upfront. One, on the CapEx pull-forward, I understand that the storms in strong demand environment. Could you discuss is there any pricing benefit to that with OEMs since were in that season and how we might think about that as a pricing perspective next year? And then the second question is with the mention of the resumption of the share repurchase program, are we taking a step back here from the M&A pipeline? Just curious the implications of that. And if not, kind of areas youre looking at.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah Scott, I will take the second. Ill start with the second. And then, of course, Matt and Bill can jump in on the first one. But no, I think Bill outlined it, as we talked about a little bit of housekeeping. But we look at every acquisition on its own merits. The team has done a wonderful job of providing lots of dry powder for the company, and were very disciplined about our approach. That will not change. Ive talked about it ad nauseam about how we think about strategic fit financial and cultural. And we will continue to look and see what those opportunities bring. Were not afraid to do an acquisition, and were not afraid to pass on them either. So I think the disciplined approach that weve had has yielded great benefits. And youre seeing that in some of our results. As far as the first question, Ill pass it over to Matt.
Matt Flannery: Sure, so we most of the fleet that we buy are from strategic partners that we set up on an annual basis. And we dont leverage them in a last-minute order, and they dont leverage us when things are tight. So theres really no movement there in pricing. These are more important longer-term relationships that we have with our vendors, and were very pleased with the way were treated.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much guys.
William Plummer: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc. Your question please.
Joe Box: Hey good morning guys. So maybe just to dovetail off of Scotts question. I mean, it seems like utilization is pretty tight across the entire space right now. Curious to your sense for maybe the industrys appetite to grow fleet. And then related to that, is there any risk right now that the OEMs actually cant deliver on your $200 million CapEx increase?
Matt Flannery: So Joe, we  no, we have POs aligned, slots aligned we got everything we need to execute on that. If the demand remains, well go all the way up to that $200 million. If not, itll be towards the 70 50. But were all dialed in with as far as slots and deliverables from the OEMs.
Michael Kneeland: The market dynamic will be the market dynamic. We dont know what the competition will do or not. We are myopically focused on our customers and the value proposition that we can bring, but were cognizant of it. We watch it. And again, we are very disciplined around our capital spend.
Joe Box: So maybe just a follow-up. Im just trying to understand some of the moving pieces for CapEx and free cash flow for next year. Certainly, not asking for guidance, but directionally, how should we be thinking about total replacement need here? Obviously you guys have added Neff, which probably need some replacement. And then are we thinking more or less replacement needed as we started to climb out of maybe the lack of purchases from 2009 to 2011.
William Plummer: Yes. So Joe, regards replacement, if you think about it as the legacy United business needing to replace, weve been selling something like $1 billion of OEC before the NES deal. So that continued with a little bit of growth, plus you add a need for replacing, lets say, 100 each for NES and Neff, just to use round numbers, that gets you up to $1.2 billion kind of replacement spend on an OEC basis. And obviously, the inflation impact there, you have to add in, right? Because youve got every unit that you buy today replaces a 7, 8-year-old unit at 15% lower price. So you add 15% on top of that, youre probably in the neighborhood of $1.4 billion kind of replacement need out of your CapEx next year. So thats a rough starting point. And then well debate, of course, growth on top of that, and that will get us to a 2018 CapEx number. Were going through that process right now, our budgeting process. So clearly, we havent decided on the final number. But in terms of replacement spend, thats the logic thats pretty good starting point.
Joe Box: Thats helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Hey good morning guys. I wanted to ask you guys just a couple of macro questions. Just first on interest rates in general. I mean, weve obviously been in this low interest rate environment seemingly forever now. What happens to the business in the rental industry if we get a spike in interest rates? How should we think about your position versus some of the smaller players and so forth and just the overall growth dynamics?
William Plummer: So weve always said it depends on what caused the spike in interest rates, right? I mean, obviously, the cost of interest goes up, but if the spike is driven by incremental economic activities across the economy, then in construction, you would expect the benefit from that. And so the net-net impact might be positive associated with a spike in interest expense. As it relates to sort of the competitive position of us versus the rest of the rental industry, well, I certainly feel great about the position that were in, right? Weve got a very low level of floating interest in our overall debt structure. And so we would feel an impact, but Im going to go out on a limb here and say it might be less of an impact than some of our competitors. And so that should put us in a little bit more advantage position in terms of financial performance. Could it stress some of our competitors to the point of them impacting the actions they take in the marketplace? I guess, it could, but it depends on the individual competitor that youre talking about.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, thanks Will it is helpful. And then do you think the repricing on NES and I imagine youre going to go through some of that with Neff as well, do you think the repricing of the contracts because theyre pretty big players in the grand scheme of things after you and Sunbelt, I mean, is that contributing to the general pricing environment that were seeing in the market?
Matt Flannery: Ross, this is Matt. There are some contribution to it, right, from NES. Neff, were pretty aligned across the board about our pricing, our pricing methodology and the culture around pricing. But with NES, we got a little bit of lift from that. I think more importantly even in our non-NES overlap markets. We have seen similar pricing increases. So although its not a driver for the macro, it is certainly a couple of bps improvement over the normal.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe ODea from Vertical Research Partners. Your question please.
Joe ODea: Hi good morning. First just thinking about some of the EBITDA lifts next year related to Neff and NES. Could you talk about whats remaining on the stub portion there just with some of the seasonality that we could see in 4Q or 1Q and stuff that wasnt captured with them. What your thinking as we roll into 2018 on that? And then any additional contribution on some of the realized synergy savings.
William Plummer: Joe, its Bill. Im going to have to ask you the question again. Im missing your question.
Joe ODea: Sorry. So really just looking at the tailwinds to EBITDA from Neff and NES, as you get full realization of those next year and then on top of that, you get some cost synergies?
William Plummer: So I think if your question is about sort of the full year effect next year of adding NES and Neff, well have an extra quarter of NES next year. This year, that number was about $30 million. So that could be a good starting point. So call it $30 million of impact from adding a quarter of NES. For Neff, call it $150 million for adding the three quarters that we didnt own it next year. And then the synergies for NES, I called out north of $20 million of synergies realized this year. If you had a 45 run rate, you call it 25 realized this year, that nets out to an incremental 20 year-over-year. So thats a benefit next year. For Neff synergies, lets  you can pick your own number, right? We said 35 of synergies fully realized at the end of two years, I think, it was. So $25 million, $30 million of synergies realized during the course of next year. You pick [Audio Dip] thats an impact there that we might see. Is that helpful?
Joe ODea: Thats perfect. Thank you. And then just in the press release, it noted fourth quarter market activity would exceed normal seasonality. And just any additional context on that. In particular, how do we think about if there is such a thing as normal seasonality for rates and based on EBITDA margin thats implied, it doesnt look like youre suggesting better-than-normal rate experience?
Matt Flannery: Yes, Joe. This is Matt. I think that was more referring to demand and partially an explanation of why you saw an increase in the capital spend ranges. We normally wouldnt spend that much in a Q4, so we thought it noted an explanation. But that demand is there, and its not all just storm-related. As far as rate, I mean, were going to always push to do more, but we all understand the seasonal patterns of rate, and all of this is embedded in the guidance that we just updated.
Joe ODea: And can you add anything just on the months? I mean, normally, sequentially, I think wed still see growth in October, maybe a little bit November, December, sometimes under a little bit of pressure. Anything that you could do in terms of adding numbers to that?
William Plummer: Yes. Normally, the normal  whats normal but if you go back over an overview as you would see a positive October. November can go either way, depending on the year that youre in, and December typically would be a slight negative. But how much on each of those is always the challenge, right? So Ill leave that to your imagination.
Joe ODea: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
William Plummer: Hi, Seth?
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning guys. Hi good morning.
Matt Flannery: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber: So just going back to the CapEx pull-forward question. Is it safe to assume that most of that is tilted towards Gen Rent versus specialty? And I guess, the spirit of my question is if you look at dollar utilization for the quarter, it was actually down for booms and lifts and forklifts as well year-over-year. So I mean, earthmoving was up. So can you give us any flavor for where that incremental CapEx was going and maybe any color on why dollar
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. Well, first, I think youll have to remember, if youre looking on a year-over-year basis, we did  youre looking at a comp that didnt have the NES boom business in it and then does in Q3 this year. So that was a little bit of drag on the age that weve been moving down and a little bit of a drag on the dollar but which will continue to improve that spread as well. As far as the pull-forward spend, it looks very much like what our normal spend would be, maybe a little more heavily weighted on specialty. Because some of the immediate response that we needed and a little less on booms and reach forks for the same exact reason we have more of those around. So other than that, it looks similar to our profile. Almost all of it core fleet and very fungible assets.
Seth Weber: Okay. So more on specialty, Matt, is that what you said?
Matt Flannery: Yes, a little bit more on specialty just because some of the remediation, some of the power. And we might even got some more pumps, as busy as pump was to help.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thats great. And then maybe, Bill, just a quick follow-up on Project XL. Appreciate the disclosure of the 10  I think it was $10 million or $11 million from that one initiative on the used sales. But can you just give us an update kind of where youre at? And were getting close to needing to have some sort of line of sight to that $200 million number. Can you help us frame out the steps to get  how should we think about the cadence to get to that $200 million run rate number versus where were at today?
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. So weve discussed this every quarter since weve talked about Project XL. And we debated about the best way to tell the story in a way thats useful, right? And the way thats useful is whats the incremental impact on our profitability, right? And the challenge that we have  and Im giving you a background here, but the challenge that we have is that the individual projects each have their own set of metrics. And those metrics may not necessarily directly tied to an incremental EBITDA impact. And so were looking at ways, various ways to try and back out the things that you shouldnt count as incremental EBITDA. Thats a long-winded way of saying that I dont have a specific number for you right here now on the incremental EBITDA impact of each of those projects. What weve tried to do is to pick out the ones where we feel like theres clarity around the incremental EBITDA impact. So obviously, improving the utilization of equipment versus fair market value is true cash flow impact. And so we wanted to show that, wanted to show a little bit more of what were doing. But Ill ask for further patience as we try to look for the best way to give you what youre asking for, which is more concrete pacing about how were getting to the $200 million impact.
Seth Weber: But is it fair to assume that 2018 is going to be a bigger benefit versus 2017 just to  as you ramp to that $200 million number? I mean, that seems like a reasonable assumption.
William Plummer: Absolutely. Thats fair. The exact quantification of that is what we want to put some more thought to. But what I can say is this, Seth. As we look at how the projects, in aggregate, are tracking versus the targets that were laid out when we kicked off Project XL, were performing very nicely against those targets. So the ramp-up on the metrics at each initiative uses is, in aggregate, nicely ahead of the targets that weve laid out. But we want to  when we communicate something out, we want to make sure that its useful and clear. And right now, theres just too much analysis and discussion we would have to give in order to relate the measures that we have to the $200 million run rate that were targeting. So well ask you again for your patience.
Seth Weber: Okay. Ill ask you again next quarter then.
William Plummer: Im sure, you will.
Michael Kneeland: By then, it should be embedded in our guidance.
Seth Weber: All right, thanks guys.
William Plummer: Thanks Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
William Plummer: Steve?
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Steven Fisher: I know you guys said that you dont know what the markets going to do in terms of CapEx going forward, but to what extent are you actually seeing some discipline and restraint in the market today? And if you are seeing some general discipline, is it more on the pricing side or on the CapEx side? And Im wondering if given the robustness of the conditions that youre seeing out there if you would have ordinarily expected to see other players already putting more CapEx into the environment where we are.
Matt Flannery: Steve, this is Matt. I would say that were seeing both  we are seeing discipline. We measure it by absorption, and weve been seeing that for the entire year, really starting fourth quarter last year that the discipline on the capital spend versus the incremental demand has yielded positive absorption. And we think thats played out into stabilizing rate and given us the opportunity to get pricing where it was pre-2015. So I would think that the industry has been disciplined on both fronts.
Steven Fisher: Is consolidation having any real impact there? And what else do you think is driving it?
William Plummer: Yes. Thats a hard one to quantify. I would say sort of based on basic economics that consolidation could be helping. How much? Its hard to say. What we try to do, though, is just to make sure that were looking at the market realistically and were taking actions in a disciplined way. And if we continue to do that and if the rest of the industry continues to do that, we certainly think that it should position the industry to perform better.
Steven Fisher: Okay. And then can you just remind us the timing of repricing of all your National Account contracts? And if its around the next couple of months, what extent would this quarters results set you up for stronger pricing as you head into those discussion?
Matt Flannery: So its not really on a calendar schedule anymore, Steve. We actually intentionally try to address those throughout the cycle. It makes it easier for our team and with the acquisitions that was just some triggers that actually made it necessary to harmonize some set pricing at different times. So theres not really an annual trigger like maybe four, five years ago where were doing everything in Q4 and Q1. Its a little more spread out.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on todays call. Our third quarter investor presentations are available online if you havent had a chance to see it. Obviously, you can reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR, with any additional questions. Its been a busy year, and were looking forward to starting 2018 with a lot of momentum, so stay tuned for our next call. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer Matthew Flannery - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Raso - Evercore ISI Timothy Thein - Citigroup Investment Research Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Securities Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group Steven Fisher - UBS Investment Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rental's Second Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys earnings release, investor presentation in todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the Companys earnings release and Investor Presentation, to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on today's call. We would like to cover today starting with a strong second quarter. Our results reflects some of the best fundamentals weve seen in the years. Some of that external but a lot of it comes from executing well at the Company. I also want to talk about market demand, which has been stable at the high level. And we have some thoughts on how 2017 and 2018 will play out and then as the guidance that we gave an update last night. So let's start where we are today. Now I want to mention four metrics that are especially meaningful and then Bill will discuss them in detail for the quarter. Now, our metric is our volume, pro forma for NES volume in the second quarter was up 6.6% and we have a similar increase in the first quarter which points to a healthy marketplace. Rates another good story, we achieved positive rates trend across our business in the quarter with sequential improvements each month, and we're close to being positive on our rates year-over-year, but don't expect us to rest. rates will continue to be a major area of focus for us. Our employees understand how critical it is at this part of our strategy. Importantly, the gains around RATES, we also increased time utilization to a new record of 69.4%. This is the highest time utilization of any second quarter in our history. In fact, each month set a new record. And finally, our free cash flow. Through June stands at a robust $614 million, which is right on-track and that's after $968 million of growth CapEx spend. These are excellent metrics that show how effectively we are running the Company. Our people look at everyday managing the business with discipline right to the height of the NES integration. So one thing you will notice as we go through the call is that we're no longer talking about standalone NES in United Rentals. While the integration is ongoing, we are now operating at one organization. And we have made a great deal of progress on a $40 million of cost synergies we identified in April as Bill will discuss. So I'll give you some of the operational milestones. The back-office sale and operating teams are now fully integrated and the branches have moved onto our management systems. We're in the process of training our new employees on salesforce.com and our rate management tools. We're rolling out right optimization technology for deliveries and a special training is underway. We're also installing Telematics on the acquired fleet and we're about 10% through the retrofit program with Telematics installed on over 2500 machines. But one of the most important parts of the integration has nothing to do with equipment. Back when we bought NES we noted that our two companies share a strong sticky culture. While I'm pleased to say that last month. We had the safest June on record. We recently finished the series of [town homies] (Ph) for over 1000 employees in our combined Company. For some, this is the first Town Hall and their first chance to meet Company executives. And we opened these meeting to comments on safety, operational excellence, technology and communication and as always our employees are not shy about forcing their opinions. I was pleased to see so many different prospective put out there and we're always willing to change how we do things if there is a better way and the Town Halls help us schedule it. So NES has turned out to be a strong fit and we bought them at the right time. Now our performance this quarter was about more of an NES, our entire industry is in a growth cycle. Customers need more equipment and were in front of them with a bigger fleet and a larger footprint. Key indicators such as the Dodge Momentum Index, the AVI and construction backlogs are all positive. Spending on commercial construction remains strong and to forecast of the U.S. equipment rental industry overall has continued growth over the next few years. Two former drags on demand have turned the corner, one is upstream oil and gas where the inflection point we saw last quarter has been sustained and the other is Canada. Western Canada seems to have stabilized and eastern provinces are going strong. Internationally rental revenue was up 7.3% in the quarter and volume was up 8.8% with improving rate trends. Thats the strong as growth we seen in Canada and eight quarters. In the U.S. our largest revenue gains continue to come from two coast, in New England for example, more than $5 billion of large projects are either starting or ramping up in the third quarter following a strong spring. These range from Casinos and plant expansions to office complexes. In the West we're seeing multiyear project for entertainment venues and large corporate campuses. And in the South East, its automotive plants, data centers, infrastructure and manufacturing. Another fourth indicator is our customer confidence index, in June the level of optimism remains strong with a maturity of our customers indicating that they expect our business to improve over the next 12 months and we go right to the same conclusion. In our opinion the cycle has substantial runway ahead. Now turning to specialty, our Trench, Power and Pump segment continues to outperform underpinned by strong organic growth. In the second quarter, the segment revenue increased 19% year-over-year primarily on same store basis and gross margin improved by 250 basis points to 49.6%. Our Pump Solutions business had now standing showing with revenue up more than 37%, some of this is due to the rebinding upstream oil and gas, but they are also getting traction on other verticals. And we will continue to expand our specialty network with a total of at least 17 cold starts this year, seven of those are operating now, bringing our specialty footprint to 224 locations out of a total of 960. Our specialty cold starts tend to hit the ground running in part because many of our existing accounts needs solutions that are outside the scope of general construction. This helps to differentiate us a premium rental provider. Four years ago, in 2013 specialty accounted for 10% of our rental revenue in the second quarter. This year, the number was 19%, so specialty rentals are becoming increasingly important to our business. Another initiative is well tie in for the up cycle is Project XL. Project XL is a tool kit of work streams focus and driving improved profitability and we are targeting $200 million of run rate by year end 2018. All the pilots are complete and we are phasing them into the operations. And before I hand it over to the Bill, I want to spend a minute on guidance that we issued yesterday. It raises our 2017 outlook for revenue, adjusted EBITDA, capital spending and free cash flow. We are confidence that the market will support our higher expectations for revenue and EBITDA. And we've allocated another $100 million of CapEx to make sure that we can meet that demand. It helps to our industry continue to be more disciplined about repurchases and the supply of available rental equipment is being absorbed into the marketplace. And when we look at third-party data, we're encouraged by the broader industry is getting rates improvement as wellness growth and demand continues to outpace and supply, our rates dynamics are likely to benefit. I think my core comment this morning to convey not only the broad scope of the opportunity we had, but also how well positioned we are to take advantage of it. The decisions we make are designed to balance growth with margins, free cash flow and returns to maximize our long-term value. In the second quarter, we showed that we can achieve this balance across the business. Now as we entered the busiest period, we see even more potential to convert our strategy into value for our shareholders. So with that, I will ask Bill to cover the numbers and then we will go to Q&A. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike. And good morning to everyone. As Mike said, we got a lot of information this morning on the second quarter, a lot going on in the quarter. I'll try to give you normal color on the information that we usually report. We have also had lot of questions about NES and the impact there, so we will try and carve-out where we can information there that would give you sense of how NES is going for us. Let me start though as usual with rental revenue in the quarter $1,367 million was up and $163 million or 13.5% over last year. The components driving that were I will start with the ancillary revenue had a good quarter there with ancillaries adding $21 million over last year really driven by volume partly from NES, but just the raw volume of the more fleet on rent as well as the higher revenue from delivery and fuel associated with rentals. Re-rent was a positive too year-over-year, basically volume related there as well, but the bulk of that $163 million was the owned equipment revenue growth, within that $140 million from OER growth, $181 million contribution from volume, so really strong quarter in getting mostly on rent. RATES cost is about $13 million of decline year-over-year that from the 1.2% reported decline in rental rates versus last year. Our replacement CapEx inflation was $16 million in the quarter and then at left $12 million of unfavorability from mix and all other and there is a lot going on within the mix and other column this quarter, you will see that when we get through the bridge for EBITDA year-over-year, the addition of NES as well as other mixed factors like class and period mix. So those are all the key components to the revenue change year-over-year. Let me just take a minute to say a little bit more about our rates for the quarter and the impact of NES within that rates. It's a very difficult question to try and address how much the NES impact our rates for the quarter. Obviously the 1.2 as reported decline in rates reflects the fact that we didn't have any extra in the last year period, but we did in this year. And as you all know and you've heard us say before NES rates came in lower than United Rentals rates and so it's had a drag affect on the reported 1.2 decline. You can see that by comparing that 1.2 decline to the pro forma rate performance which was a 40 basis points decline, with pro forma being defined as NES was put into the last year period as well as this year period. So that difference just gives you a sense of how much the addition of NES rates weigh down the as reported number. When we dig in and try and identify exactly what happened to the NES rates period-over-period, what happened to the legacy United Rentals rates period-over-period. It becomes very difficult to really carve things out that way. Weve integrated NES very rapidly, the fleet has moved tremendously, weve consolidated branches and all of that just makes it really hard to say what is NES and what is United Rentals. But we still want to give you an indication, so what we did was we look at the regions in our business our U.S. gen rent business, where there was no NES impact. And we had three regions where there was either exactly zero or very close to zero impact from adding NES. Our pack west or Midwest and our south regions. For those three regions, when you look at their year-over-year rate performance, they were down three-tenth, very similar to the overall pro forma decline of the total company. So that gives us a sense that we were moving rates effectively in the right direction, both for areas that were impacted by NES and areas that were not. In fact if you look at the months of the quarter and look at the monthly sequential rates for those three regions combined. Those are pretty solid month, they had an April sequential of 20 basis points positive, 70 basis in May and 120 basis points in June. So nice improvements in rates even away from where we had impacts from NES. Hopefully that gives you a little bit more flavor for what the rate picture looks like both in the areas affected and the areas not affected. Let me move down to used equipment sales. $133 million of used proceeds in the quarter that was essentially flat with last year and delivered an adjusted gross margin of 52.6% which was up robustly 4.8 percentage points versus last year. Here again, there is an impact of NES, we just wanted to try and call out for you. Within the 133 of proceeds was included $15 million of proceeds from the sale of what had been NES equipment. That accounted for about $32 million of original cost equipment from NES sales. That NES sales impact we estimate at something like $6 million of benefit to the adjusted gross margin. So that will give you a sense of what happens when you are selling the NES fleet, which as I'm sure most of you know typically is older fleet, they operated with an older average age of the fleet, so it generated more robust margins than maybe we would have got out of our legacy United Rentals sales. They also had a more rapid depreciation schedule that also contributed to the book value being lower and therefore the contribution to adjusted profit from use being higher. All of the sales continue to happen in a robust market environment, our pricing experience is still pretty good within United Rentals and that compares to market pricing that our indication is still pretty good as well. In fact in the quarter, we sold equipment at a little over 89.5 months of age and we still realize 54% of the original cost for the sales this quarter. So pretty robust pricing environment for used equipment sales overall. Let me move to our adjusted EBITDA performance in the quarter $747 million in the quarter thats up $68 million compared to last year and the components of that $68 million increase were as follows. Volume, again the big story, $121 million positive over the last year, only offset by about roughly $13 million of rental rate decline that I called out in the revenue bridge. The ancillary gains contributed about $11 million at EBITDA and they were just about enough to offset the fleet inflation headwind that we normally experienced, that fleet inflation was about $12 million of headwind in the quarter. Used equipment sales year-over-year contributed $7 million, we did have our normal a merit increase that was a headwind of $6 million, we did also in the quarter have a bonus accrual increase as we adjusted our bonus programs to reflect the better performance of the Company year-to-date and what we expect for the full-year. That increase in bonus accrual cost us about $14 million compared to last year. Earlier in the year we said that - back in the first quarter we said that we thought that the bonus accrual adjustment this year would cost us about $27 million over the entire year, our view now is that it will be more like a $38 million impact for the entire year compared to last year and again thats reflecting the improved performance of the business overall. The last piece of the bridge to %68 million was mix another and thats a complicated story, this quarter given the addition of any of NES fleet and NES transactions to our results. NES revenue came in at a lower average dollar yield. NES revenue came in with all of the NES fixed cost and all of those things count against the mix and others. So mix and other was a decline year-over-year of $26 million versus last year which made up the last piece of that $68 million year-over-year change. Let me take a minute here to try and carve out the impact of NES at revenue and EBITDA just to give you a sense of how its playing through the quarter. Again, Ill emphasize that this is a very challenging thing to do because of the integration. But what we did here was to look at the individual assets that were brought in with NES acquisition and track those assets to get a sense of the revenue they generated during the quarter. So when you do that you get a rental revenue impact from those assets of about $87 million, so obviously you can debate all day whether it is just tracking the assets will give you the real revenue impact of adding NES, but we think that's the fairest way that we can think of to try and categorize what the revenue impact is. So $87 million of rental revenue impact and then beyond that we'll add to at the $15 million of used equipment revenue that I called out earlier and then we had $3 million or so of other revenue gains from the NES addition. So all together that's $105 million worth of revenue that came with NES acquisition or were the direct result of the acquisition. It gets harder to say what that means in adjusted EBITDA terms obviously because it get's difficult to allocate cost and to carve them out specifically to NES exclusive, right it's easy to do in an NES location, but when the fleet moves, how do you allocate cost? Still we took a turn at it just to have a framework for thinking about the EBITDA impact and we come up with the number that's about $46 million of adjusted EBITDA that we would attribute to NES. So $105 million for revenue and $46 million for EBITDA. If you look at the flow through in the quarter, our flow through for the total Company was 38.6% year-over-year and obviously if you use those any NES numbers for revenue and EBITDA you can back those out to get a sense of the flow through of the Company when you exclude the NES impact. That number calculates out to about 31% flow through in the quarter and I know some of you are thinking okay 31% that's not great for the business ex-NES what is going on. Well I remind everybody that that flow through is impacted by the rate performance of legacy business, it's impacted by the differences in used equipment sales this year compared to the last year, its impacted by the differences in the amount of other lines of business revenue and profitability this year versus last year and of course it's impacted by the $14 million of the incremental bonus approved that I talked about previously. If you take an estimate of all of those factors which we did and add the back as appropriate to the legacy URI business, you get to a flow through that looks lot like 50% that we've always talked about. So our feelings bottom line is that the business is performing well both for the legacy URI business and the NES added business and we are going to continue to look for improvement still. Let me move really quickly to cash flow, free cash flow in the quarter was $614 million as Michael pointed out excuse me that's year-to-date, as Michael pointed out that's down from last year by $178 million, the big driver there was the increase in rental CapEx, our gross rental CapEx was $913 million year-to-date period and that alone was up $190 million. So that was the biggest driver, there were puts and takes in other areas obviously EBITDA improved, our interest expense improved, but our cash taxes went up as the you all remember that we burned up for NOLs during the course of the last year. That cash flow picture brought our net debt for the quarter - at the end of the quarter to $7.9 billion that was up from last year and it was up from where it was at the end of the last year and the primary driver of the increase obviously was the addition of NES, the purchase of NES offset by the free cash flow that we've generated so far year-to-date. Let me touch on Project XL real quickly. As Michael mentioned, we're making good progress there. We have the eight work streams well underway, some of which had pilots ongoing that now have been completed. And we feel good about what they are delivering in terms of the impact versus what we had in our targets. We took a turn at giving you a little bit more information about two of the work streams in our Investor deck. I'll point you all to that page and those work streams, one would to growth and infrastructure vertical and other is just continuing to drive our labor productivity. And certainly we can address in the Q&A if we have questions. But the big message is that we're on-track to deliver the $200 million impact from these initiatives that we talked about at our Investor Day that run rate by the end of 2018. I will remind you, I said this back in December, this is not $200 million of incremental EBITDA that you can just add on top of what you otherwise would model. Some of these initiatives are part of how we're going to continue to drive profit improvement in our Company and so you need to carve out which ones are add-ons and which ones are just part of the ongoing base business and as we get further into them we'll talk more about how you might frame that. The NES integration just real briefly there, it is going gone very well as Michael mentioned. We're on-track to deliver the $40 million of cost synergies by the end of 2018 that we called out at the deal. And based on the actions that we've actually taken so far this year, we would say that we've realized in the second quarter about $2.5 million worth of synergies from those actions. And the run-rate as we sit today is nicely on the path we delivering that $40 million by the end of this year. We should realize this year something between $15 million and $20 million of actual impact in 2017, and again that's including the $2.5 million that we've already realized in the second quarter. So well on our way on the cost synergies. By the way also on the procurement savings that we called out, we gave $5 million to $10 million range at the deal, and we believe we'll be at the higher end of that range when it's all set and going. Let me finish up real briefly with our guidance, you've all seen the numbers so I won't repeat the numbers. But just looking at the midpoint changes for a total revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Total revenue went up to $175 million adjusted EBITDA of $78 million at the midpoints. The big driver of both of those increases were rate and volume out there. Obviously you see it in the numbers in the bridges for second quarter and year-to-date, our expectation is that those will continue to be a big drivers for the remainder of the year. There will be puts and takes of other ins and outs, but it's really going to be a story about rate and time. The $100 million of gross capital that Michael mentioned that we're adding, we added to both ends of the range, but you really should think about $1.6 billion as being our focused target for CapEx this year and obviously as we always have we will be very mindful to not spend that if we're not seeing the performance of the business shape up the way that we would like and neither we'll be afraid to come back and move it higher if we see the business performing better than our expectation right gearing that. And then finally on free cash flow, the $25 million increase just reflects some refinements of our estimates as we refine our views of cash taxes and working capital are probably the primary changes along with the operating profitability improvement that we pointed to. Its a lot, I know but we certainly wanted to give you as much as information as we could in a complex forward. It was a good quarter though and one that we're very pleased with and look to continue that momentum as we go into third and fourth quarter. So with that I'll stop my comments and ask the operator to open up the call for questions and answers. Operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks good morning guys. This time last year you guys got a little bit of pricing for a couple of months and then it just sort of attracts seasonality for a while. What if anything is different this time and why?
Matthew Flannery: Hey Ross this is Matt, its a fair question and one that we've asked ourselves to make sure that we maintain the momentum. I would say what is different is a couple of things. Number one and most important the demand environment and not just for us the work we're seeing in the industry, information that we're looking at looks like absorption continues to drive positive in the industry which is a good indicator. The other things is the record time utilization that were experiencing and then thirdly we have growth this year and we didnt have this kind of growth and whether you want to use the stand alone or the pro forma number that that was not really the same story last year. So there is a lot of indicators as well as a strong end market macro environment that we feel should be very, very helpful to maintain momentum that we had versus last year.
Michael Kneeland: Ross, I would only add that last year we were going through really still adjusting to the fleet and balance and we're in a much better place in the industry today.
Ross Gilardi: Got it thanks guys and then just a follow-up, you guys have acquired NES and there seems to be a lot of midsize M&A happening, I mean does it feel like we're on the cost of a more substantial wave of consolidation in this space.
Michael Kneeland: Ross you know I've already said that the consolidation would continue to play out inside of our industry it's very fragmented. I think it speaks more to people have strategies as we do and they all do as well. The market cycle, I think it speak volume that their belief the market cycle is still there. And I also sit back and say from a strategy point and from an industry point of view, having increased professional management, I think will overall be a benefit to the industry collectively.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks Guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: Good morning. It's been probably 2.5 to three years since you had at the same time year-over-year growth and utilization rate and CapEx, it looks like we're about to - we are on the cuts of getting back to that. Given done that since like 2013, 2014 and you're doing 60% incremental EBITDA margin. So as much as I appreciate pull this out pull that out, you say we're kind doing that right now. But still it is what it is, incremental right now or 30% to 40%, 50% that want to pull out the bonus accrual, but still the power of having those three things going the same direction into 2018, can you try to handicap for us how we should think about incremental EBITDA margins and why they want to be materially stronger?
William Plummer: Sure Ross, I think materially stronger obviously would be the result of all of those things going together throughout 2018 as you said and rate will be an important driver there, how much of the a rate improvement could we see in 2018 as that would be the critical question about how the flow through might transfer out. Look I mean the analysis that we did, there a lot of assumptions to it, so I dont want to go too far with the specific about 50% statements that I made. But at the same time if we get rate to be mildly positive, if we continue to improve utilization, although that's big given the record nature of what we are doing now, but daily improve it just marginally and we are putting more growth capital into the business again that's an assumption not saying we are there yet. But all those things are lining up, 50% is I wouldn't say a given, but it's certainly the starting point of the discussion about where flow through could go next year. All of that of course need a market that will support all the assumptions that I just went through.
David Raso: Yes Im just trying to set up a base case, I mean to push back could be well back then you were getting a lot of rates in some utilizations that mix next year is probably hard to assume the same kind of rate growth that you had back then, but that said you also have some farther for cost improvement with NES and so forth. So not to ask you to give 2018 CapEx guidance right now, but can you help at least sort of frame how we should be thinking about growth CapEx or total CapEx however you want to describe it for 2018 just for base case.
William Plummer: Yes, David, it's still early for us to be thinking about that, we are talking about that, we are certainly thinking about it as we speak, but I would say that the momentum this year continues into late into the year, I think it's very reasonable to say that 1600 is the starting point for the discussion, all right and then we'll see where we go from there.
David Raso: One last quick one then Bill, in the month of June alone, we're talking pro forma on rental rates, were there any regions or how many regions, what percent of the regions actually already positive on rates year-over-year, for just the month of June pro forma?
William Plummer: For the month of June pro forma year-over-year, I can quote the sequential, but the year-over-year in the month of June, looks like it's five of regions that were positive and four of the ones that were not positive, another three or four were reasonably close to the breakeven.
David Raso: And remind us, you run the Company with how many regions exactly?
William Plummer: 13
Michael Kneeland: 13
Matthew Flannery: 13
David Raso: 13, so, basically five out of 13 up a few more kind of flattish and other ones are still the drag. Okay, I appreciate it. thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes in the line of Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: Great, thank you. Just to follow on that last point, can you quantify within the sort of what the two drags as you called out there, I guess not a region comments per say, but just energy and I guess you find that the braches that are in those heavy oil and gas regions and then I dont know if you can extend that to upstream. But if you kind a bucket energies as a broad kind of segment, and then just Canada as a whole. Just given the movement in the currency, I'm guessing, we shouldn't just use the difference between the 73 and 88 that you outlined. So maybe just help us in terms of those two drag that you called out. In terms of what they detracted from rates in the quarter?
Matthew Flannery: Sure thanks and this is Matt. I'll answer the upstream conversation first. So as you can imagine, as weve seen land rig count continue to decline, our upstream businesses climb. So we were up 68% year-over-year in Q2. That brings us to just under 5% of our total portfolio. So to answer your other questions if you want to look at our total energy exposure, we have about 5% of our business in upstream. About a little less than 2% midstream and about 7% in the downstream business. So that that nets to a little under 12, technically 11.5% of what you would call energy exposure. And we're very, very comfortable at that level and we're encouraged to see the upstream and we've seen a lot of pickup in our pump business specifically in that sector as well as other verticals within the pump business. As far as Canada, our Canadian business is kind of tailored to cities, but all of the provinces actually had some growth. We're little bit more challenged in Alberta, when you look at the country as a whole, our rental revenue was up 7.3% and thats almost 9% just under 9% volume, but still over 3% rate drag year-over-year on that business. But we feel really good about Eastern Canada and we feel that the other provinces in the Western Canada have bottomed out and some of the regions would follow a little bit. So we're encouraged by that.
Timothy Thein: Okay. And Matt, just can you remind us how quickly you would expect to re-price the NES book. And I'm guessing that a little shorter contract duration than maybe legacy URI. But can you just update us there in terms of the re-pricing opportunities with NES.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, we're not really looking at it as just re-pricing NES. We look at our pricing, it makes us a little bit unique as far as in customer buckets geographies and products. And so we're not really parsing out the NES, there are some key accounts with NES that we will treat probably a little more gradually just as we would our key accounts business at United Rentals. But overall, we're looking at these customers blended, we're emerging our rate zones, we're harmonizing our pricing and we're merging a customer accounts. So it won't be long before we only and really be able to identify that and NES and United Rates. We have a rate strategy as a Company that stays from the segments we talked about and we're going to deploy that across the board.
Timothy Thein: I appreciated it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Joe ODea: Hi good morning. First question just on the specialty side, and I appreciate that we're right on the heels of NES. But as you see in the headlines a little bit step up activity on the M&A front. Just what you are seeing on the landscape there in the 2018 plans. You had talked about back in December and that included some inorganic growth in specialty. And so maybe just kind of where you're seeing that environment right now?
Michael Kneeland: Well first and foremost, we don't talk about the acquisition other than the fact that we do have a robust backlog things that we're looking at. With regards to specialty as a whole as you can see going from 2013 to Today in second quarter from 10% to 19% and the growth capital that we're putting in there along with the cold start. We have a very firm strategy of growing that business and were going to continue to fund it. I think it differentiates us in a different way and our customer is obviously are very open to it. But we're always looking both for market opportunity, we're looking at potential acquisitions and were also looking at different product mix that we could do within the specialty group. So it's all the above, but it's going to continue to grow.
Joe ODea: Thanks. And then the in terms of just tone of the industry it looks like the survey results may be step down a little bit not sure if thats just tying run up and then come back down. But and may be just kind of adjustment what we're seeing in a reported survey results and then in general kind of what you are hearing from customers and some other confidence thats contributing to 2018 positively.
William Plummer: I would say we continue, whether its the customer index, whether it's any of macro data we looked at or whether its intelligence we gain on absorption of fleet and rate improvement in the industry, everything is pointing to a strong environment for the balance of the year and we see that playing into 2018. thats the framework in which were making our business decisions and we really havent seen much to challenge that. There may be a pocket here and there by sector by vertical, but overall were very encouraged with the demand outlook for the future.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, just to be clear, our customer index if you are referring to that it is strong, March was unusually strong and therefore it may look like it was dropping but fact that it is very strong.
Joe ODea: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Nicole DeBlase: Good morning. So my first question is just around the revenue outlook and I know you guys are refraining from providing explicit rate guidance, totally understand that but is there any way you can kind of frame the way the back half plays out according to the low end and high end of your guidance with respect to like normal rate seasonality like this is a normal seasonal outcome, is it better, is it worst.
Michael Kneeland: Nicole as you can imagine challenging when we dont want to be explicit about rate and time guidance. What I would say is that were not making heroic assumptions about where rates goes in the back half of the year in that revenue guidance. Its well within the range of sequential that assume as well within what we've done historically and so we feel like we got a comfortable set of assumptions there, thats about as far as I think we should go.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay no doubt thats really helpful actually and then secondly just around the CapEx, the increase in the full-year guidance. And can you just talk a little bit about like equipment categories or you know priorities of spending for that new incremental bit of CapEx.
Matthew Flannery: Yes Nicole this is Matt. I would say that it's going to be fairly consistent with what our fleet profile is, well continue to put about 20% of that incremental capital into our specialty business and specialty will continue to grow a little bit faster than our Gen Ren, if you look at Q2 we think that will continue. When you look at the rest of the mix whether youre trying to model whether it will more aerial or more dirt or more of the other, it will be across the board very similar to our fleet profile as a company.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks, Ill pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber: Good morning guys. Just going back to Tim's question first, is there any way to frame kind of what the starting point is here for the delta between URI's pricing and the NES pricing just so we understand kind of where you are starting yet and where NES prices could come up to? And also I would kind of tack on if there is an average length of NES contract.
William Plummer: Yes, Seth, it's challenging to think about of how to frame the impact beyond what we gave already, right. I think I recommended to somebody last night that if you sit down with a simple spread sheet and make some reasonable assumptions about what the share of business that NES contributes both this year and last year, you can frame out sort of in broad terms how to get to that four tens pro forma number and how that compares to the 1.2 as reported number. The actual assumptions that go into your spread sheet about sort of the relative rates of NES versus us, weve characterize broadly in the past as being double digits the difference, so thats the starting point. Obviously with United Rentals being the premium and that gives you a sense of overtime how much of gap there is to bridge. How much that the gap we actually bridge and how quickly we actually bridge it, time will tell but thats the feel that you are playing on sort of double digits kind of number that we are working to make sense for our customer base as you go forward.
Seth Weber: Okay. That's helpful Bill, thanks. And then there has been a lot of discussion around the industry about mix, right and big industrial contracts and what not can you talk about the competitive rate environment specifically going after these larger, bigger and longer term industrial contracts what that looks like today?
Matthew Flannery: Sure Seth, this is Matt, I mean it's depending on what markets you are in and what customer you are going after and the volume, these are always competitive. The good news is they dont go out for bid regularly and we have been incumbent in many of these and that's gives us a lot of credibility. So we are comfortable with our positioning, it doesnt mean that we should never take any of it for granted, and this business will always have somebody wanting it and that's part of being leader in the industry. There is always someone that wants what you have that's something new for us, its something that we very comfortable with and I wouldnt call it out any more or less competitive in whether this is a national account sector or whether you are fighting to get more share in an MSA. So we feel comfortable with the level of competitiveness, we're encouraged by the level of responsibility from an absorption and rate improvement that we see in the industry as well.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is the harness is on us to make sure a value proposition is such that we meet or exceed our customer expectations and that's why when you talk about our specialty, you talk about the capital that were spending, you talk about the digital and things that we're doing for total control, finding ways to assist our customer to be more of a partner and finding ways to drive productivity and safety. That's what we need to do and that's what we need to keep focused on and we're very good at that and our team is really focused on it.
Seth Weber: Okay, all right. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Hi good morning everyone. I wondered if you folks can talked about how you are thinking about adding capital into the oil and gas impacted regions obviously big swings in the town and how is your risk appetite and capital deployment in those areas, can you just as we are clearly ramping up short-term here.
William Plummer: So Jerry, much of our growth has really come from absorption. As we had talked about in the past and probably the biggest example of it is our pump business. We made the decision a couple of years ago to hold on to some assets that we knew had a lot of life left in it. We mothball them, and we we're really getting the benefit of that decision today, when you see the type of growth that we're getting in that pump business. And those are types of decisions we made overall. We didn't expect to run 80% time use in the oil and gas markets. So when anymore accurate terms, so if we were willing to leave our footprint there, these feet enough to keep some capacity there, it gave us the opportunity to respond for this growth. And I think that's where we are today. We aren't having to dump a lot of fleet in there to drive that growth. And it feels good a little bit self congratulations here admittedly, but it feels good to have put in that faith and commitments and to be able to benefit from it.
Michael Kneeland: So that said, we learned lesson last time right and so we want to be mindful of how much of the business that oil and gas upstream activity represents and make sure that we're making a more balanced decision and more conscious decision this time around then last time it was just hey it's go, let's go. Nobody says that out loud but that was sort of the mindset. This time around we're saying okay, let's make sure that when we're putting fleet in it make sense both for right here now and what it means for this longer term.
Jerry Revich: Okay, thank you. And on that note I'm wondering if you could just frame the CapEx growth that you folks are laying out here over the balance of the year. Can you just give us a regional flavor which regions are getting an outside share of fleet growth. In other words where you folks seeing the strong growth?
William Plummer: It's very broad. I know we say that a lot, but that's because it's factual. When you look at it where maybe it's been a little more gated to the coast, but because they have been so hot. But it is very dry, its across the board. The folks in western Canada are probably getting the least of it for obvious reasons, because they has some fleet absorb. But everybody else is running real strong utilizations and really improvement throughout P&L and have earned that growth. And that's how we look at it. But you have to earn the growth and then we allocate it. the team has done good job very broadly.
Jerry Revich: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
Nicholas Coppola: Good morning. So I wanted to follow-up on the NES integration. Now you are three months in, it sounds like it's going well and you are on-track your synergy targets. Has there been any surprises to the positive or negative, any color you would add surrounding the integration?
Michael Kneeland: Well I would say the positive is we had tendency to link towards speed when it comes integration it's our firm belief that you move that way and you get the benefit of it, I would say this is even faster than we expected. And that's what makes it difficult while Bill had to go through so many assumptions to give you NES standalone information, we view that as a very positive story operating as one company. Another is the timing improvement, if you looked at the slide - you saw that the right panel of that slide, you saw that NES came in a little bit heavy on fleet a little bit lower time utilization. Part of our improvement is that weve really ramped up that time utilization by absorbing that fleet quickly as a combined entity and it just go to approve that if you get everybody working together quickly, you can take advantage of all the capital that you have as a new combined team and that was probably even ahead of schedule of what we thought.
Nicholas Coppola: Yes, thats certainly a strong chart there and then I guess just another question, I wanted to ask about there is another slide about Project XL moving more to infrastructure and can you just may be add some detail around how you are moving forward with that goal or the new equipment types or mix shift that we should be expecting or is it really just more of a sales initiative of reaching out to new contractor types, may be just kind explain on that.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Nick, it really is a focus on that key customer segment that project type and making sure that we're well positioned to identify the opportunities and that weve got the fleet to support those opportunities when we win them. So it's more of an adjusting new sales initiatives, but there is very much a focus that we're bringing to infrastructure projects now that we hadnt in the past. You can see in that XL slide, the impact when you it compare to sort of overall aggregate infrastructure spending in the economy, we're out performing. So thats the good news and we want to make sure that we continue to drive that focus because its a vertical where we think we line up very well with those kind of projects, those kind of customers. And dont believe we were getting our fair share in the infrastructure space previously and we're driving hard to address that.
Nicholas Coppola: Okay. Perfect, thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning. As you guys step back and think about the market today, how would you characterize the supply demand balance within rental and where do you see that balance headed in the next few quarters as you think about the demand trends versus industry CapEx addition. I mean would you say that it is actually kind of tight today in some of these markets, where you are getting pricing or is it just more kind of your own initiatives or are we headed toward a position of kind of a tight market per say.
Matthew Flannery: Steve its Matt, there are certainly initiatives right and coming out of the first quarter just like we did last year it's your time to take advantages of what the market can give you as far as your focus on time and rate. So the demand has to be there, but with that being said, we feel that this is it's not just broad base for us, we expect the industry is doing a better job of being very rigorous on capital management and returns and I think that we're seeing that play through. And there is no sign that we would expect that to diminish and everybody that we talk to whether it's OEM, whether its customers, everybody is feeling better about the industry demand and the industry behavior. I think thats the most fair way to categorize that.
Steven Fisher: Okay I guess a related question just thinking about the strong time utilization, really just trying to gauge how much structural change you have made in driving efficiency and fleet utilization. Im just curious how many points of time utilization do you think you have maybe added over the last year that are results of better processes and less OEC not available for rent you know that time utilization that may be sticky overtime.
William Plummer: Yes, I think it's great point and its one of the reasons why we felt good about the NES acquisition because that density of fleet in the market gives you the opportunity to drive higher time utilization and we do think we are enjoying that and when you think about where that midst of our fleet has come and you look at our year-over-year time utilization, we continue to mix in assets specifically in specialty that run usually lower time, in some instance significantly lower time, yet we keep climbing. So, you have to look at it by category to truly break down the advantage, but we're pleased about the time utilization a trend that we've created on a year-over-year basis and how that comps to the industry. We feel strongly that's due to our density, allows us to do things that may be a regional or a local player can't do from time utilization prospect.
Michael Kneeland: But thanks for recognizing the fact that we are putting an effort and changing our processes, there is a chart on our investor deck on page eight that shows the NES during the time of acquisition where it is today, and speaks volumes about our team stepping up and making sure that we leverage our capabilities to drive better time. The question we have to ask ourselves is, is there more for us to pull and we do believe that as Mat mentioned earlier, our team has earned it and we want to continue to make sure that we meet that demand, but there is lot of things that we're working on and as you pointed out our processes and lean management is paying some dividend.
Steven Fisher: Would that be as much as maybe a couple of points of utilization?
Michael Kneeland: It's hard to quantify exactly, because there are so many things that we were doing inside the organization.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I would like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Well thanks operator and I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call this morning. As always, we're available to continue the dialogue, we'll have more insights for you in 90 days, so in the meantime please feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, our Head of IR anytime. So I think this wraps it up for the day and we will see you at the end of the quarter. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer Matthew Flannery - Chief Operating Officer Ted Grace - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Timothy Thein - Citigroup Investment Research David Raso - Evercore ISI Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital Inc. Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Securities Justin Jordan - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter 2017 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys earnings release, investor presentation in todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the Companys earnings release and Investor Presentation, to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us on today's call. Before we begin, I want to mention that our prepared remarks this morning will include some comments by Matt, and he'll talk about the field operations and give you a progress report on the NES integration. And then Bill will discuss the numbers before we go over to Q&A. So here we are in 2017 and I'm pleased that we reported such a strong start to the year. In January, I described 2017 as a critical period in terms of both positioning ourselves with our broader customer base and driving new efficiencies in our operations, and we're executing well on both fronts. Many of the actions we took in the quarter were designed to strengthen our earning power in future periods. This includes finalizing the NES transaction, which we closed as planned on April 3. Internally, I'm impressed how quickly our combined workforce has adopted the mindset of a single team, and customer reaction to the acquisition has been positive. So I want to take this opportunity to publicly welcome more than a thousand new employees to United Rentals family. They are great addition to the team. We also got off to a solid start on Project XL in the quarter. Six of the eight work streams have now moved past the pilot stage, and we are pleased with the early progress. We have confidence in our EBITDA run rate target of $200 million by year-end of 2018. At the same time, we are keeping our focus on immediate results. Demand is on the rise and we captured a lot of that business in the first quarter. Our revenue increased 4.4% year-over-year on a 7% increase in volume. Thats the strongest quarterly increase on volume we've seen in a while. We are also efficient with our fleet. Time utilization came in at 66%, a record high for the first quarter and we generated a solid $490 million of free cash flow. Rental rates remains under pressure, down 1.4% year-over-year due mainly to market dynamics. And while this was disappointing and a bit below our expectations, we're encouraged by the trends that continue to point to an industry-wide right-sizing of supply and demand. And this should continue to absorb excess fleet to the marketplace, which is positive for us. Matt will talk about this in greater detail, but for a variety of reasons I want to emphasize that I am confident rates will head in the right direction as we work through our busy season. For our part, we plan to spend about $1.5 billion of CapEx this year and given the positive market trends and our commitment to growing our specialty offerings, we feel comfortable with that number and it should match up well against the demand. As you know, we issued new guidance yesterday primarily to account for the combination with NES. It includes a nine-month EBITDA contribution of $135 million from the acquired operations. The increase in free cash flow reflects both the impact of the acquisition and our expectation for higher cash generation in the base business. In other words, excluding NES, we are reaffirming our standalone guidance for revenue, adjusted EBITDA and CapEx and increasing our guidance for free cash flow. Well here some of the drivers behind our expected performance. Most forecasters are looking at solid growth in the U.S. of rental industry in 2017. Our customers and employees are very good about their prospects this year. Our customer optimism index in March was the highest we've seen since 2014. Demand is trending up in our core construction and industrial sectors, commercial construction remained strong. There is a nice inflection with upstream oil and gas with our macro is improving, and the worst of the drag from Canada appears to be behind us. In addition, the vertical sales strategy we put in place is working. Infrastructure is a great example. Our revenue from infrastructure was up almost 5% in the quarter and a down sector. Our digital presence is growing as well. In the first quarter, we had a 15% sequential growth in online rental transactions and we gained over a 1,100 new customers in those three months alone. And finally, our specialty segment, Trench, Power and Pump continuously outpace the company as a whole. These three operations combined were up almost 17% in the quarter versus the prior year. We opened three cold starts through March, bringing our specialty network to 217 total branches in North America, with the plan to open at least 17 branches this year. Even with the steady expansion of our footprint, the bulk of our growth in specialty comes from same-store at higher margins in our gen rent operations. They make the strong case for continued investment in this segment. Specialty also benefits from cross-selling with our gen rent branches, specialty revenue and cross-selling to national accounts grew by almost 12% in the quarter, first quarter versus a year-ago and cross-selling our fleet started years ago as a way to boost returns on assets now has become one of our most valuable core competencies. So in closing the year is off to a strong start. NES acquisition was finalized on schedule and integration is on track. We have numerous avenues for growth, with positive momentum across the board. Our branches and our customers are optimistic about the prospects and our confidence on the cycle remains intact. So with that as a backdrop, Im going to ask Matt to update you on the operations and also on the NES integration. So over to you, Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Mike. I'm going to start with NES, because I know there's a lot of interest in the integration, and it's obviously early days, but things are moving along, consistent with our aggressive schedule. We believe that speed is a key to alleviate uncertainties for the team. We've already finalized the leadership decisions and incorporated the NES managers and branches and stores into our region district network. And last only nine days after close, we converted every new location over to our Rental Management System, the acquired fleet and the customer histories are visible in the system and we're already seeing the team used this data share fleet and they're also passing along leads to meet market demand. This is very encouraging so early on. And we're still going through a thoughtful evaluation of our combined footprint, some changes will be necessary. So we want to make sure we get it right, we're going to take some more time of that. And most importantly, we've made the team's top priority to focus on serving our customers and they're really coming through on that front. The next several months, we'll be unlocking the full potential of the combination. Since announcing our plan to acquire any effect January, we've been able to take a much deeper dive into their operations. And I'm glad to report that the first quarter results performed largely as we expect, we continue to feel good about the cost synergies that we put out there in January. We believe that we're on track to deliver a run rate of about $40 million of incremental EBITDA in year two and the same goes for our revenue synergies, where were still targeting $35 million by year three. And then the near-term, the combined company has an immediate benefit to our business. And as Mike mentioned, our new guidance reflects what we expect for the balance of this year. Now, I want to look back at the first quarter to give you a quick tour of our operating landscape. There were a lot of commonalities across our regions fueled by demand in core projects. These include stadiums and resorts, data centers and factories as well as bridges and power plants. And the demand in the quarter was not only strong, but it was broad. [ROIC] on rent trended up in over three quarters of the U.S. states and eight out of the 10 Canadian provinces. That's a sign of a healthy operating environment. Regionally, we continue to see the strongest growth along the eastern seaboard in the West Coast, as well as some of the South Central states. And another strong highlight was our Pump Solutions business, which grew rental revenue by more than 20% year-over-year and almost all of that growth with same-store reflecting our cross-selling efforts, our gains and market share and an underlying improvement in our end markets. And we've been executing a diversification strategy for pump for the past two years, so it's nice to see that paying off. Weve always had big plans for pump. We never saw it strictly as an oil and gas acquisition. But as the upstream sector continues to recover, it's giving this business an extra bounce. Now, I want to take a minute to discuss rates, which are obviously front and center to both our investors and our employees. While there are challenges in certain markets, on balance, we are encouraged by what we are seeing. First, as I mentioned, demand is strong and broad-based. You could see the momentum build across the first quarter in our monthly time utilization and as best we can tell our peers saw similar strength. We believe it's been a trend for the past six months or so and this dynamic has got that positive implication for rates going forward. Another factor is seasonality. It's never easy to get rate in the first quarter. This is our seasonal trough in demand. That being said, we delivered a better sequential improvement in the first quarter of this year than last year. And if you look at the trajectory of our sequential and year-over-year rates across the quarter it's certainly suggests an ongoing absorption. And finally, and let me be absolutely clear about this, our strategic focus on rate has not changed. I personally discussed the importance of rate integrity with our field leaders and they are keenly aware of how important this is to our business and our ability to serve our customers. All of these things taken together give me confidence that rates have the potential to get better in the back half of the year and that's the point I really want to emphasize this morning. So we are getting to gain time for our field operations. We are entering our busiest period with a bigger talent pool, a more extensive branch network, a larger fleet and many new customers to serve. And our employees know the goal post and it's a point of pride for them to get us there. So if you have any questions about operations, I'll be happy to answer them during Q&A. Right now, I'm going to hand it over to Bill for the financial review. Bill?
William Plummer: Thanks Matt, and good morning to everybody. I got a lot to go through, so Ill dive right in starting with rental revenue. The $49 million year-over-year change in rental revenue was up 4.4% and the components of that $49 million start with ancillary and re-rent revenue that combined was up $12 million and really that was driven by ancillary revenues associated with higher volume, delivery fees in particular, but also fuel recovery for rental. So strong quarter driven by high volume and you hear that throughout a number of the comments that will make volumes a huge part of the story in the quarter. In owned equipment revenue, volume contributed $68 million over last year, but $14 million of that went the other way against rate and then replacement CapEx inflation took another $16 million versus last year. Mix and other was relatively flat in the quarter, only $1 million of headwind, so those are the pieces of the $49 million increase and that certainly suggests and ties to the notion that volume was a very strong contributor this quarter. If you move to used equipment sales, $106 million of proceeds in the quarter that was down $9 million from last year and that reflects just the volume of used equipment sales that we did in the quarter is nothing more than volume. Actually if you look at pricing, pricing was a positive, pricing improved, and that led to an improvement in our adjusted gross margin. The margin was up 2.2 percentage points compared to last year to 50.9% in the quarter continue to market and how we're able to sell equipment that in this case was almost 90 months old at something like 51% of the original cost of that equipment, so very robust used equipment market that we're selling into. Moving to adjusted EBITDA $591 million of adjusted EBITDA $7 million improvement of last year at 43.6% margin. The components of that change $46 million of volume, but rental rates taking $13 million against that fleet inflation down $11 million, used equipment sales you can see the GP impact was $3 million of headwind versus last year. Our usual merit increase in that $5 million to $6 million ranges so call it $5 million in the quarter and then $7 million of mix and other and included within that $7 million was about $3 million from the year-over-year increase in our bonus accrual. I call that out, because we've talked previously about the bonus accrual in the full-year of 2017 going up materially from last year it was $3 million of increase in the first quarter, those year-over-year impacts will increase in subsequent quarters because of the timing of when we adjusted our bonus accruals last year versus our expectation that we'll continue to accrue at 100% payout for this year. So those are the pieces of the $7 million of year-over-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA, the 43.6% margin was down a point from last year and really that reflects the impact of rental rates actually if you just adjusted out the rental rate impact in adjusted EBITDA you get back to flat with last year's margin. On adjusted EPS, we had $1.63 results in the quarter that's up from $1.40 last year and it reflects the improvement in operating performance, but also lower interest expense from both a lower debt balance and some of the restructuring that we've done. It also reflected the impact of our tax expense going down as we adopted new guidance on how we treat stock-based compensation and it's now recognized in the tax line as opposed to direct adjustments to the balance sheet item. So that stock-based compensation guidance benefited us by about $0.09 in the $1.63 quarter. EPS was also benefit in the quarter by the reduction in share count as a result of our share repurchases since last year about 5.6 million fewer shares this year compared to first quarter last year. On free cash flow $490 million of free cash flow in the quarter, it's a very strong first quarter although down from last year. Last year was 137 million higher in the first quarter but that change primarily reflects the difference in net rental CapEx spend in this year compared to last year. Last year was a very, very restraint CapEx spend in the first quarter. The cash flow impact brought our net debt balance at the end of the quarter down to $7 billion and that's $520 million less debt than we had last year, so pretty significant improvement in the absolute quantum of debt that we have outstanding as a Company. I do know that that $7 billion number had not yet included the impact of actually acquiring our NES if you add back the NES funding as we sit today we're at about $7.9 billion of net debt on yesterday's close. Liquidity finished the quarter at $2.1 billion that included $1.7 billion of ABL capacity and little over $300 million of cash on the balance sheet and again those are higher balances for our liquidity sources because it was in advance of the NES acquisition. If you look at it today, we sit at about $1.2 billion after the NES close. Rental CapEx you saw the $219 million in the quarter that's up from a very depressed level of rental CapEx spend last year and the net rental CapEx change year-over-year just reflects the difference and that gross number plus the difference in net proceeds from used equipment sales. Let me finish out  spend a little time on our guidance. As we noted in the press release and Michael's comments, we have updated the guidance to include the impact of NES. For the underlying URI performance, this guidance reflects no change in most of the metrics with the exception of free cash flow, which we have increased. The changes for NES reflect  obviously owning the business for nine months and they do include the impact of synergies realized or expected to be realized in 2017, both the cost synergies and the net of any revenue dissynergies and synergies that we might realized. So just to be clear the impacts that we added were $300 million in revenue and $135 million in adjusted EBITDA. We did put in an extra $50 million to cover gross rental CapEx for the remainder of the year at NES and those were the real changes to the exact guidance components. On free cash flow, we added $150 million to our prior guidance that reflects the addition of NES plus some improvement in the cash tax position of the underlying United Rentals operation. So NES, if you just add the EBITDA of $135 million subtract $50 million cash flow for CapEx subtract $30 million from the incremental interest expense that we carry for the debt of acquiring NES and then add a $100 million of improvement in cash taxes, you get to that $150 million increase. And within that $100 of cash tax improvement, about 50 of it came from the NES acquisition, either from applying the NOLs that we acquired with NES or from the deduction available for deal-related expenses that that in aggregate added about $50 million to cash tax benefit. The other $50 million is from adjustments and estimates that we've made on the underlying United Rentals business as we've gotten a sharper view of what our cash tax picture will look like on the legacy business. So those are the pieces of the $100 million cash impact or cash tax impact that led us too partially to the increase in free cash flow guidance. Just one last point on NES, we haven't changed any of our views, as we said before about the synergies that we went into, thinking about this deal with one exception. The NOLs that we acquired that we had announcement take that present value of about $150 million. Weve looked at that more closely as we've worked with the NES folks in tax and evaluated the positions that they've taken and that we can take going forward. We now believe that those NOLs will have a higher present value than what we initially thought something like $150 million instead of the $125 million that we initially thought. So that's a little nugget that we found that that gives us more confidence about the value of the NES acquisition. I think Ill stop there and will address either questions about these or anything else that you all are interested in hearing in Q&A. So I'll ask the operator to open up the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Timothy Thein from Citi Research. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
William Plummer: Hi, Tim.
Timothy Thein: Good morning. Just a first question maybe Matt, you could just put a little bit more color around your earlier comments in terms of your confidence in terms of rate improvement as you get into the second half of the year, presumably you're talking year-over-year, but maybe you could just flesh out kind of the dynamics between sequential versus year-over-year rate?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, so I think you might have seen it in the release last night, but you could see both from a year-over-year perspective and a sequential perspective, the negative tempered some as we went through the quarter and we find that encouraging when you combine that with the time utilization that we achieved and we believe that the industry is seeing a similar progression and it maybe not the same relevant number, but a similar progression all that points to the opportunity for us to be able to realize rate improvement in the back half of the year. Now that improvement, first we have to start with sequential. We are not sure that the slow first start would allow us to get to positive rate on a year-over-year basis. But if you wanted the model what that would take and we're not forecasting, it would be a healthy half a point sequential improvement through our peak months of May through October. So that it would take to get flat. We don't know if that's there or not, but I think the point we really wanted to get across is the demand is there, which is very, very strong and it's really about if this absorption continues and the industry continues to see the opportunity we are hopeful that will realize itself in the better rate performance than we had in Q1. Q1 was certainly a little softer than we had expected.
William Plummer: Let me just add one factual point, I dont think everybody has the progression of year-over-year, we didn't put in our investor deck, so January, year-over-year was minus 1.8, February was minus 1.5, March was minus 0.9, and so that progression along with the sequential progression I think is sort of evidence that we think the absorption will help move us in the right direction and supports the comments that Matt made.
Timothy Thein: Okay. Would you care to kind of extend this forward a couple weeks in terms of what you've seen thus far in April?
Michael Kneeland: As you know Tim, we've gotten out of the business of
Timothy Thein: Yes, okay.
Michael Kneeland: Talking prospectively about rates, so we'll beg off, thanks.
Timothy Thein: Okay. Understood. And just through more definitional, but will there be any meaning or should we expect any meaningful impact on URI rates as you fold the NES contracts or is that  is it kind of de minimis or what impact if any on URI rates will have as you fold that businesses?
William Plummer: Yes. We'll talk about that more when we got the data at the second quarter. I don't think it's any surprise to say that when we add NES rates, we will be adding rates that are below sort of the rate level that United Rentals has historically achieved. So that will have an impact of adding lower rates on that portion of the business, but the impact we believe will lessen, as we gradually manage rates in the way that we overall manage rates at United Rentals. So we'll talk more about the impact there to the extent that we can't once we've got the actual data in front of us, but it will be at lower rates and then migrate those rates in the way that we normally would manage them from there.
Michael Kneeland: I think additionally Tim to Bills comments is the opportunity to cross sell into that customer base, it can help defray some of the separation and just putting the tools, as Bill said in the hands of the employees to be able to have a broader offering to sell the customers would be very healthy.
Timothy Thein: Okay. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. On rates geographically, the split between U.S. and Canada. Obviously, Canada has been a drag, if you can just give us that exact split and then within the U.S. or other territories where rate is already positive, we are just trying to figure out how much is this certain pockets are dragging the rate down or is it still very broad across the U.S.?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. Dave, this is Matt. For your first part of your question, if we had pulled Canada out, our 1.4 year-over-year rate decline would have been 1.0, so closer to normal, what we had expected in Q1. And as far as region, I wont guess specific regions, but we had a couple of regions that were positive year-over-year rate in Q1 and really not many of them were planned to be positive in Q1 because that's a seasonal trough. The challenge came in some of the markets, there were a handful of markets that we're just drag this down and we  it's very  it's identifiable areas that we think seasonally we can help them improve if not were going to move flight out of there into the markets that can support, the environment can support a better result.
David Raso: And when it comes to the cadence of standalone URIs CapEx, is there been any impact on trying to focus on rate on the timing of fleet going into the field.
Michael Kneeland: Not as of yet David, it's still early days to make that decision. Certainly, as Matt said, we're looking at where that CapEx goes once we spend it. But we haven't yet got to the point of saying we need to make a significant change in the timing of the CapEx. We're going to monitor that very closely. This month, next month are important month, so I would say stay tune and we can talk about in more detail in the second quarter.
David Raso: And then while you've sort of given the marching orders to focus on the right here a little bit with your branch managers and regional managers, has there been anything officially instituted on pushing rate differently than the constant tweaking that you always do on supply demand in every region?
William Plummer: Yes. There has been some strategies that we've employed, some that have been used in the past, some new and like always it's disseminating that information all the way down to the field network and I think we've done that effectively. I think that was frankly started mid-February which when we saw January come softer that's where you saw the trend start to turn.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, David. This is Mike. I would just tell you that we don't rest. We continually do learn through our analytics on ways in which we become better and how we manage, how we can communicate that throughout the organization. So it is still  we'll always be whatever always hoping and looking at ways to improve it.
David Raso: And I guess lastly, Canada rental revenues for the quarter appear to may have gotten back to flattish. The rate going forward in Canada, how would you frame currently down mathematically over 5% given the impact you implied for the whole Company. What kind of rate performance should we expect for rest of the year in Canada? I know we are not going to get back to flat for the full-year, but just trying to get a feel for Canada can get close to flat as the year goes on, maybe what the impact could be?
Matthew Flannery: Yes. Again, we've gotten out of the business of speculating too much about what rates could be, what I would say is that Canada  certainly we're encouraged by the strength that we're seeing in the eastern part of country, the flattening of what we've seen in the western part of the country, right, we believe it's trough. And so that will encourage improved rate performance in Canada. But when you're down over 5% in the first quarter, you've got some work to do in order to flatten later in the year. So I'd just suggested that we talk about as we go through the year.
David Raso: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Joe.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Could you just talk about when you see transitions and demand historically, how you think about leading indicators and where we see the strength in the used equipment prices, we see the strength in utilization, clearly some surprise on rate, but how you think about the progression of those and a typical lag and whether rate would typically lag and how long that would be?
Michael Kneeland: Joe, this is Mike. I've always said that throughout my career that when you see these prices improve is step one and then as you look at utilization. And as Matt mentioned about the absorption of the fleet, we all so secret that when we went to the oil and the surrounding markets  surrounding our market that was a surplus of fleet, that is being absorbed. And then as the industry begins to achieve better performance on utilization, it's confidence towards rate. Throughout my career I've seen that. Is there any given cadence. It's not a science, it's just something that happens that I have experienced and that's kind of what gives us some confidence based on the demand that we're seeing and how our employees who are straight on the field as well as our customers, the optimism they have for the remainder of this year into next.
Joe O'Dea: And then what is your sense for  maybe why we didn't see rate react more quickly? Is there just a general wait and see in terms of confidence and sustainability of some of the improved demand, its promising to see that the rest of the industry also appears to be seeing a similar progression of improving utilization, but just why the industry would be a little bit apprehensive to run with that and set to flow through rates?
Michael Kneeland: Well, again it goes back to the absorption and time utilization, they start to see it, number one, if you take a look at where we are the sequential this year versus last year, albeit some a disappointing, it still improvement. The time utilization is one that gives us better confidence and as we talk to David, the rate impact in Canada 5.3%. Canada is on secret that as bought more commodities driven economy suffered during last year and started the level off and seeing time utilization improve there as well at the same time inflection of the rate I would say that there is opportunity as we go forward. Again it's building a confidence with inside the industry by utilizing the fleet that they have.
William Plummer: Joe, I think you hit on early on, when you said the rate is a leading indicator, its not  the time utilization excuse me is a leading indicator. And I think that we're seeing, you just have to remember the seasonal drop that we spoke about. We have to go back all away to 2014, where we didn't have negative sequential rate in Q1 and even then they were fairly close to flat, when I remember looking at them last time. So it's part of it seasonal and we are really encouraged by the leading indicator that you pointed to a time utilization be enough or should help us ramp up.
Joe O'Dea: Its helpful, and then maybe just one more on kind of end markets and specifically, anything that you're seeing in Industrial and I think that tends to be more MRO related, but have you seen some an improvement in activity there and specifically in the industries or sectors that you would call out within Industrial?
Michael Kneeland: I think within Industrial, I think we're still at the point of looking at the timing of some of the downstream oil and gas, turnarounds that may have been postponed. So I wouldn't point to improvement there just yet, but in other Industrial segments. I think there are pockets that you can look at that it felt on a little better than they had in the past. So we continue to see some aerospace related for example and theyre probably some other pockets, but that we could call out there going to be important and try to be even talk in the same time, which is never a good thing. But for example, paper and forest products is  power is one that, but I'd like to pharmaceuticals, biotech we've actually had couple of industrial manufacturing oriented businesses that have done better. So a little bit of green shoots in some of the industrial areas, but it hasn't developed into a powerful way just yet.
William Plummer: Yes, when you look at the 7% growth obviously any offsets to some of the verticals and industrial that that might have depth and some one that might have call flat overall, really the non-res market pick it up strong and that really help drive that 7% volume growth.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thats really helpful. Thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer from Barclays. Your question please.
Robert Wertheimer: Yes, good morning. I wonder if you just go back to SG&A for a minute and you talked about some of the compensation increase SG&A where you've had it that high and past 1Q is relative to sales was a little higher than we thought. So wondering can you maybe clarify how much of the compensation bump was unique to 1Q versus evenly spread throughout the year and was there anything else in 1Q really that you would call on SG&A that may that higher than you might have thought?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, so what I get just a couple of pieces out. So the $16 million if I recall year-over-year increase. Within that I called out the $3 million bonus and in addition to that, there was 7 million of stock compensation expense increase separate apart from the bonus that the cash bonus that we pay out. And again that $7 million reflects the change in accounting guidance about how the stock compensation expense is treated. But it also reflects, primarily reflects the fact that our stock price went up tremendous amount in quarter and so that increase shows up as stock compensation expense in the quarter. Now it comes out of adjusted EBITDA, it's wide and called out as a component of year-over-year change in adjusted EBITDA, but it was about $7 million of the $15 million, $16 million increase that we saw in the quarter. The other $4million, $5 million or so were really timing items among pro fees, T&E and some other in this and that, but those are the big jump.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you. And then it does. But I'm sorry for not understanding, but does that stock compensation increase repeat across the quarters or is it more lumpy in 1Q due to timing of grants or exercises or accounting?
Michael Kneeland: It's more lumpy in 1Q just because of the timing of when our stock compensation awards are made and when they vest, you have to adjust for the stock price at that point, at the vesting point. So the bulk of that $7 million impact will be in the first quarter, been this and that as we go through the rest of the year just based on other awards that are granted, yes, that's going to be the biggest jump.
Robert Wertheimer: Yes. Thats helpful. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Yes. Good morning. Thanks guys. I just want to ask about the Project XL and the $200 million of savings. Are you having to put costs into the business to generate those savings, we would look at that as a kind of a gross or net number?
William Plummer: So the $200 million run rate is going to be a net number. We do have to put some cost into the business in order to achieve some of the initiatives that we do, but when we talk about that run rate achievement, it's going to be the net. So for example, if we're focusing on another service line to our customers, customer equipment  servicing customer equipment is one example. You got to have service tax able to do the work. So that's an example of the expense that will come in, but the net impact is what we're tracking in that $200 million.
Ross Gilardi: When do you think we'll see it, I mean is it going to be like heavily kind of weighted towards the back half of 2018, is that more of like a run rate by the end of 2018 or should we  and where should we see, as you see our SG&A all the sudden start to go down of the fair amount?
William Plummer: So for the win I think, well, first to be exclusive the $200 million is the end of 2018 run rate, that's how we're stating the impact of the program overall, but you'll start to see impacts as we go through 2017, and it will be weighted a little bit more heavily in 2018 than it is in 2017, but you'll start to see some impacts later this year and those impacts should show in a variety of areas. A number of the initiatives are revenue driven and so you would see the impact in topline, but we do have initiatives. For example, we've got a G&A focused initiatives that is pure cost that would show up in SG&A and have others that are mix of revenue and costs. So, I think it would be best  let us get more data out there and then we can talk a little bit more specifically about where to see the impact. And that will come later this year as we get the reporting package defined in the way that we feel confidence talking about externally.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. In the past you guys have expressed some confidence that you could still do like a 60%-ish type incremental margin in a flattish rate environment. Not to put words in your mouth, I wanted to just clarify that first. And do you still  if I have that right, you still sort of feel that way on the back of this quarter.
William Plummer: Yes, I think if we had a flat rate environment, I think we could be in the neighborhood of 60%, it requires us to be able to do some other things in the business that improved productivity. But I think we've be within hailing distance of 60% just with pure flat rate. So still feel that there are opportunities in the business to do that especially you would have to have a business growing for example. Right, you can't say that when the business is declining. You would have to have some productivity focused initiatives, you can't just rest on your laurels and say 50% is going to fall in your lap, but flat rate gets us in the neighborhood.
Ross Gilardi: And just lastly, what are you assuming on the high-end and low-end of your EBITDA guide in terms of the NES cost synergies that you've outlined over the next several years for 2017?
William Plummer: So I think a reasonable range to think about for NES cost synergies realized this year is in that $10 million to $15 million range. So the range that we've given should encompass that kind of range on cost synergies.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thank you.
William Plummer: You bet.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
Adrian Paz: Hi. This is Adrian Paz on for George Tong. In regards to the NES synergies, can you provide a bit more detail on where the synergies will come from and also perhaps timing on how you expect those synergies to ramp?
William Plummer: So maybe I will start on the cost side and Matt if you want you can address the cross-sell. Yes, on the cost, it's good old fashion cost synergies, right, it's about G&A expense represented by wage and benefits and pro fees and T&E and all the basic things that you get at that are duplicative between NES and legacy United Rentals, so we will be addressing those as we go through the year. There's also  the 40 million that we guided to fully developed run rate or fully developed synergies. There's also some branch consolidations that's included in there. And as Matt said in his comments, we want to be very mindful, and thoughtful about when and where and whether we have been branch consolidations, but we assume there would be some just because of the overlap of the network. So those are the main sources on the cost side. And on the revenue side, Matt if you want to offer anything?
Michael Kneeland: I would just say that in the revenue side, certainly you could see from more commentary that its more back loaded. It will take more time to cross sell into the customers. The first step is to stabilize the customers, make those that have any overlap with us, feel comfortable that they don't need a second supplier and then after that we'll start selling our additional product offerings to the team. So that's why you'll see the revenue synergies be more back loaded.
Adrian Paz: And on timing, how do you expect those synergies to ramp in 2017 and also 2018?
Matthew Flannery: You mean, metric or you mean timing?
Adrian Paz: On timing, when you expect to see the synergies go through.
Matthew Flannery: So embedded in the updated guidance that we just gave including NES is how we see this will play out for this year. And then from there we probably will hold until we absorb a lot of the opportunities and challenges and give you more information maybe in the next quarter. The $195 million EBITDA that we gave out as the thesis for the deal still stands firm in our minds.
Adrian Paz: And in regards to rate, do you believe rate pressure is the largely reflecting the energy headwinds, or do you see them as maybe the industry adding fleet too quickly, any additional context on fleet dynamics would be helpful?
Matthew Flannery: Well, I actually think the industry has done a pretty good job on the absorption and not bringing the fleet to quickly. If that continues, that's why you'll hear on more positive tone on us about the forward look as opposed to what we experienced in Q1. So I'm not worried about that. And I mean we spoke about it. Demand is what we think is going to drive this thing. I dont know Bill if you have anything to add.
William Plummer: Thats it.
Adrian Paz: Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Seth.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning, guys. How are you?
Michael Kneeland: Good.
Seth Weber: Sorry, going back to the confidence and the rates moving in the right direction, again? Do you anticipate any change in project type, more project versus MRO? Or any change in customer mix on national versus local that's helping you get more confidence in that or is it just really to appear I think demand is good, supply-demand balance is going to get better throughout the year?
Michael Kneeland: We may get some lift from it. We may even get some lift from product mix, which is a continued focus of ours as you see through our specialty growth. But I would say the big driver here is the basic blocking and its not tackling of selling the full product offering in the demand gives us that opportunity. So demand will be a big one that will move that and we really feel good about that.
William Plummer: I would say its broad based.
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
Seth Weber: Okay, sorry, just going back to the cost side, the bonus accrual discussion. I mean is that  so I think a mobile, you called out $3 million in the first quarter. So I think that's going to get larger as we go through the year. I mean it sounds like you're going to get some benefit from Project XL and things like that. So I'm just trying to kind of net all these things together. At the end of the day, does some of this XL benefit get wiped out by some of these other costs that are going to be accelerating in the model this year or just is there any way to kind of understand the slope of some of these costs that are coming in versus the savings that are going the other way?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, hard to guide you at precise level here is that on the bonus accrual I think the answer. I said that it will be expanding as we go forward. I think we said in the first quarter that the full-year impact if we finish this year at 100% payout over last year would be $27 billion if I remember correctly. And so we got three of that in the first quarter. So I think if you started out just saying, okay the remaining $24 million will come equally over the next three quarters that will give you at least a starting point on that line. Stock compensation expense, we talked about that being heavily focused on first quarter, so you might just assume a smaller amount in subsequent quarters. The timing items pro fees, T&E and some others, it's hard to figure out how to give you much guidance on what to do with those items as we go through the year because there will be some impacts on Project XL probably not huge, but some. And it certainly is something that's hard to figure out how to give you more guidance. All of that's embedded in our guidance overall, the total Company guidance that I understand your question is being more focused on the particular line of SG&A and maybe some other particular line.
Seth Weber: Yes, okay, we can follow-up on off-line. And then just one last one, now that the deal is closed, any thoughts about the share repurchases if you restart that or do you kind of need to get through more of this integration before you feel comfortable doing that?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, get through more of the integration will come back to as we get probably, Ive talked about this, so I'm living dangerously right now, but probably get through the second quarter and it's sort of in the third quarter when we can reengage the discussion. I think that will give us a good four months of seeing how the integrations going and making sure that it's played out the way we thought getting a better handle on how cash flows evolving this year and then we'll consider it and decide whether we want to do something where we want to wait a little longer.
Seth Weber: Okay, thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Matthew Flannery: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: So just one, I need to go back on rate because it sounds like that youve been spending a lot of the Q&A on this. But I guess the one thing that I didn't hear you answer, it is just from a competitive perspective, what you guys are seeing on our peers or competitors behaving rationally or are you seeing some increased competitive pressure, which is adding to the rates decline?
Matthew Flannery: It depends on the market in the markets where we're seeing the demand being the strongest and our performance being stronger. We're seeing similar behavior by most of our competitors. And in the markets where it's a challenge and we're not able to get what we want, Id say it's exacerbated by the other folks that are living through that same reality. So it's not really too different from what we've experienced in the past, the difference that we feel this year versus let's say last year is the demand is much stronger. This feels like a much different although numerically, you can look at sequentials and talk [yourself into] it similar, this feels much different coming out of this Q1, coming out of Q1 last year and I don't imagine that same dynamics not playing through for our competitors. I think it is. I think they probably feel much better coming out of Q1 this year as well.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks, Matt. That's helpful. And then just nitpicky one, your tax rate was low this quarter and you talked about stock comp is the reason why. I know that the stock comp is a lumpy issue and SG&A for the first quarter. Is it also a lumpy issue in the tax rate and we should expect a bump up again in the second quarter and beyond?
Michael Kneeland: I think if you look at the full-year, we still think that we'll be somewhere in that 37%, 38% tax rate. So it will be more of an impact in the first quarter than it will over the remainder of the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Justin Jordan from Jefferies. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Justin.
Justin Jordan: Good morning. Just one thing just going through the slide decks, on Slide 15 you change the basis of which you are showing your top 1000 accounts, the diversified account base slide. I'm just curious; it looks like key accounts are 71% of revenue. I'm just curious what you've done there and equally  I know were [indiscernible] about regular time, but within what you're seeing in terms of the rate development is difference between rates that you're achieving on key accounts versus the unassigned accounts. I'm sort of implying a greater pressure within rate on key accounts?
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Justin, this is Mike. I am going to ask Ted to start  answer part of your question, and we are going to ask Matt, so Ted.
Ted Grace: Yes, just as it relates to the slide deck, the way we used to present it, it was actually measured a little differently it look at the sub accounts and so what we've done is actually aggregated on the sub accounts. So and actually now that the 10-K, I think the possibility of that nothing has changed except reporting it. I think as people want to interpret it before there was some confusion on whether just sort of what we in child accounts obviously more defuse in the parent accounts. Is that makes sense.
Justin Jordan: Yes, thats right. Thank you. And just on the rate pressure by key accounts versus other side?
William Plummer: It's more  you'll see variance by geography more than by account type. I think thats I have been pointing it to earlier. So when you look across the account type along the whole network, it's fairly similar by whether it's our national signed or we call territory accounts.
Justin Jordan: Got it. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thanks. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. We look forward to speaking you again when we ramp up the second quarter. In the meantime, feel free to reach us to Ted Grace, Head of IR to ask any questions or feedback and as always, as you pointed out our Investor deck has been posted out on the Internet. So thank you very much and we can end the call. See you next second quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Chief Financial Officer Matt Flannery  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Neil Frohnapple  Longbow Research George Tong  Piper Jaffray Brendon  RBC Capital Steven Ramsey  Thompson Research Group Ross Gilardi  Bank of America Larry Pfeffer  Avondale Partners Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys earnings release, investor presentation in todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the Companys earnings release and Investor Presentation, to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on todays call. Im always proud to represent United Rentals on these calls, but today as a special significance for me. Our company will turn 20 years old this year and its been quite a journey so far and our best years are still ahead of us. So its fitting that we start the next 20 years with a major announcement to acquire NES Rentals, one of the ten largest equipment rental companies in North America. Im not going to reiterate everything you saw in the release, because I want to leave time for your questions, but I want to emphasize how favorably we view this deal. Both as an attractive use of capital and also as an investment thats in lockstep with our strategy for profitable growth, our core business, our culture and our people. With NES, were gaining a great group of people who share our intense focus on customer service. And when were working side by side throughout the integration to capitalize on the best in class expertise from both sides. And we look forward to giving our new employees even more opportunities as part of our larger organization. I also want to mention that were in a  where is our own toughest customer when it comes to M&A. We look at a lot of proposals and pursue very few of them and acquisition has to make sense at every level. In this case, were buying NES and an attractive multiple using available cash and borrowing capacity and gaining broad based accretion to earnings, revenue, EBITDA in free cash flow. In addition, the strategic rationale is compelling. While NES serves the same construction in industrial markets that we do, their footprint customer base in fleet a commentary to what in many respects. For an example NES has extensive relationships with local and strategic accounts. This will help diversify our customer base and this nicely with our go to market strategy. It should also accelerate the cross selling of our services including our specialty fleet. And the timing is ideal to take advantage of an expanding marketplace. Weve also identified meaningful synergies that will be pursuing to integration. Some of this with the natural outcome of combination, of others like purchasing efficiencies that will come to scale. So this investment can be characterized as the right assets, right timing, right people, right place and the right price. In the middle, Ill talk more about our operating environment, but I first want to summarize 2016 and the performance of our current operations. Our financial results and our view of the cycle are both important narratives today. The NES acquisition while important for other reasons to be seen as the latest execution of our ongoing strategy for value creation. So starting with the fourth quarter, we were very pleased with the way our business performed. Rental revenue, OEC on rent, and time utilization, all increased versus year-ago. And while rates continue to lag that are well within our projected range. On a monthly sequential basis, we gain momentum going to 2017, and our OEC on rent was particularly strong through December. Turning to the full year, we delivered solid results in the year that has share of headwinds, starting with the global economic concerns in the first quarter and then ongoing drags from upstream oil and gas or weak Canadian economy and industry over fleeting. Despite these constraints, we exceeded the upper band of our guidance on total revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow. In fact, the $1.18 billion of free cash flow we generated was a record for us. Our results in 2016 were driven by a combination of positive internal and external dynamics. The internal push came in a large part from our strategic approach the business development. For example, we signed new customers and targeted verticals. We grew our specialty operations and employed a surgical use of CapEx to expand our fleet, all while maintaining cost discipline. The external pool came from broad-based demand across geographies and project types led by commercial construction. And we are pleased to see our confidence in the cycle reflected in the market behavior. And we believe the cycle remains intact and that demand will continue to trend up in 2017. In the U.S., theres obvious from industry optimism about the focus of the new administration. In our opinion, its too early to call. Its a government spending stimulates construction it will be incremental to a cycle that we already see as positive for our business. I want to give you a quick rundown of the four additional factors we considered and formulating our view. First, there are number of favorable U.S. indicators of 2017, including the Dodge construction outlook, contractor backlogs, national surveys by key trade groups, and importantly CEO confidence surveys. These are the people making spending decisions to create jobs for our customers. IHS market, our industrys primary forecasting firm, projects 3% to 4% growth for the U.S. rental industry this year. Second, there  appears to be on more of a balance between supply and demand. If rental companies continue to show discipline with CapEx spending, the absorption rate for excess fleet should accelerate. Until then, we expect to see more of our growth come from volume other than rate. Third, customer surveys in the quarter showed a positive trend. More than half of the respondents cited an improving outlook for 2017, while only 5% pointed to a declining outlook. And at the same time, U.S. consumers, home builders, and small businesses reported higher confidence levels in December. So theres no disconnect here. And fourth, we have the benefit of almost 900 branches with connections to hundreds of local markets. This gives us an ongoing access that industries largest volume of empirical data, operating information and customer touch points. More immediately, our fourth quarter results reflected a healthy level of demand. We increased our average daily OEC on rate year-over-year in a majority of the states and provinces where we operate. In the U.S., the coastal states continue to outpace the country as a whole. This is particularly true in the Southeast. Our double-digit revenue growth was driven by commercial construction of warehousing, data centers, and mixed use facilities. Further up the coast were on a casino project, power plants, as well as the major airport expansion. Out west, we saw nearly $7 billion of large multi-year projects start up in California last quarter, with Washington, Oregon, and Arizona expected to follow suit by March. These range from stadiums and transit projects to healthcare, solar, automotive, and corporate campuses. And were cautiously optimistic that Canada has turned the corner. The fourth quarter marked a first uptick in oil and gas activity in Canada since 2014. And GDP growth is expected to accelerate to 2% this year aided in part by the rebalanced commodity prices. Our specialty segment continued to outperform in the quarter, rental revenue for Trench, Power and Pump increased by approximately 5%, 17% and 10% respectively from the prior year. We opened a total of 14 specialty branches in 2016 and plan to open another 17 this year. As we said in our Investor Day, our long-term goal remains to grow our specialty business to $2 billion of revenue. Now in 2016, the bulk of specialties top line growth came from same-store performance. This was driven by standalone demand for the services and by cross-selling our specialty fleet to our general rental customers. Cross-selling remains an important part of our company wide plan to cement customer loyalty and boost return on assets. In 2016, we generated 13% more revenue from cross-selling our fleet to national accounts versus the prior year. And with NES on board, well thousands of new customers that can use our services. So to circle back what I said earlier, we believe that this is a critical year in terms of timing. In addition to expanding to M&A and our specialty cold starts will be funding a series of exciting initiatives to enhance the long-term earning power of the business. We announced this on Investor Day in December under the name Project XL. Executing this plan now, we believe, we can capitalize more fully on the cycle and realize attractive dividends for years to come. One area of investment is technology, well be expanding our digital strategy and our total control fleet management software to create more of a competitive mode. And well continue to explore new verticals that offer potential synergies with our existing customer base. This year well spend about $200 million more of CapEx versus 2016 based on current operations in part to serve different types of customers and markets associated with these initiatives. And were focusing on aspects of the business that are within our control with the potential to permanently enhance our industry position and future profitability. These growth investments are baked into our guidance, we issued for 2017 and once we complete the purchase of NES well issue new guidance for the combined operation. So this is where we start to narrative for 2017 at the threshold of our next 20 years. Poised to capitalize on a healthy marketplace with an exciting acquisition on our doorstep and laser focus on opportunities. The agility to adjust to sudden changes and the experience to act not just as stewards of United Rentals but as catalyst for growth. So with that, Ill ask Bill to cover the quarter and recap the year. And then well take your questions. Over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike and good morning to everyone. My comments this morning, Ill skinny down a little bit the commentary on Q4 and the year, so that we have a little time to talk about the NES transaction as well as our outlook for the year. So let me start as always with the rental revenue in the quarter. Rental revenue was up 1.6% over the prior year or about $20 million of total change. Within that re-rent and ancillary, were basically flat with last year. So the change was really in owned equipment revenue, volume was the major positive there, OEC on rent was up nicely in the quarter 4.3% that accounted for about $47 million of year-over-year rental revenue change. Rate was the big headwind there, down 1.8% year-over-year for the quarter accounted for about $20 million of reduction versus last year. On the CapEx inflation front usual 1.5% or so, of a headwind there, thats about $17 billion of reduction versus last year. And then mix in other accumulates all the other impacts within that a number of different cross currents. One is the fact that the holidays fell on maybe a little bit of a fortunate part of the week, with Christmas and New Years on Sundays this year as oppose to Fridays the year before they hit us less than the last year in terms of what we see on rent during the work week. So put it all together, that mix and another number was about $11 million positive versus last year. And that adds up the $20 million year-over-year change in rental revenue. There was no real currency impact in rental revenue for the quarter. The Canadian dollar was not significantly different this year than it was last year. As speaking of Canada, it still remains somewhat of a headwind on a year-over-year basis. Rental revenue in Canada was down double digits, if you excluded that the U.S. only portion of our rental revenue was up 2.9% that compares to the 1.6% that we reported for the whole company. And that, that impact in Canada is basically the carryover from the decline that weve been talking to in Canada for the last year plus. This real briefly on used equipment sales down $22 million in proceeds from U.S sales year-over-year down to $135 million and that primarily flex. The smaller amount of OEC on rent that we sold this year compared to last year. The margin and price performance of our used sales were nice improvements over last year. Margin at  adjusted margin at 49.6%, 3.1 percentage points higher reflects nice price performance. In fact, if you look at our proceeds as a percent of OEC, we realized 53.4% of the original cost back through used equipment proceeds that 60 basis points better than it was last year and reflects a pricing environment, which has turned more positive over the last number of months. So were encouraged by not only what that sales were used sales proceeds, but also what it might say about the direction of demand in the marketplace. On adjusted EBITDA going through the bridge there $749 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. Thats $5 million better than last year and 49.2% margin, which is 30 basis points better. Volume accounted for $32 million of improvement over last year and then rental rates went against that for about $19 million of declined reflecting the volume and rate environment that we talked about previously. Fleet inflation was also a headwind down $12 million year-over-year and used sales, the $5 million declined in used sales profit was a contributor of headwind. A merit impact was the usual roughly $5 million this year and the bonus accrual was also a headwind in the quarter kind of for about $10 million of decline versus last year. When you look at the rest the remaining $24 million is a combination of other cost improvements across the wide variety of cost items and they reflect the impact primarily of our focus on cost through our lean initiatives and other areas. So lumping the cost improvements together including bad debt improvements the little bit of an assurance reserve adjustment and other cost saves the total to about $16 million of improvement versus last year and then that leaves $8 million or so of mix and other. Regarding our lean savings and other EBITDA improvement initiatives, we had been targeting as you all know the $100 million run rate of improvement by the end of 2016, pleased to say that we actually ended the year with a run rate of $110 million on that program. So it continues to reflect the effort of a lot of people really focusing on all of our processes across the company to drive improvement. And needless to say that focus will continue. Weve got a new energized set of initiatives that are part of the Project XL projects that Mike mentioned and well continue to report on progress on those initiatives as we go forward. One of the standout measures for our quarter this year was free cash flow $1.182 as Mike said is a record, that $260 million improvement year-over-year roughly really reflects the impact of a couple of key items obviously it was benefited by the reduction in CapEx, but there were benefits in a number of different areas. So it was a very robust free cash flow result and helped us drive a significant reduction in our net debt. Net debt at the end of the year was down $500 million versus the prior year about 6% and its very importantly reflected the impact of our free cash flow. That in fact includes the impact of our share repurchase on the year, which was a total of $517 million in the year. Speaking of the share repurchase we are in the quarter spend about $40 million to bring that year-to-date program up to 517. And if you look at the program to date number its $627 million, so little over $370 million remains on the program as you all saw during the earnings release. We paused purchases under the program that $40 of purchases happened in the month of October, and obviously we paused as we were considering actually several acquisitions in addition to the NES acquisition that weve announced. As we complete the NES acquisition, as we start down and get deep into the integration. Our plan is to we evaluate where we are and how we want to approach the share repurchase program. Our intend is to continue to complete the program, but we feel its prudent to re-evaluate where we are, see how the cash flow is shaping up as we get later in the year. And then make a separate decision about, when and how quickly we go back at the share repurchase program. So stay tuned on that front. We did finish with significant liquidity as we always do at the end of the quarter, $1.2 billion in total liquidity and that includes just little over $800 million of ABL capacity and a little over $300 million of cash on the balance sheet. Just real quickly on the capital structure, youve all seen the redemptions and new issuance that weve done throughout the course of the year in service of the capital structure, just to call out one specific number of the impact of that going forward. We expect that along with the redemptions and restructuring and the reduction in debt that it will have a significant positive impact on our cash interest expense for next year. So we are expecting a reduction in cash interest of about $65 million in 2017 compared to 2016. Last two points, the outlook and the NES transactions and then we will get to Q&A. On the outlook, you saw the numbers, I dont feel compelled to repeat them just a couple of points. First, we have said this before but just to reiterate the outlook removes this time rate and time utilization guidance and thats consistent with the philosophy that weve talked about over the last couple of quarters. I will note that the EBITDA range that we gave, just to highlight does include some operating expense investments in support of some of the Project XL initiatives that weve touched on in other areas, as well as other focused areas like our improvement in digital and marketing efforts and so forth. On free cash flow the $650 million to $750 million range there reflects an increase in cash taxes that weve been talking about for some time now. We expect 2017 cash tax is to be higher by about $260 million versus 2016, and when you combine that increase with the outflow for roughly $200 million more of CapEx. Those are the two significant drivers of our outlook for free cash flow coming down from the $1.182 billion this year to the $650 million to $750 million range for 2017. We also will benefit from the cash interest reduction that I just pointed out, but working against that are the net operating profitability and working capital adjustment. So when you add all that up, you get to our outlook of $650 million to $750 million on free cash flow. The one other point Ill make on the outlook is that, again, I think we said this in the releases, but none of those numbers include the impact of NES, our plan is to provide combined company guidance for the remainder of the year at the point where we close NES. So stay tuned for that. Further on NES, Mike hit the key points, but just to reiterate we think that the impact of NES with the customers that they bring the additional scale that it means for us. The improvement in the density of our network in certain key markets, the cross sell opportunities all are very key parts of the strategic rationale for doing this deal. And then you set those alongside the cost synergies and the tax benefits and it makes were very powerful financial view of the deal as well. But the cost synergies we are calling out is about $40 million, roughly $30 million of that number is from good old fashioned straight ahead corporate overhead and other sort of obvious operating efficiencies. The remainder is due to operational efficiencies that require a little bit more change in process and analysis before we can call out it specifically where they will come from. But based on our experience with RSC and other acquisitions were very confident that the $40 million total of operating cost is very achievable synergy result. When you synergies their EBITDA, there are $155 million of EBITDA from last year by the $40 million just to get a measure of the overall value of this deal. That $965 million purchase price divided by that synergised EBITDA comes down to a 4.9 times multiple thats pretty attractive by almost any standard, especially when you consider the multiple that we are trading at today. When you further add in the effect of that tax benefit, which we calculate as a present value of about $125 million that brings the adjusted purchase price multiple down to 4.3 times. Thats very attractive and that shows in the return profile of this acquisition. We expect that from an ROIC perspective its going to be ROIC above our cost of capital very quickly in fact within 18 months. And that return perspective is also very powerful if you look at the internal rates of return as another way of thinking about returns. So the financial characteristics of this deal are very attractive alongside the strategic rationale that we touched on before. Just regarding our financing plan the $965 million purchase price will be paid in all cash. And our intention is to draw a portion of that purchase price from our ABL and the remainder will go into a new underwritten debt issue. We havent yet decided exactly how we might approach either, either the amount of the ABL draw, or whether well issue a new debt issue or reopen an existing issue. So more to come as we get a little bit more in-depth and get closer to close on that transaction. Regarding timing, our expectation is that the deal will close in the early part of the second quarter. And obviously that will be driven by getting through certain key milestones like Hart-Scott-Rodino approval. But we dont see any issue with HSR its just a matter of when the timing will come. So for modelling purpose as weve been thinking about it as an April, 1 close obviously if we get to the point of closing earlier, we will do that. But for modelling purposes thats a reasonable place to start. So thats enough of you guys listening to me. Lets get to Q&A. And hopefully well be able to address any questions that you have, so operator?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Neil Frohnapple from Longbow Research. Your question please?
Neil Frohnapple: Hi, guys.
William Plummer: Hi, Neil.
Neil Frohnapple: I believe the implied incremental margin on the midpoint to the sales and EBITDA guidance is around 18% for 2017. And I think you mentioned operating expenses higher to support Project XL. But are there any other notable headwinds on 2017 EBITDA such as incentive comp or  should I not read too much than the calculations since this based on a fairly small revenue change.
William Plummer: Yes, I think its an important point that youve made right at the end there, it is a small revenue change and so the exact percent that you calculate, you cant go too far with. But that said, you do have to remember that we do have incremental expenses like normalizing our bonus payout thats a $27 million impact year-over-year. If we end up paying out 100% in 2017 compared to where we paid out in 2016. So pretty significant headwind and you certainly need to keep that in mind, of course, on a year-over-year basis we always have our usual suspect like merit increases, merit accounts or something like $23 million to $25 million of headwind year-over-year as well. So you got to keep that in mind. And then weve got the usual inflation on the other lines of cost that we will run hard to offset with the savings and the initiatives from Project XL beyond going mean initiatives and so forth. So those are couple of key things that I would throughout Neil.
Neil Frohnapple: Okay, thats helpful. And then whats your first blush on NES rentals fleet mix composition including class, age et cetera. I mean we will require a period of higher CapEx to improve their fleet mix. And it does look like their more crane exposure to some larger type cranes like rough train. So this is an opportunity longer-term for United to expand more into yours, more or likely that you guys would deemphasize our products over time. Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Neil. This is Matt. So the fleet age is a good question and were going to find out whether thats I wouldnt necessarily go to the point saying that, thats going to require CapEx. They as a competitor NES is very good customer service and very good customer retention. So were going to learn how they have wage that fleet while keeping R&M at a reasonable cost and maybe well learn something there. It is primarily an aerial fleet and weve always known if you can [indiscernible] aerial when you need to, but there may be some other trick thats the great part of all of our acquisitions as we always learn something new from the new team members that we bring on board. As far as the cranes, the cranes is a mix of some cranes that were very familiar with like some of the industrial cranes with Broderson Cranes that we use a lot in steel mills and car plant. And they do have some cranes that are not as compatible with our fleet. Theyre isolated in a few markets and with a couple of customers who are very familiar with. I wont go as for yet is to say we may grow that in our  in further in our footprint. But we certainly once again have the opportunity to learn. I think its important to note that just about all their cranes are bare rentals, which place pretty well for us. So we probably have a little bit of a concern if they were all mean to rentals. So I think its an opportunity once again for us to learn about potential new offerings
Neil Frohnapple: Great. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hey George.
George Tong: Hi, thanks, good morning. You are targeting costs synergies of about $40 million associated with the NES transaction, a big part of that is coming from operations and operational efficiency, based on your due diligence can you elaborate on the sources of savings, potential savings from operations at NES and also how much potential rental CapEx savings you can generate.
William Plummer: Yes. Hey George, its Bill. So what I would say is the operational efficiencies are going to come out of just really diving deeper into their processes as well as our processes and looking for ways to improve those processes based on what either side has learned over time. The way I think about it sort of accrued way, theyre operating at about a 42% EBITDA margin, were operating at about 48% EBITDA margin. So that GAAP says that were doing something that that they are not. Now whether they can do what we can do or not, well find out more detail, but I think as we look deeper into how they do things and how we do things, were going to find ways to close that GAAP somewhat. And its just going to take some time to get to. Regarding other savings, purchasing savings certainly are an opportunity for us I think you saw in the investor deck for the deal that we think that we can find some procurement savings just right off the back just given the greater scale that we have for fleet purchases compared to where we see them. So thats going to be cash save and well show up immediately release then in operating expenses, but cash save that adds to the value of this deal. So well be looking for other opportunities in addition to the fleet purchases to leverage that aspect as well.
George Tong: Got it, thats helpful. And then secondly the year-over-year improvement in time utilization stepped up pretty meaningfully in December, time it was up and 1.7% in December compared to up 28% October and 0.9% in November. The holidays falling on a weekend was a factor, but can you elaborate on how the strength in rental demand changed as you moved through the quarter?
William Plummer: Yes. It really that it  so you got the profile. Id say the utilization profile probably mirrors the OEC on rent profile right. So it step-up and youre right, December was helped by Christmas on a weekend, but that wasnt the entire story for the month of December. And Ill let Matt talk about specific areas of demand that we saw, but there was a general move higher as we saw little bit more activity just kind of build as we went through the quarter.
George Tong: Anything you want add?
Matt Flannery: No. I think Bill covered it, but to reiterate the demand was a bigger driver than just the holiday on weekend and that has been encouraging for us. We didnt have the drop that we havent Thanksgiving as large as weve had past years that was encouraging for us. So there are a lot of good things for us and I think, you hear that and see that in our guidance going into 2017.
George Tong: Very helpful, thank you.
William Plummer: Thanks, George. I think I told a couple of folks that December was 180 basis points year-over-year as 170 is the right number. Thanks for remind me that George.
George Tong: Of course, thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in of Seth Weber from RBC Capital. Your question please.
Brendon: Hi, this is Brendon on for Seth. Touching on the oil and gas markets, I was wondering if there was any kind of additional color on metrics that you could provide for a performance in the quarter. And then if you are seeing any kind of revamp in activity and if you are aware?
William Plummer: Sure, Brendon. Weve seen some incremental improvement that would be similar to what you see in the rig count, maybe a little bit less, but I think the important point to know is that this point, the upstream is only a little over 2% of our overall revenue. So if we see a 14%, 15% improvement will  theyll have some impact on how much of improvement you are going to see and is it meaningful in the overall organization. That being said, if you add in the Canadian part of the business, which gets categorized a little bit in the non-drilling in the midstream, thats another percent of our business brings the total up to three and some improvement up there would really help the team up in Western Canada. We havent seen that yet, most of the improvements in the second part of your question has been out in the Permian and mostly in the drills in the U.S., but not so much in Western Canada yet and we are positioned for when we get tail.
Brendon: Okay, great. And then your guidance from the 1.4% to 1.5% growth CapEx, how are you thinking that between  splitting that between specialty and gen rent and then does the new deal do anything to slow specialty branch openings.
Michael Kneeland: On the latter part of your question absolutely not, we are still targeting 14 cold starts and specialty and actually this new customer base that we are gaining from the NES acquisition, we think and enhance our opportunity to cross sell and I think you saw that in the notes that we had. Additionally, Im sorry, I think I said 14  we had 14 this year and 17 planned for 2017. Additionally, when we think about how we are going to spend the CapEx, specialty is still a top priority. That seems not only is a very accretive when we grow that business, but they continue to show the ability to grow that business. So that will be a primary source of funding and then Bill touched earlier on the investments we want to make in Project XL and I think that a lot of the rest part CapEx will be to support getting into new verticals, such as continuing to grow our infrastructure business. That might take some unique product, some new product that we think have some great opportunity or the entertainment vertical and while the list could go on, but we do see an opportunity to broaden even our gen rent fleet or non-specialty fleet.
Brendon: Okay thanks. Thats it from me.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
Steven Ramsey: Hi guys, this is Steven Ramsey on for Nick.
Michael Kneeland: Hi.
Steven Ramsey: Can you talk about NES time utilization and rate trajectory in the past couple of years and how they would compare to you guys?
William Plummer: So I think if you  we put some revenue NES revenue information in the Investor Day, I dont remember if we put fleet. Im just trying to give you some external data that maybe can point you in the right direction. Its clear that what Id say on rate is that  we know that United Rentals is a premium rate company relative to the marketplace. Weve seen that through a lot of different data sources. And so it shouldnt be a surprise that our rate performance if you measured by dollar utilization for example is higher than NES. I think thats about as far as Id go on that front. On time utilization they are a aerial, a heavy fleet and so its hard to compare directly their time utilization experience with ours. Theyve done a nice job in getting their fleet on rent and keeping utilizations attractive. And thats something that were pleased to see. And we want to make sure that we can support that if not enhance that going forward. So those are the comments that I offer. Matt or Mike, I dont know, if you guys would want to add anything else.
Matt Flannery: No, I think
Michael Kneeland: No, I think you covered.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. And then on the regional color, you provided which was helpful. Is there a much of a discrepancy and this is for core United. Is there a much of a discrepancy in rates by region of the United States?
Matt Flannery: We havent gone into that before Steven. I mean there is some discrepancy I would say that the band has tightened over the years. That theres the big outlier used to be Western Canada. Thats no long, youve seen the Canadian rate experience. So thats tightened up, I think the oil and gas high rate market as weve discussed before as part of our headwind. Thats tightening the band overall. And as there is not larger variances there used to be we havent discussed in detail but you can imagine the balance of rate and time is what everybody runs in the rental industry. So that is your  if youre in severe cold weather markets, youre going to need to end up in a little bit more rate because your time opportunity is lower, but not anything that Id call out on the call.
Steven Ramsey: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
William Plummer: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your question please.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. Thanks guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hey.
William Plummer: Hey, Ross.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, Im sorry if I missed some of this because were just jumping between calls. I mean you say that in upfront but clearly
Michael Kneeland: Yes, we do hearing
Ross Gilardi: Yes, think I guess. I think its a good time. Its a hard time to have a conference call. But look clearly you guys are very excited about your business right now, lots of optimism on the future. But I guess when I look at it youre still guiding the flattish EBITDA at the midpoint. So like are you seeing any genuine acceleration in your business yet or we still kind of at this plateau. Im trying to understand, what the offsetting factors are here, because you guys saw clearly plenty of growth opportunities that youre excited about?
William Plummer: I think we can say, weve seen genuine acceleration as we talked about in fourth quarter in the overall demand. And if you dig a little deeper into that demand growth, you can point to new projects that have kicked off or that are ramping up. That we expect will continue into 2017. So that gives us encouragement thats one of the reasons why we put more CapEx into the plan for this year. For example, so on that regard. Yes, we think that theres genuine acceleration going out there from a demand perspective. How quickly that translates into top line growth and profitability growth is part of the question that we wrestle with at this time in the year. But we think we captured that wrestling in the ranges that weve given in our guidance. So I would say dont just fixate on the midpoint. Think about the full range that we gave you because we think the full range is reflective of that momentum and how it could play out as we go forward.
Michael Kneeland: And this is Mike. The only thing I would add to that is  Im not sure if you attended our conference in December, Investor Day. But we laid out a very detailed strategy. And that is what were following. We understand the industry. We understand the demand factors as Bill mentioned. You know the easiest thing we can do is add capital. But we have a very, very rigorous plan of how we think about things and how were going to execute it. And thats where the capital is going to go. Thats how were going to apply it. We tried to point out the discipline that weve put in play are in CapEx last year by increasing the contribution margin, by changing what were investing in. And thats the message I would say as we go forward. Bill is exactly right. We gave a range and that range  is one that we think is comparison to where the market is and how we see the world.
Ross Gilardi: Got it. Thanks guys. And then just question on incremental margins going forward. I mean obviously I can see what youve laid out there for 2017 and its a pretty type range. But how should we think more broadly about incremental. I mean in the good old days when you guys were raising prices like 3%, 4% a year you had this steady incremental EBITDA flow through like 60% plus. I guess and just like more broadly in an environment where demands up a little bit, your growing fleet 4%, 5% in pricings kind of moving sideways. What kind of incremental margin with that sort of translate into on your view?
Michael Kneeland: It makes a little bit more challenging to hit that 60%. I think the wildcard question is how much can some of the Project XL initiatives and sort of the building momentum on our Lean and other cost focus initiatives. How much do those support the flow through that we might otherwise experience. So a hard question, I answer without getting into too many specifics, but what Id say is if we got to a level of revenue growth that was sort of larger right to get away from the calculation challenge of small levels of revenue growth.
Ross Gilardi: Right.
Michael Kneeland: Id like to feel that the initiatives that weve got going in the business would keep us around that 60% flow through kind of area. So keep asking that question as we go forward and get a little bit more revenue growth going, but if I remodeling flow through I just start there at least and then build some sensitivities around it.
Ross Gilardi: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thanks, guys.
William Plummer: Yes, thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Pfeffer from Avondale Partners. Your question please.
Larry Pfeffer: Good morning, gentlemen.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, good morning.
William Plummer: Good morning.
Larry Pfeffer: So into your point on, you wish went through on kind of the acceleration is some of the increased CapEx in gen rent going to opportunities that maybe you werent able to serve last year.
William Plummer: Yes. I think thats fair, right. I think we climb down pretty hard on CapEx in 2016. And there were certainly numerous cases. I know because every time I went out in the field people accosted me about capital. Numerous cases were focused on that, it would be a good idea to invest more capital to go after some of the business that we just couldnt when we were constraining capital. So if you read that constrain a little bit then you can get that business and you can support the initiatives under Project XL and some of the verticals that were going after as Matt mentioned. And so thats part of what were trying to accomplish with a little bit more capital in 2017.
Larry Pfeffer: Got you. And then just on the acquisition front obviously large deal here with NES. How does that change your thinking if it all on kind of the pipeline as we move through 2017?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. We always have a pipeline. I think that as Bill went through his opening comments, he talked about how our trend  in the transaction, how we think about our M&A strategy. First start strategically, I mean look at the financial aspects, and then cultural is also another one. Its very important to learn. This one here happens ahead all of them. And there are numerous deals that we have looked at and we just continue on, they will make the card. And thats how we  thats the discipline in rigor that we put in play. We have a pretty high bar and thats not going to change. So if they hit all three of those buckets then we are very interested, but much beyond that we have the disciplined at to walk from.
William Plummer: And the capacity if we do find one that lines up right, this deal will only take us to little under three times leverage right at the close, by the end of the year that leverage is going to come down, depending on what we end up doing with the share repurchase for example to nicely below three times. So well be in a position where of another deal lines up and its available later this year. Were ready to go.
Larry Pfeffer: Got you. Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
William Plummer: Right. Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please.
Joe Box: Hey guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hey Joe.
William Plummer: Hey Joe.
Joe Box: So Mike over the last couple of years, youve talked about steering the company toward higher returning items like specialty. I know youve left the door open for really any deal, but maybe if you could just highlight the top one or two things that really made you comfortable with going with a big gen rent deal.
Michael Kneeland: Well. Joe I think I just outlined transaction with NES I think is a way of looking at it strategically. And as you think about it, when I will just check  go through the check list. It accesses to new customers. It supports growth in attractive markets. And enhances that cross selling that specialty side of the business. And we give market density. From our financial, as Bill outlined, we get growth returns free cash flow without significantly impacting our leverage to getting a cost synergies. And then the cultural aspect of when [indiscernible] going back strategically as Matt mentioned, and heres a company that as older assets, but their churncustomer was relatively low, which is peaks volume about how they focus on the customer. That along with safety is something that both of those items are a part of the United Rentals culture. So those are things that we look at and those are the things, how we would look at all every one of these. From a timing perspective, you talk about large one. We have to look at leverage. And those are all the components that now we look at and again I can only tell you that we have the courage not to new deals.
Matt Flannery: Yes, just from the finance section of this room the tax benefit is no small thing as well. Thats very important value for us as we move into being a pull cash tax payer to be able to realize that $125 million present value, with a pretty high certainty is pretty attractive. So just one more piece of that puzzle that Mike just step through the said a lot of things lined up to make this deal attractive.
Joe Box: Got it. Thanks for that. And then maybe switching gears, can you guys just give us a feel for maybe how the OEC on rent or the rental rate trajectory seems to be looking into January? I guess I just want to be cognizant of the favorable weather that we saw in 4Q and the timing in the holiday relative to what seems like could be a ramp in overall activity.
William Plummer: Yes, Joe. So to be consistent with our approach have not giving guidance or going into too much debt about rate and time utilization, I wont answer that question directly, all update is that weve giving you the guidance for the full year, we havent seen anything that would cause us to change that guidance, obviously, because we just gave the last night. So that as far as would ready to go and comment about January.
Joe Box: Fair enough. Thanks for taking my questions.
William Plummer: Thank Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is [indiscernible] on behalf of Jerry Revich. I know that you wont comment on pricing and better than in your guidance. But can you way on in your view that is broader pricing cycle, weve had a positive about past years. But with your CapEx announcement should that be an indication that you expect for market to return to pricing growths.
William Plummer: I wont directly address pricing other than to say that I do believe  we do believe that there is a very good argument that the overall cycle is in good shape. And will continue on and upward path for some time to come, whether that manifest itself in rates going back up and sort of the 4%, 5%, 6% a year kind of frame that they did. Earlier in this recovery I leave it to you to put your own estimate on that. But the cycle has legs to go is our view. And so that will support demand and depending on, how the market dynamics respond to that demand, it will have an impact on where rates go.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, and then as you evaluate the NES business model. Can you talk about what you see as the drivers for there, lower dollar utilization and EBITDA to OEC. And then like how much of that GAAP is operational verse requiring equipment refresh to read this might spending?
Matt Flannery: So I would this is Matt, I would say that its probably when you compare it to our overall dollar utilization. The first of significant driver is the fleet next. So they are primarily an aerial company at doesnt bring even for us as high dollar utilization as our average, but also doesnt bring the cost associated with it. So theres a lot of opportunity for us that help bolster their dollar utilization through our processes and by serving additional products to their customers. And thats one of the reasons why we think were a good owner for that business. As far as their fleet age, I dont think that really plays too much into the dollar utilization it may add some incremental cost. But we feel when we put these two companies together in some of these markets were going to have the opportunity to get a better net return than we get today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And one more if I can. On RSC you reduced cost by 16% of the acquired company sales. Here youre implying that 11% of EMEA sales, whats driving that difference and is that maybe something just being a little conservative.
Matt Flannery: Other than the fact that were buying both companies they dont have that many similarities. RSC was a public company had a lot more overhead costs that we could  that were duplicative immediately. So that was a big driver. At the time of the RSC acquisition a lot of the savings were driven by branch closures, because we both had extra capacity in existing facilities. As a result to the RSC facility  acquisition, we dont have a lot of excess capacity in our facilities right now. So store consolidation is not the opportunity it was. We actually see the footprint and the employees and the talent in this acquisition as a potential growth platform. So this is not strictly a cost play here and those would be the significant drivers to why that number is different.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
William Plummer: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning guys and congratulation.
William Plummer: Hey, thank you.
Scott Schneeberger: In Canada, lets speak there, its sounds like you had really nice rental revenue growth in the U.S. with Canada dragging and if you could just touch on that. And then going a little deeper, whats underlying in the guidance for Canada for the upcoming year. It seems like you are optimistic in the industrial area in Canada and the U.S. So if you could just elaborate there please? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure. I would say that overall, were looking at Canada to be flat to slightly up and that varies greatly by provinces, even our experience in Q4. Six of the 10 provinces did have growth  did have volume growth and there are some robust markets that are doing well. Its all dragged down by the big rock in Alberta for us with such great penetration and market share in Alberta and thats where the country has taken its biggest hit. So its a little bit of a balancing act. I will say that were positioned well enough in all 10 provinces that whatever opportunity it comes. We can exceed what we have planned right now and some of that growth capital could shift up there, should they get any tailwind like what youre referring to is almost 5% industrial growth forecasted. Those forecast always exchange throughout the year, but if it holds true I would imagine that wed end up putting some of that growth capital into Canada. Were also continuing some cold start growth in our specialty business in Canada, so theres more penetration there as an opportunity. So I would say flat is maybe the implied guide, but if that shifts in the opportunity shifts will accordingly shift fleet up there.
Scott Schneeberger: All right, thanks Matt. Bill just a quick follow-up on the CapEx. You address the buckets before, thanks for that and if you want to go maybe to re-magnitude those that will be appreciated. But this question is really more about cadence and what type of pattern we should see through the year as we enter. Thanks.
William Plummer: Thanks, Scott. I wont go any further on the buckets but regards cadence, you recall the last year, we clamp down pretty hard in the first quarter. So we wont be that aggressive in the first quarter relative to the rest of the year. This year, if I remember the number from last year was about $100 million in Q1 with the overall increase and with a little bit of a shift in timing. You could see a spin in the neighbourhood of twice that in Q1 this year. The second and third quarters will be up dollar wise. But not dramatically so maybe a little bit more of an increase in the third quarter than the second. And then the fourth quarter will be up just a little bit over fourth quarter of 2016. So that some broad guidelines for you to get started and if that doesnt help ask again in April on the next call.
Scott Schneeberger: All right, great. Thanks guys.
William Plummer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session in todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland for closing comments.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thank you. In closing, I want to remind everyone that theres a new Investor Presentation on our website. That contains more details about the acquisition, if you havent seen it already. You will also find seven decks and a webcast from our Investor Day, including more about Project XL. So theres a lot going on. And we look forward to sharing our progress with you in the next 90 days. In the meantime feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, who is in-charge of our IR. And if you have any questions, follow-up and/or would like to see a facility. We welcome that. So thank you very much and look forward to our next quarterly call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - CEO William Plummer - CFO Matthew Flannery - COO
Analysts: Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Seth Weber - RBC David Raso - Evercore ISI George Tong - Piper Jaffray Mili Pothiwala - Morgan Stanley Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Group Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals' Third Quarter Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Company's earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's earnings release, investor presentation in today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the Company's earnings release and Investor Presentation, to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. My. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on today's call. Before I begin, I want to mention our upcoming Analyst Day, which will be held on Thursday, December 1st in New York. We hold this conference every two years and the webcast is the most dependent event. This time, were taking a deep dive into different initiatives we have underway including customer strategies, fleet management, process innovations and other areas that demonstrate how we're maximizing the value of our company for shareholders. I hope you join us. Now, let's go into the quarter. Our operating environment played out largely as we expected, demand continue to trend up driving an increase in volume of equipment on rent. Our specialty operations continue to outperform both the rental industry and our company as a whole delivering solid benefits to revenue, margin and returns. And major initiatives such as cross-selling are ramping up nicely. The revenue contribution from cross-selling has increased sequentially throughout 2016. In the third quarter, cross-selling to national accounts grew by a robust 14% year-over-year. Now, these gains were offset by three ongoing headwinds in our industry. They are the Canadian economy, upstream oil and gas, and the current fleet balance. But overall, the market continues to move in our favor. I guess this backdrop we did a good job with rental revenue. On a year-over-year basis, revenue was essentially flat despite softer rates. We were pleased to deliver adjusted EPS of $2.58 per diluted share and as well as adjusted EBITDA of 747 million and a margin of 49.5%. And free cash flow continued to be a robust 846 million through September while our CapEx spending stayed on plan. Now, based on this performance and given the visibility into the fourth quarter, we've narrowed some of our guidance to help you model our business. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA to be at the top end of the range, we previously provided. We also feel confident that we can improve on our full year rate declines we forecasted earlier with no significant impact time utilization. And we expect record free cash flow of more than a billion dollars which would exceed our original guidance. And as we considered the best way to service our large contract wins, we made by and up to an additional $50 million of fleet in the fourth quarter. So, no surprise as in terms of the cycle or our own performance, I would characterize as it's being right on track. Next, I want to spend a few minutes on our operating environment. There are some positive indicators. Dodge has reported that new constructions starts are up over 22% sequentially in August with the most meaningful gains coming from commercial and public construction. Non-residential starts increased significantly overall a 43% in August and another 5% in September. This is consistent with other U.S. construction data, which show the backlogs for large contractors hit a new high this year. And many of these jobs can take months or years to complete, which gives us added visibility into demand going forward. Another key bellwether is our customer survey. Our customers felt good about their business prospectus throughout the quarter. In fact, the August survey indicated the strongest optimism of the past nine months. And the September employment report was also encouraging, which show that jobs in the U.S. construction sector increased for the first time in months. While there is some evidence of headwinds such as a modest contraction in the architectural billing index in August, overall the market feels positive to us. So, it's a widely marketplace for us in the U.S. with the strong pipeline of new projects breaking ground. Geographically, we're seeing the most growth on the East and West coasts. On the West Coast, we have four major construction projects that will run through at least mid-year 2017. Another two sites are staring up this quarter. Solar power and automotive, our two key verticals in government spending in California remains robust. In the Mid-Atlantic, our business is trending up from the past two quarters with the healthy mix of projects. These include power and pharmaceutical plans, a casino, hospital, airport renovation and retail malls. Further south, a number of tourism projects are driving growth, and automotive plants are underway in South Carolina. The Southeast metro areas overall continue to represent large opportunities for both our gen rent and specialty operations. Now, I want to give a shout out to our employees in the Southeast who've been working long hours in disaster recovery mode following Hurricane Matthew. Our people are doing a stealer job of helping hard-hit communities in Northern Florida, Georgia and the Carolinas. And the restoration in these states could take years to complete. As to U.S. snapshot by contract, the Canadian economy is still a challenge compounded by the energy sector in Western provinces. Rental revenue from Canada in the quarter declined by approximately 10%, and fine line for us in this environment is to invest enough growth capital to serve our customers and grow our business without adding to the industry and balance of fleet. So, we're walking at that line really well in 2016, continued to use a balance strategy of deploying our CapEx in a very important manner while also relocating our existing fleet away from softer markets. The major beneficiary to our growth CapEx as we noted before is our specialty segment, in the third quarter especially had a strong showing. Rental revenue for this segment increased by more than 9% in the quarter versus 2015, within that segment revenue from Power & HVAC was up 17% and Trench Safety was up over 5%. The largest tailwind behind these two increases was same-store growth. We also had a 5% revenue growth in Pump where our strategy of end market diversification is paying off. And we seem to be a turning point and neutralizing to drag from upstream oil and gas. And finally, I want to give you an update on our digital strategy. Weve gone from zero to over a $1 million a month in online orders in just 12 weeks. So while this strategy is still very young, we've seen enough to know, it's got legs. Some of the business is coming from our existing customers, who want the digital convenience and summer from first-time customers though achieving both of our objectives of e-commerce, which are to increase the stickiness with our current based and to capture more customers to our new channel. So to recap the quarter, there were no surprises. The Company is solidly on track, and were continued to focus with the many leverage within our control. Demand is also on track based on what we saw in the quarter and what we hear from our customers, and we believe the cycle still has one way ahead. And our full year results should be nearly upper half of our prior guidance and a number of key metrics, and we expect our free cash flow to be more than a $1 billion this year. Now, we are mindful of the uncertainty that continues to be prevalent in the global economy, but I also want to remind you that we have considerable flexibility in operating our business to address any change in market dynamics. It gives us great deal of confidence in managing the business for strong full year performance we have reaffirmed today. So with that, Ill ask Bill to discuss the numbers and then well take your questions. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As usual, well step to the highlights in the quarter and then update our outlook to finish up. So lets start with rental revenue that was down $4 million year-over-year or 0.3. Within that $4 million, re-rent and ancillary revenues in the quarter were actually up $5 million over last year as was the volume component change in OEC on rent, which was a positive $26 million contribution from last year. The offsets to those were rental rates that down 1.7%, translates into about $19 million of year-over-year decline, and our replacement CapEx inflation which was worth about $18 million of year-over-year decline. The remainder was mix and other, which was a positive $2 million versus last year, so all of those net to the $4 million or 0.3 decline. Within that rental revenue result, the Canadian currency impact this quarter was fairly minimal. The currency was basically unchanged from last year and so had no significant effect on the overall rental revenue performance. But if you look at the effect of the entirety of our Canadian operations, it's still represented a headwind. Excluding Canada, our U.S. revenue -- U.S. only revenue would have been up 0.8%, so a significant impact from Canada, and we can touch on that more in the Q&A if there are questions. Our used equipment sales results for the quarter was $112 million of used equipment revenue, that was down $29 million or just under 21% compared to last year. That decrease was primarily driven by the high level of used sales that we had last year as we were moving equipment in response to the oil and gas challenge that we saw last year. So, that decline in revenue, we think was mitigated somewhat by the fact that we used our retail channel more significantly this year. In fact, you can see it in the adjusted gross margin result. Adjusted gross margin this quarter was 46.4% and that was 2.4 percentage points better than last year, and certainly that benefitted from a much stronger use of the retail channel and much less use of auctions this year compare to last year. Moving quickly to adjusted EBITDA, the 747 million of adjusted EBITDA we reported was down $33 million versus last year, and that reflected the puts and takes that I talked about in the rental revenue description. In particular, rental rates cost us about $19 million versus last year, but volume offset $17 million of that headwind during the quarter. The inflation, however, costs us about $15 million compared to last year, and the used equipment result cost us another 12. Merit increases, we always call out worth about $6 million year-over-year headwind and then the mix and other was $2 million positive impact. So, those were the pieces of the $33 million year-over-year decline in adjusted EBITDA. Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter was 49.5%, that was down 80 basis points versus last year and again it reflects all the components that we talked about here previously. Just a quick update within that EBITDA performance was our lien contribution for the year. Updating that progress, we ended the quarter at an annualized run rate of $96 million contribution from our lien and other savings initiatives and that compares to the $81 million we reported at the end of the second quarter. So making nice progress and as you all know that we are targeting the 100 million run rate by the end of this year and we still feel very comfortable about achieving that 100 million target by the end of December. Our adjusted EPS $2.58 for the quarter was up a $0.01 versus last year and again it had de minimis impact from currency in the year and obviously reflected the impacts of the operational results that we talk about, as well as the benefit of the share repurchase that I'll touch on a little bit later. Free cash flow during the quarter -- year-to-date period, free cash flow was $846 million and that was better by almost $340 million compared to last year. The primary drivers were lower rental CapEx spending that was worth about $280 million compared to last year, right for the year-to-date period. We also had a lower cash taxes roughly 41 million and the timing of working capital was a benefit versus last year roughly $110 million. Those were the positives and they offset on a year-over-year basis to decline in adjusted EBITDA that we seen year-to-date. Our net debt finish the quarter at $7.7 billion and that was down roughly $640 million, compared to where it was in September of last year. Now, a good portion of that change is timing, so dont extrapolate to the year-end. But were still going to finish with very, very significant reduction in our overall net debt position, and I think that speaks to the cash flow benefits that weve been experiencing as well. On the CapEx front, our gross rental CapEx in the quarter was $423 million that was up from last year about $15 million, and it brought our full year year-to-date CapEx spend to a 1.145 billion, on our way to that 1.2 billion to 1.250 billion range that we updated in our outlook, which again Ill touch on again in a minute. Net rental CapEx for the quarter was $311 million, that's up from last year and primarily reflected the difference in used equipment sales, as well as some timing effects. When you put it all together, our ROIC performance in the quarter was down 70 basis points to 8.3% in the quarter, obviously reflecting the impact of the operating measures particularly rate as we discussed previously. On liquidity, we finish the quarter with just under 1.1 billion of total liquidity, and that includes about 720 million or so of ABL capacity available to us, as well as just under $300 million worth of cash on the balance sheet. The capital structure just briefly, you all recall that during the second quarter, we had some redemption. We completed those actions during the course of the third quarter by redeeming the remaining $200 million of our 7.375 note. We funded that redemption in Q3 by a draw on the ABL. So when you put all the actions on the capital structure together for the year, were at a annualize savings of about $30 million of interest for the future periods. So quick update on the share repurchase program, we brought $152 million worth of shares during the course of Q3 that brings our year-to-date total for sharing purchase to $476 million. If you extent the look back to the beginning of this current authorization, the billion dollar authorization, weve now spent $587 million of that billion dollar of authorization that we have. Our plan for the remainder of this year to continue on the pace that weve been, weve been talking about a pace of spend of roughly 150, 160 a quarter, and we plan to continue on that pace in Q4. We have the flexibility to be able to execute the share repurchase. Just an update on the covenant and cash position, we finish the quarter with about $560 million worth of capacity for share repurchases under our restricted payments limitation plus the cash on the balance sheet. Let we finish out with an update to our outlook for the full year and quick comment on October. The outlook you've seen in the press release, but just to hit a couple of key points, weve narrowed the range of most of our outlook measures in order to reflect the fact that we've got 9 of the 12 months already in the books. And so our rental revenue is now within the $100 million range between 5.650 billion -- total revenue is within the range of 5.650 billion to 5.750 billion. EBITDA, we narrowed to a $50 million range with the bottom of the range at 2.7 billion going up to 2.75 billion. And you've all seen the rental rate guidance we narrowed that to 2.1% to 2.3% declines for the full year. I mentioned and Michael mentioned, our CapEx plan right now, we're calling in a range of 1.2 billion to 1.25 billion with any incremental spend being targeted at specific projects that we've been awarded and are need to spend in order to support those customer needs. And finally, we mentioned that our improved outlook for free cash flow takes us to at least $1 billion; call it $1 billion to $1.1 billion of free cash flow over the course of the full year. Regards to October, our rates performance so far in October is trending toward a flat to slightly down result for the full months of October on a sequential month basis. And if you look at where we are on time utilization for the month of October, month-to-date, our average is up about 80 basis points over where it was last year. And if you look at it just on a one day snapshot as of today we are actually up a 100 basis points over where we were on the comparable day last year. So that supports the trend in improvement in utilization that we would need in order to deliver the time utilization outlook that we have for the full year. That full year outlook is approximately 67.8%, and we would need something like 80 basis points each month or remainder of the year in order to hit that new time utilization guidance. So, those are the key points that I wanted to make. I'll stop there, and ask the operator to open up the call here for questions-and-answers. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer from Barclays. Your question please.
Robert Wertheimer: Pretty straight forward, so thanks for that. I actually have just kind of more general question. As you see your national competitors expand and then well I just had a sort of five-year plan, that was put out, I mean as they come into market or expanded markets for you, are you seeing most of the shared come out from the smaller, less formal competitors in the world. Are we seeing a steady, the big people in the industry steadily winning out of the smaller ones or do you see a big depth in each market as I do? I'm just little bit curious, if the expansion is accelerated in the consolidation of the industry. Thanks.
Matthew Flannery: So, Robert, this is Matt. I think everybody is running their playbook and we are aware that we have one national competitor that's still got some growth ahead of them from a filling out their footprint. But at the small de minimis market share that they are at, I'm not sure that drives the changes in the market place as much as the other 70% that we dont have visibility to, for the 25 years in this business that I've been in any market I participated in has somebody trying to get some shift, for various different reasons. So, this is part of being the rental business, you are going to need to sometimes protect share, sometimes gain share. I'll tell you that where we are focused on in making sure we are not just chasing the last dollar of revenue, but profitability remains our focus regardless of what anybody else is doing in. And just to put context, when you think about all the local regional and maybe some semi-national competitors, its a competitive market, but there is a lot of demand. And we feel that the absorption is better off today than it was six months ago of the fleet in the industry, and were encourage by that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Nicole DeBlase: So my first question is around oil and gas. I was hoping maybe you could talk a little bit about what you saw during the quarter with respect to the different verticals, so like upstream, midstream and downstream, and is there anything notably improving at all given what we've seen with the oil price so far?
Matthew Flannery: Nicole, this is Matt. I wouldnt say that there has been much improvement in the upstream. There has been some noise about the rig count being slightly up over a much lower base, and we even have put out what we call few frac packs, but really a small amount compared to historically what we used to out to those basis. The good news is, we do feel its bottomed out. And so, we dont know, were not counting on much of an uptick in upstream right now, but we are positioned in the case, there is one. I think the surprising element that not everybody on the call may recognize is that refining is still pretty robust end market for us. We're up almost 10% in refining on a year-over-year basis. So, not all oil and gas is a challenge for us, just really the upstream. And were encourage by that, and we think this fourth quarter there will be even more activity, a lot of turnaround activity that our customers are speaking of, so we feel pretty good about that sector.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks Matt, thats helpful. And then kind of on a similar topic, if we could talk a little bit about Canada, you guys provided a little bit of color and opening remarks. But have you seen any signs of stabilization in Canada or trends still deteriorating?
Matthew Flannery: I would say similarly that Canada, the good news is that they bottomed out. The difference is, we still have some -- I think we still have some more year-over-year headwinds in Canada than we do just strictly in upstream. But the team up there is actually fought pretty well to even getting some sequential positives in the last couple of months; just a year-over-year headwind is still significant. Our rent revenue for the quarter was down 10.7%. But most of that was rate that was a 5.3% rate decrease. But their volume there, what we see on rent only down 4% and thats after we pulled over 8% fleet out of there. So, we feel, weve right-sized our business from a fleet headcount and footprint perspective without damaging our ability to participate in whenever they get some tailwinds at their back. So, theyve done a good job mitigating that 10% through the P&L without weakening our position. Hopefully, next year, they get some tailwinds.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC. Your question please.
Seth Weber: So, I want to ask about the large contract wins that you called out in the press release. I mean, can you give us any color on what that involves? Were those conquest wins from other rental companies or those projects that the companies had previously furnished equipment themselves internally? And can you maybe give us some idea the duration of this project to justify going out and buying new equipment at a time when utilization levels are okay, but theyre not rising? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. Let me just say that, it's always competitive about there. So regardless of when you say, are we taking this or away from somebody, it is a competitive marketplace. So it's very broad. We were very fortunate to be able to be - to take a multiyear contract that we need to make sure that we be able to meet the customer demand. As Matt mentioned earlier, we've been very good about looking at our fleet, managing our fleet, and if you remind everybody that we really didnt put any growth capital in our core business into all this year. So it has been by moving fleet around. We exhausted our resources in looking at what is needed, and by the way as we said, we would spend up to and that's still yet to be determined. But I thought it was prudent to make sure that we communicated that to everybody. If there is an opportunity for us to be able to reposition fleet at that time, to satisfy that, we'll do that. But right here in now and as Bill mentioned about what we're seeing in October on utilization is actually up year-to-date and on average for the month of October. So, the demand is there as Matt said earlier.
Matthew Flannery: Yes, I think Mike covered it well said. But I would say just the simply answer, it's a yes on that these are long-term projects. And the amount of fleet that we need to fund for one specific plant award, and then a couple of large projects that match with Mike referred to in his opening comments, including some nice infrastructure projects. This represents a very small single digit percentage of what would be needed on the life for that project, so we'll be able to take existing capacity to put on this project. But if we dont feel these immediate needs that we dont have available right now, we dont get to participate in the other 90% plus of this project. So, these projects will mostly be served by the $9 billion of fleet that we are already on.
William Plummer: And just to emphasize, I know you know this, but to emphasize, even if we spend the incremental 50, the cash flow for the year still in that 1 billion to 1.1 billion range. So, it includes the possibility of spending that incremental 50.
Seth Weber: Sure. I appreciate that's helpful. Thanks, Bill. And then just a quick follow-up on the lean initiatives, it sounds like you said you are very close to kind of hitting your target for this year, for exiting the year. So, should we expect to hear new initiatives at the Analyst Meeting, additional efficiency or cost measures that you are talking about for 2017?
William Plummer: Yes, we're still deciding exactly how we are going to approach that Investor Day, but I think it's fair to say that we will be talking about initiatives that we think will have positive impact in our financial performance, over the next couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please.
David Raso: When I think about where your better visibility lies, I would I think would be national accounts and maybe large projects. So, if you can keep your answer to those accounts, those projects, what are you seeing and when you reprise national accounts on pricing? And then also how you think about looking into the first half of 2017, is the utilization still growing on those accounts in first half 2017 versus first half 2016? Obviously, I'm trying to think about the fourth quarter, you feel pretty good about utilization growing. I think you said about 80 bps. Rates obviously seasonally were down November, December, but in general rates were still a little bit of struggle sequentially as we saw in August and September. So, not the short-term business where you really have visibility, are you re-pricing national accounts at a higher or lower levels and what kind of visibility do you have on the utilization into next year?
Matthew Flannery: So, David, this is Matt. I would say on national account pricing, what were experienced on a year-over-year perspective from national accounts does not differ much from what we see in our overall business. Now, admittedly, they are all coming off different baselines. So you could imagine that national accounts are going to leverage that spend. But thats already built into the baseline, so were not seeing a tremendous amount of difference between our overall business rate performance and national account. What we are seeing and its a big part of our focus strategically is that our national account growth in Q2 was higher than what are overall growth was as a company. So to your point, there is greater visibility into it. Its already such a big part of our business, and we still have such an established baseline. But I dont think, there is a lot of headwind to a tailwind by customer segment because they're pretty well established. But the growth and the demand is still there in that space and that remains key focus. And they do most of the large projects, so they kind to go hand and hand when your question was about project and national accounts.
David Raso: And thats what Im trying to figure, and we all can have our own view on the shorter term rentals swing on how we view activity for next year. At least the start the year still sounds like more of a lean on utilization growth, and the rate for now we could all assume what we want. But it does seem like the rate is necessarily growing on these new accounts, its more about utilization and then make your own call about the shorter term projects?
Matthew Flannery: I would necessary say because remember embedded in that national account pricing experience is the largest headwind that we have. Most of our oil and gas business was national account business. So that national account to similar to the Company average had to absorb almost all of the oil and gas experience, which is negative on the year-over-year perspective. So, I wouldnt necessary characterize it that way. The truth is, we'll find out in the future. But as we sit here today and where our business is today, I wouldnt say that. I would actually say, theyve absorbed more pain overall in that business.
David Raso: So when we start re-pricing those contracts and that will be an interesting thing to delve into. When do those contracts come up? I know youre generalizing a lot of different accounts, but when, I mean, want to be positive and say, hey, oil is a little bit higher today and is that a different tenor in the conversation about what you could charge? When do those conversations start-up?
Matthew Flannery: So the 25% on net of fixed-price all had different expiration dates. And most of them are multiple years, so its not really a clean answer for you. I would say that, its throughout the year. As far as the projects, they will price accordingly. And it really depends more on what market projects are in as far as the price volatility and who is more capable of supplying of the assets that are needed. And we feeling on some of the ones that we recently won, were very well position. And well continue to focus on where were very well positioned versus chasing down somewhere where we may not have it as much a competitive advantage, and thats part of our focus on profitable growth versus just revenue for the sake of revenue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray.
George Tong: You're at the point in the rental season where a lot of re-change co-insides with the equipment coming off rent, which implies less control over rate compared to the beginning of the cycle. In line of this, what factors help give you confidence that rates will come in at the higher end of your prior guidance?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. And I'll ask Matt and Bill also to chime in. But as you heard from Bill that currently our utilization is up nicely on a year-over-year for the months, so that continues. You also heard that our rates are flat to slightly down. I think the industry overall is being more responsible in the way in which they are managing it. The imbalance is continuing to get better and better, so I give the industry a lot of credit for being responsible. So that would be part of it. There is going to be a necessity for the industry as a total to try to achieve higher pricing, or drive better efficiencies, or manage their business much more efficiently. So that to me gives me confidence as I see that those trends play out as we've seen it over the course of the year. And Matt or Bill, you want to add anything more to that?
William Plummer: I'd say in addition to that, the math gets me confidence right. I mean we've now experienced 9 to 12 of the year, right. The remaining three months are going to be -- will make it pretty hard to move that full year rate down significantly. Just to give you a specific set of numbers, in order to get to that 2.1 decline in rental rates for the full year. October, November, December would all have to be down two times each. It's not a ridiculous notion, but in order to get for the down 2.3 scenario for the full year each of those months would have to be down 0.6 sequentially. I think it's highly unlikely that we are going to do that and certainly even more unlikely that, it will be worse than that. So I just look at the raw mathematics that what it would take in order to come outside of the range of the rates that we've given, that 2.1 to 2.3 seems pretty well assured and it's not ridiculous to think that could we see minus 0.2 each month for the remainder of the year. And it's not completely ridiculous even if we didnt see minus 0.2, if we saw something worse than like November, December. We're still going to end up in a pretty decent place within that 2.1 to 2.3 decline range. One other point just to preempt answer that, we may get from someone. Our carryover for next year, if we hit the 2.1 scenario would be positive 0.1 for the full year. Right so, if we finish the year October, November, December down 0.2 each months sequentially that gives us the full year 2.1 decline, and our carryover would go into the next year would actually be slightly positive. On the flipside just to be fair, if we finish with the down 2.3 scenario, our carryover next year would be minus 0.9%. Not an incredible headwind to overcome in order to get the positive rate, but certainly in the current environment that would be a tougher starting point, but still one that doesnt make 2017 a complete wash. So that math is what gives me confidence George in saying that we are going to be in that 2.1 to 2.3 range that we gave
George Tong: Very helpful. Thank you, Mike and Bill. Just housekeeping question around the guidance. Free cash flow guidance is increasing by about 100 million but EBITDA going up by 50 million. Can you talk about where that bridge is coming from in terms of cash flow?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. To be clear the EBITDA guidance range, the bottom of that range end up, it went up by 50 million. So I dont know its exactly accurate to say EBITDA guidance went up 50 million. But try to be a little bit more helpful of the 100 million or so increase in our free cash flow guidance, the bulk of it was driven by of refine in our view of working capital uses during the course of the year and a reduction in our view about how much non-rental CapEx were going to spent over the course of the year. That working capital, there is a contribution from accounts receivable and the contribution from timing of payables and the non-rental CapEx was just a refinement in our view about what is that were going to spend in the way of leasehold improvements and non-rental assets like delivery trucks and service trucks. So working capital and non-rental CapEx were the primary drivers of that improvement.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mili Pothiwala from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Mili Pothiwala: Thanks. My question is on M&A. So, youve been pretty clear about your priorities here and your preference for specialty. But I guess as you look at the industry, do you see scope for further consolidation in this end market environment i.e., could this be away for some of your larger competitors to gain share?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. M&A has always been part of our overview and strategy. It really comes down to timing. It comes down to price. It comes down to two individuals coming together and agreeing. But yes, we think consolidation will continue to play out overtime within our industry. Timing is always one where you dont always hit to pick and choose your time, but we have, were very, I would say very discipline in our approach of how we go about it. So, there is a lot of things that we look at and were pretty stringent as to the hurdles that we have to go forward. So, I'd say it will continue. There will be further consolidation in our industry overtime.
Mili Pothiwala: I guess how would you rate the pipeline right now just kind of trying to hone in on how people are thinking about M&A in the context of the current and market environment? Is there have you noticed any shifts recently?
Michael Kneeland: I wouldnt say shift. Our pipeline is always been full. Our business development teams have been very active creating a lot of communication relationships across the broad spectrum. But our pipeline is there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
Nick Coppola: Bill, In your opening comments, you talk a bit about the cycle, but one if you could add any additional color there relate to customers were positive. It sounds like, what conversation looks like with customers and what is your visibility at this point?
William Plummer: Well, I think I articulated in my opening comments and we talked about the Dodge starts and talk about Dodge momentum. To look at, it's been up five for the last six months through the strongest result for us since late 2012 early 2013. The backlog, I think, is another way of looking at it. The backlog is a new peak at 14.1 months on the backlog versus 12.2, and those are the things that we look at that sees the visibility that goes forward. And by the way, we talked about Canada earlier -- even in Canada building permits were up non-res sequentially up 12%. So, we do see a lot of activity that is on horizon. Our customers overall as I mentioned in our opening comments are optimistic. They're seeing the same thing in the build-up of their backlogs.
Nick Coppola: And then just wanted to ask on Hurricane Matthew as well, how do you expect that impact your business in Q4 and then in the following quarter?
William Plummer: For those you to know me weather has not been one that won't be always hung our hat on. But unfortunately, there was a lot of devastation as I mentioned in Northern Florida, Georgia and the Carolina's. And our people have been there, it's not material for us simply because of our size. We're across all of the U.S. and Canada, and even if you look at what happen in during the Sandy Storm, it wasnt the material impact. It will take years to recover as they rebuild will say will do, and that will play out overtime.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question please.
Joe O'Dea: First question is just on, on used equivalent pricing. i think when we look at the reported adjusted margin in the quarter, it was down a little bit sequentially and so maybe to talk about in any channel or next considerations there, but then more broadly just what's you are seeing on more apples-to-apples basis sequentially and how you feel about where things are trending in used equipment prices?
William Plummer: Hey, Joe, it's Bill. Dont think about it sequentially that all has the data from Q2 right here to give you a number I'd certainly on a year-over-year basis talked about the adjusted margin experience being up. If you look at the pricing underneath that margin experience on a year-over-year basis it's certainly down a little bit from last year let's call it 3% on a comparable unit basis maybe it touch 3% to 4% let's say on a year-over-year basis right. So we have been seeing some pricing pressure just on a raw basis year-over-year and that's been the case for a number of months. I think it's encouraging now that we can still move the equipments through the channels that are most attractive and still keep the margins at a pretty attractive level. If you look at pricing relative to the original equipment cost of the fleet that we sold in Q3, I do have that compare to Q2. It wasnt a significant change right on a sequential basis, price as a percent of OEC, that didnt change significantly Q2 to Q3. So that might give you a little bit of an indicator of those sequential experience that we had in the fleet. That helped
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Yes, thats helpful. Sounds like stabilization sequentially, if you put it in those terms. And then just when we think about the outline youve given on 2017 CapEx, 1.2 to 1.6 and I think you talked about how there been no firm decisions there, but could you talk about the planning process, and if where you are in that, when that really hits up. I think some of the tone of your comments today and feeling a little bit more positive about things, it suggests that we see some improvement year-over-year in that but how do you think about that when you will have a firm decision on it and where you are in the planning process?
William Plummer: So, I characterize this as being midstream in the planning process. As we said right here and now were targeting a presentation of our plan to the Board in December, at least a preliminary presentation and so weve got to be finish by then. Right here now as we think about next year. We havent put us take in the ground, but our view will certainly be impacted by our view of how well the cycle is developing. And also impacted by our view of how well were going to perform and continuing to win major projects and when just general business, go forward. Were looking at initiatives that theyre going to have impact in 2017 some of which we will talk about at our Investor Day in December. And those initiatives the overall cycle and how effective we expected to be are going to determine the end number. What I would say about the range is the range still live of that 2 billion to 6 billion. Yes, at this point, we could end up anywhere in that range. But keep in mind that if we are going to spend more going forward and were spending right here now. We decided that we want to have a very clear view of where that spend is gone and how its going to contribute to improving our performance as a company before we decide to spend that incremental amount, so more to come as we get closer to the end of the process and into January.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Good morning. I just, I have to ask the digital platform sounds pretty exciting and if you guys could rehash the quantification of the run rate now. What do you think longer term back and get up to I feel that could be a very significant percent of the mix and have you given any thought to SG&A savings on that yet? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: So Scott, this is Mike Ill start and then please Matt or Bill. Look, we think that as I pointed out in my opening comments, were offering way and which our customers can easy to use place our own orders, manage their own business. And this is just a follow on from what weve heard from customer overtime. I also believe which were very happy to see that about half of that revenue is from new customers. So as we continue to increase the experience for our customers. We think that what we can grab more. Where it goes, I think thats yet to be determine. But the good thing is, we're on the front curve of that, and there are customers out there who want the simplicity, who want to be able to control, who want to be able to do those orders by themselves. And we want to make sure that experience is there for both of them. Importantly, for us, it's also the stickiness with our current customer base, and so to me, the adding into the new customers is just frosting on the cake. So Matt, Bill?
Matthew Flannery: No, I agree with Mike. The customer service aspect of it is primary, and I would say more than an SG&A play, this is more of the broadening your reach play just getting to more customers more new customers then you can get to just knocking on doors and calling on the upsides. And this is just moving into the future, and it's been received very well early days, and we're encourage by that, and hopefully this will open ups the new channels and broaden our reach.
William Plummer: Yes, I agree with that. We have not put an SG&A save number to this initiative as of yet, Scott and that's primarily because A; it's very early days. And B; it wasnt done for SG&A phase, right. It was done to satisfy those customer needs. As this scales and as we start to have a more visibility to the impact than it might have on SG&A, we'll attack the numbers as appropriate go forward. But we havent done that as of yet because that's not where we're focused on this initiative.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you, Bill. Could you discussed these potential ranges for EBITDA flow through in coming years unless you say based on a flat or rental revenue growth environment, obviously as you mentioned a few questions ago it looks like you are heading into that upcoming year?
William Plummer: Yes, the EBITDA flow through we've talked historically about sort of in that 60% area. I think that's still a reasonable range to think about as you have growth sort of significantly different than zero, right. If you are around zero growth, the flow through calculation gets very sensitive and that's quite obviously why we havent talked about flow through extensively over the last few quarters. This quarter it was 76% or something like that, but obviously one EBITDA flows could it be lower when you are declining in revenue rather than higher so if that sensitivity of the calculation around zero growth that makes it hard to say much about the usefulness of flow through as a measure when you are around flat. Our plan for next year is to identify opportunities to drive growth. If we drive material growth next year, and I'll think it's ridiculous to think about 60% as a flow through that you could start your modeling with.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich: Can you folks talk about the cadence of mix as we head into the fourth quarter and early part of 2017, you got to believe a fleet mix benefit that you called out in the EBITDA bridge, and I'm just wondering as we overlay our pricing assumptions anything we should keep in mind as you folks continue the specialty products, should we look for a mixed tailwind, to help offset whatever fleet inflation we dial in to our numbers for next year?
William Plummer: Tough one Jerry, and there is so many things going on in that mix line, that it's hard to give you much guidance on how to model it going forward. Weve got the growth in specialty. Weve got the Canadian versus U.S. mix effect. Weve got care class mix and so forth, the mix of day, week and month. So Im going to dig off of giving you much guidance there because its just still so complex. And just ask you to be patient with this as we play out the next several quarters, and ask you to earn your money and forecast to make on your own.
Jerry Revich: I appreciate that. And in terms of whether you folks or obviously that ones to look at whether, but other companies are so what weve heard is third quarter projects effectively got delayed from whether chance of the Midwest. Is that whats driving some of the pick-up in the acceleration business on year-over-year basis that youre seeing in October. So whether better projects are starting to get done, is that playing into what youre saying in the fourth quarter, what the stronger pick-up in utilization compared to normal seasonality?
William Plummer: No Jerry, I wouldnt really see thats been a major factor have been delays on some jobs, but I wouldnt delays whether, I delayed some supply chain and maybe other issues. But the good news is the demand is strong and its carried well into October here which is good for us. And just to add, I know the mix answer your more mathematically, but I would say its a good opportunity to remind everybody effect strategically were still very committed to growing high return project specialty and cross-selling those projects not only for revenue reasons, but also for service reasons to our customers. The more solutions we can provide for them, we just feel that makes us a better partner for them, Ill take that mix opportunity to promote that strategic view.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session in todays program. Id like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And listen everybody; I hope you please feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, Head of our IR here in Stamford at any time to answer any additional questions, to see any of our sites, to get any kind of a tour. I hope you will listen and/or attend our Analyst Day in December 1st as well. So look forward to seeing you all there. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC Mili Pothiwala - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) David Raso - Evercore Group LLC Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's earning release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation in today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Please refer to the back of the company's earnings release and Investor Presentation, to see the reconciliation from each non-GAAP financial measure to the most comparable GAAP financial measure. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. My. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I'll begin my comments with our second quarter performance because it's a good reflection of our current operating environment. The market conditions are in our favor especially in the United States and I'll talk about some of the initiatives we have underway to capitalize on the growth in demand. And then Bill will cover our results in detail and then, we'll spend the rest of the call on Q&A. So, I'll start with some of the highlights from our results. While total revenue was close to flat year-over-year, our earnings were up. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.06 per diluted share compared to $1.95 a year ago. We generated $679 million of adjusted EBITDA at a margin of 47.8%. And, it was another strong quarter for free cash flow. Now, looking at the underlying metrics, time utilization increased 90 basis points year-over-year to 67.5%, which was good, but a little softer than we expected. And, we drove a 3% increase in volume, and which was partially offset by 2.4% decrease in rental rates. It was a solid second quarter performance and it shows that we were taking a balanced approach to managing the business. I want to spend a few minutes on rates, because I know it's a point of interest. Our second quarter rates were better than anticipated. We still expect full year rate erosion, but we now believe it may not be as deep as 4%, but more likely scenario is in the 2% to 3% range. It's always difficult to forecast rate. So, it's gratifying that we drove sequential rate improvements of 0.5-point or better in both May and in June. In fact, May was our first sequential increase in 16 months. This comes from intense focus on rates, coupled with a deep dive into the data. We're analyzing transactions that fall outside of our rate criteria, and we've had some success in turning that around. Furthermore, the improvement was widespread. In June, for example, all of our regions took rates higher from May. Now, I remind you of something I've said many times. Rates, utilization, volume and CapEx need to work together to generate returns. And when rates go up, utilization can be impacted and vice-versa. There's always a give-and-take between the metrics. And we also said recently that we felt we could do better on rates, and in the second quarter, we did. Now, turning to our operating conditions, from what we see in here, the cycle is intact. We made that statement on our last call and we believe it still holds true. Conditions remain challenging in Canada, but activity is strong in many areas of our core U.S. markets. We believe the demand that we're seeing goes beyond seasonality, and that shows that we're still in up-cycle, with an added benefit with secular penetration. Regionally, customer activity is robust on both the East Coast and West Coast. The Northeast has a large number of multiyear construction projects underway. Massachusetts is a good example, we're on two casino projects and a railcar facility. And work began in the second quarter and should ramp up in the coming months. In our Southeast region, rental revenue was up 12%, led by South Carolina and Florida. These two states have increases of over 20%. On the West Coast, commercial activity is stable to up in nearly every market. The technology and entertainment sectors are driving the bulk of the commercial activity right now, and infrastructure spending is strong. And nationally, our customer surveys show that optimism is still on the rise. A number of key market indicators line up with our position. These include the ABI, which is at 52.6 in June, followed by another strong showing in May. The ABI has now been above 50 for five straight months and non-residential construction was up more than 7% year-over-year through May. Private non-res, which is our largest end-market, was up 9.2% and contractors are reporting sizable backlogs of project work, and in some case is stretching out more than a year. The bigger backlogs are with larger contractors where we have a competitive advantage. Specialty rentals continue to be another factor in our favor. In the second quarter, our rental revenue from specialty segment was up 8.4% in total. And within that, our Power & HVAC business was up 15.7% and our Trench business was up 14.9%. The Power and Trench increases were almost entirely due to same-store growth. Another one of our specialty operations, pump solutions, was down 5% due to the headwinds from upstream oil and gas. Excluding that sector, rental revenue from our pump was up 21%. So, we're having good success at cross-selling our pump fleet to our current existing customer base with our gen rent customers and those who use our other specialty surfaces that we offer. In the first six months of 2016, cross-selling revenue from pump increased by almost 14% over the prior year. Now of course, not everything is ideal, industrial production is lackluster. Several of our industrial markets have been challenged by weak commodity prices and the impact of the strong U.S dollar on exports. And the Rouse data that came out last week suggests that in the U.S. the supply of fleet in our industry is still growing faster than demand. Much of that imbalance is driven by heavy dirt equipment, which makes up a small percentage of our fleet. Nevertheless, we would obviously like to see the industry return to equilibrium. In our own business we're being very disciplined with CapEx management. For the first six months of 2016, we invested $722 million of gross rental CapEx compared to over $1 billion in 2015 for the same period. And we're making good on our promise at the start of the year and deploying our CapEx in a more measured pace. This gives us greater flexibility in the back half of the year. We're always mindful of the potential for macro volatility. The financial markets got a taste of that recently with the Brexit vote. The economy in Canada remains weak, and globally, there is a sense of economic uncertainty. We're not seeing any backlash in our markets from macro, but if it comes to that, we'd be well prepared to manage through it. The companies that navigate the macro best are the ones that can pivot quickly and we've shown that we're very good at that. In addition, our customer base is much more diversified than it was 10 years ago. We have a better balance between construction and industrial business, and a broader vertical strategy that limits our reliance on any one end-market. We've also diversified our specialty range and expanded these operations. This has accelerated our cross-selling, which leverages our broader base. And for the second quarter, rental revenue from cross-selling, companywide, was up 14%. I also want to mention an announcement that will be coming out in the next few days, about the expansion of our digital customer service platform. The launch of a true e-commerce capability will give us more ways to connect with customers and engage in new markets. Our system is the first in North America to fully automate the rental transaction process end-to-end, and the first to offer online ordering to all commercial renters and consumers. We're always looking at ways to walk-in our customers' shoes. And while many of our customers want a consultative approach, there are always customers who know exactly what to order and prefer to operate in a more digital manner. And we're excited to give those customers a more streamlined way to transaction with us. So, in conclusion, our second quarter performance is an accurate representation of where we believe we are in the cycle, with significant amount of runway ahead. We have many levers inherent in our business model, we fine tune our operations every day using CapEx, redeployment of assets, vertical strategies, cross-selling and used equipment sales, and we'll continue to do that at every operating environment. And as we move through 2016, we're using the inflow data to inform the balance of the year, and that's why you saw some minor adjustments to our guidance last night. We want to be as accurate as possible in our communications with the investment community, and we believe our business is properly calibrated for the current market opportunity. And we see that opportunity expanding, and we're continuing the growth in our end market demand. So with that, I'll hand it over to Bill. And so Bill can discuss the second quarter results. Over to you, Bill.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As always, I'll add a little color on the numbers for the quarter and update our outlook toward the end. We'll start with rental revenue, $1.204 billion of rental revenue in the quarter, that's down $17 million, or 1.3% compared to last year. The components of that really are driven by the owned-equipment revenue items, re-rent and ancillary, net essentially to zero on a year-over-year change basis. And within OER, the volume impact was the big positive. The 3% volume increase netted $33 million of year-over-year revenue benefit. That was offset by the 2.4% decline in rental rates, which was worth about $26 million of year-over-year rental rate  or revenue decline. Our CapEx inflation number was about $20 million of headwind this quarter, and then we had $4 million headwind from mix and other, and it's a net of a variety of different items. So, those are the key components of that $17 million year-over-year decline. Mixed in with all of that was the result of our change in the Canadian dollar. The currency impact in the quarter was about $5 million of headwind versus last year from currency strictly. Moving briefly to used equipment sales, $134 million of used equipment sales in the quarter was $10 million better than last year, and the adjusted gross margin in the quarter was 47.8%, that was down slightly versus last year and it primarily reflected slightly lower pricing for used equipment in the market overall, as well as a slightly greater mix of lower margin channels in the quarter, in particular, somewhat more through the vendor channel than the same quarter last year. Those are the key revenue items I wanted to mention, moving to profitability, starting with adjusted EBITDA. You saw $679 million for the quarter that was down $27 million versus last year. The margin in the quarter of 47.8% was also down 1.6 percentage points in margin and the key components were as follows. So, for the $27 million year-over-year decline, $25 million was the impact of rental rates that 2.4% rental rate impact clearly has a significant change on a year-over-year basis. Volume though, offset $21 million of that $25 million rate decline. Fleet inflation cost is about $12 million and our used equipment sales contributed an incremental $2 million positive over last year. We have a usual merit increase impact, it was about $6 million of decline this year, and then the net of mix and all the other factors was a headwind of about $7 million, that included a little bit of negative adjustment for incentive comp, negative in the sense that it was a greater expense this year than last year, reflecting a little bit higher accrual balance for the incentive programs. Had a little bit of a year-over-year headwind from an insurance accrual adjustment, but that was offset significantly by bad debt improvement over last year. So, those are the key components within that $7 million negative from mix and all other. Moving to adjusted EPS, you saw $2.06 for the quarter, that was $0.11 better than last year and it reflects all the factors that we talked up above, including a net impact of about $0.02 negative from the Canadian dollar. Our free cash flow, you saw that we delivered $792 million of free cash flow for the year-to-date through June 30, that's about $360 million better than last year. The primary drivers really were the lower spending on CapEx, lower spending and timing of CapEx spend, was worth about $300 million of that year-over-year change, and the rest was driven by lower interest expense and timing on working capital and the year-over-year difference in operating cash flow. Our rental growth CapEx, you saw that $722 million rental growth CapEx spend in the quarter, that was again consistent with guidance that we've given about how we want to approach rental CapEx this year, it's down from a comparable period last year, and it does build a net flexibility that Mike mentioned for our ability to spend in the back half of the year. The net rental CapEx for the year was $488 million and that compared to $569 million last year. ROIC in the quarter of 8.5% was down 50 basis points, and again reflects the impact of all the factors that we talked to so far. Moving quickly to liquidity and capital structure, we finished the quarter with just over $1.3 billion of total liquidity that includes $1 billion of ABL capacity, that's available to us, and $265 million of cash available on the balance sheet. We had a lot of activity on the capital structure and, in particular, on debt redemptions in the quarter. In May, we closed the redemption of our 7.375% and 8.25% notes, as well as closed the new debt issue that we used to finance them. And then you saw that we announced that we will redeem the remaining balance of the 7.375% notes, the $200 million that remains outstanding in August that is when that will close. If you aggregate the impact of all those redemption actions so far this year, we expect that we'll be at an annualized run rate save on interest expense of about $30 million. So, some significant improvements of all of those redemption actions. We also took action to extend our ABL in the quarter, so that now we have that ABL maturing in 2021, and that is the first significant debt item that we have. Our debt maturities are very clear up until that point. Just a quick update on the share repurchase program. We bought a total of $171 million worth of shares in the quarter, and that brought our year-to-date purchases to $324 million. And in fact, it brought the program to-date purchases on this $1 billion authorization to $435 million since we started it late last year. So, we're on the pace to continue to deliver share repurchases as we talked about recently, we're spending on a pace of about $670 million or so for this year, and we will continue to execute that on a fairly steady pace. Regarding the limitations on restricted payments, that are inherent in some of our debt. We are still in very good shape there with about $560 million of available capacity when you add both the baskets of restricted payments limitations from the debt and the cash capacity that's available at the parent URI. So, well positioned to be able to continue the share repurchase program. Couple of points on our outlook for the remainder of the year, you saw that we did not change our revenue and adjusted EBITDA ranges for the year, neither did we change our expectations for free cash flow or CapEx spend. On CapEx, I'll just note that we did put in a range around the $1.2 billion of CapEx that we're talking about, that was really done in response to the SEC's guidance to companies that they should be reconciling any non-GAAP financial forecast that they make to the nearest GAAP indicator, the nearest GAAP indicator for free cash flow is cash from operations, and when we try to reconcile to the range that we put around free cash flow, we decided that, we needed to put a range on CapEx. But it doesn't reflect any change in our thinking about spending on CapEx this year, we're still targeting the $1.2 billion that we had in our previous guidance. The two changes to our guidance revolve around rate and time utilization. You saw that we raised our rate range expected for the full year to down 2% to down 3%, that's up from the down 3% to down 4% that we had previously. At the same time, we lowered slightly our expectation for time utilization; we're now calling that at approximately 68% for the year, which would be about a 70 basis point improvement over last year. And really, we raised the rate and adjusted the time to reflect the experience that we had in second quarter and the approach that we're taking in managing those metrics and others for the remainder of the year. So, those are the key points of our outlook as they stand today. I know that the first question we get probably would be how is July going so far and that in finishing out the full year guidance that we're talking about, so just a couple of key points there. On rate, July has started out at a trend that looks like it will bring us at around flat sequentially for the month, compared to June and time utilization is up, and in fact, it's up a little bit more than what we experienced in June. So, it looks like it's up about 70 basis points, that's where we are today and that's a reasonable estimate for where we might end up for the year. So, those are the key points on July, and again, the key points of our guidance for the remainder of this year. One last point, regarding guidance in future periods, we've had a lot of discussion inside the company about what are the proper elements of guidance for us to put forth that will help us have as useful a conversation with all of you as investors as we can. And we've seen over the last several quarters, the challenge that we have in forecasting individual items of guidance, whether it's rate or time utilization, those two items in particular, those are a challenge to PEG, as individual elements of guidance, why? Because, we manage the company in a way that manages those two elements together. So, in order to get us more focused on how we approach managing the company, we've decided that we are going to eliminate providing rate and time utilization guidance, starting at the beginning of 2017. We'll finish the year out with the guidance that I just outlined. And then, starting in the new year, we'll eliminate those two elements. We will continue to provide you the actual results for rate and time after each quarter is complete in our earnings calls. We'll also continue to provide financial guidance on revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow and our capital spend. We think this is the best way to go forward in order to have the kind of conversation that we think, gives you the best insight about how we're approaching managing the business, and allows us to manage the business in the way that optimizes everything that we're after. So, those are the key comments I wanted to make. I'll ask the operator now to open up the call for questions-and-answers.
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning, guys.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess starting out, Bill, could you address  you had cited before that you may see some modest rate growth in 2017, obviously an incremental improvement in May and June here, and then you just gave us 2017 which seems on path. I guess I'm looking for what you're thinking about the flow through into 2017 now, and if you could speak to if your trends monthly for rate are flat or up or down to the end of the year, how you would think about that 2017 context, please?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Sure, Scott. I'll start and certainly, Mike and Matt, please chime in. So, if you look at the range of rate guidance that we gave, if we were to deliver flat monthly sequentials for July through October, and then a normal kind of seasonal decline in November, December, that would put us to the minus 2% high end of our rate guidance. If all of that happened, then we would go into next year with a carryover of about flat for 2017. So that's the high end of the rate range guidance. At the low end, it would take sequential declines of about 0.6%, let's say, each month from July to October in order for us to come in at the down 3% end of our rate guidance. If that happened, again with a normal November, December, we'd have a carryover going into 2017 of about negative 1.5%. So that gives you the two ends of the spectrum as to how we could finish out this year and what it means for next year. Hopefully, that's responsive. If not, ask another question.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's great. Thanks for that. I'll just ask one more and then I'll turn it over. You cited internal initiatives and market environment as attributes to the improvement in rate in May and June. If you could elaborate on magnitude of each one, and then perhaps a little bit more on the internal initiatives? Thanks so much.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Scott. This is Matt. I would say the only reason we were able to achieve 90 bps of year-over-year time ut. and any sequential rate improvement, it all starts with demand. So we feel very good about the demand. So we give more credit to the opportunity that's out there and the customer demand for both of those. As far as what actions we took internally to drive May and June sequentially positive, it was really, as we look at those two levers of rate and time, we came out of Q1 with a rate performance that we didn't want to continue to absorb going forward and we had a little bit of headroom on time. So we were almost myopically focused on rate to achieve that, to the point where we even achieved sequential positive rates in markets that have really tough macros like Canada; that was in June. That was a lot of cutting the tail, so to speak, really getting rid of some of the anomalies, and just a very rigorous focus to reset the baseline of where our rates needed to be for us to continue to serve our customers in a profitable manner.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Scott, this is Mike. The only thing I would add to that is, we're using data and the live data that we've got it to a point now where we can communicate that to management much more simplistically and in a user format that they can help manage their markets better than what we had before. So it's a combination of both.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. I'll pass it over.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Joe.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning. Could you just comment on some of the volatility we've seen in the sequential trends? I think toward the end of April when you last reported, April was trending worse than what you actually experienced for the full month, and then we saw improvements in May and June, now July to show a little bit flattish. So maybe just kind of what you've seen over the course of those four months in terms of kind of what jumpstarted some of the improvement? And then in July, why maybe we've seen that taper when typically in a stronger demand environment we would continue to see month-over-month gains?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Joe. This is Matt. I think you have to first start with how sequential is measured, right. So it's the current month feeding off of the previous month. So by definition that great May, June performance raised the baseline to what you're being judged on in July. So what you saw was just the new contracts going out, as you think about it this way, were not greater than what you achieved in the previous month or the last contract that just came off rent. So there's a lot of inputs, and then you have to think about different geographies and different customer sets, and different products. So, I think to Bill's point about the ability and how difficult it is to forecast sequential rate on its own is proven out by the ebb and flow of what we've seen here in the first half of the year. It's a very, very dynamic metric. But as we manage the business day-to-day, as each manager out in the field is looking at it, you're balancing your decisions on rate and time and is that a profitable customer, not just on that individual transaction, but in the whole of our experience with that customer. So I would say it's just putting a little more emphasis on, as I answered in Scott's question, a little more emphasis on the rate than you normally would in a balanced environment to get the baseline back up to where it needed to be. And now we're going to make those business decisions based upon profitability and customer demand going forward.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is if there is an opportunity, we're going to take it. We're not shy. We've got the tools. We've got the management team that's myopically focused on it. So if there is an opportunity for us to take more, we're going to definitely reach for it.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just one more on with what we've seen at some of the Rouse supply-demand data recently, I think on the demand side, some of that's explained with heavy equipment trends and some weather effects. But when you think about it on the supply side, outside of your own decisions, is your general sense that the industry is behaving rationally with the supply growth that we continue to see. And then related to that, do you think that we have now fully moved beyond some of the equipment redeployment related to oil?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So there are several answers there. So in my estimation, I think we have moved beyond the oil and I think that has been fully absorbed. I think what we're seeing now out of the Rouse is net new acquisitions or net new fleet being added to the mix. It's not unusual because typically in the second quarter our industry has a tendency to fleet up that captures the balance of the year. The answer is going to lie in what does the balance of the year look like and the good part of it is there's reports now that are out there that we can have a better understanding of what is happening and make adjustments accordingly and we have done that; that's number one. Number two, I think by order of magnitude when you ask is everyone playing safe or playing right, I think that one of the things that I took away from the Rouse report, I believe, it was in May, the report actually saw where the supply was below the demand. The demand was higher. So that would tell me that their people are being good stewards in understanding of the industry trends. The question is does it continue? That's everyone's question.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Thank you.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question, please.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: So kind of a follow-up to that last question. It sounds like folks are being good stewards and growing fleet at a lower pace, but what are you seeing in terms of the competitive environment in terms of price? So certainly your focus on price has been a significant driver of sequential improvement here. What are you seeing in terms of competitive pressure as well?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Nick. This is Matt. I mean, it's been competitive. It's been competitive for the past 18 months. And I would say that to Mike's point about the Rouse data, that supply continuing to moderate should help ease some of that competitiveness because the demand is there. So that's the great news, if demand is there. I think the challenge that we have to focus on is when you are the big guy on the block, you have the requirement to be the leader. And we take that leadership position very seriously and there is always going to be in any given market somebody that wants what you have. That's nothing new. By the way that happened during the peak runs in the 2000s and it happened from 2010 to 2014, and we just need to make sure we keep a balanced approach to how we're going to defend the business we have as well as grow upon new end-markets and that's why you hear a lot of focus on our specialty business, on our value prop, and bundling all of our services and utilizing our footprint in a way that's unique advantage to us. So that's how we balance it, Nick, and that's how we'll continue to go on.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you just talk more about demand trends, particularly in Canada? What are you seeing there and are there potentially more fleet transfers that you can do? How are you working to mitigate any kind of weakness there?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So from a demand perspective, Canada is still very, very challenged. Now there's some provinces like if you look at the GTA, the Greater Toronto Area, we're actually up year-over-year. So there are some good spots, B.C. isn't bad in Western Canada. But if you can imagine the provinces that are resource reliant and commodity reliant markets, they're really hurting right now. As far as fleet movement, I think that we'd pretty much move the fleet out of Canada, if we need to. As we sit here today, our Canadian business is down over 11%, but that's only 3.1% on fleet on rent volume. It's almost 8% on rate. So we think we've got the fleet right-sized in Canada, and I think most of our competitors have done the right thing as well and gotten their footprints and their head count and their fleet rationalized to the current market conditions.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mili Pothiwala from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Mili Pothiwala - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. So, I guess, could you just provide sort of an update on how you're thinking about the non-resi environment? Obviously, you seem fairly positive on the near-term, but I guess more generally, how you're thinking about the cycle here, especially given some of the data points we've seen on the macro front have been more choppy recently? And then just as a follow-up, I guess, can you jut parse out which verticals are stronger, which ones are weaker, any end markets that got incrementally better or worse during the quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll try and take. This is Mike. I'll try and take a macro view, and then I'll let both Bill and Matt talk about and chime in as well as the verticals. But you're right, there's positive encouraging comments around construction, and there's also some negative and cautious variables out there. I mentioned the ABI, the Dodge Momentum Index is another one, non-res starts, contractor backlog, the ISM, PMI, our own customer survey, these trend towards the positive. On the other side, we mentioned the Rouse non-res construction put in place that slowed a bit. The other part would be the construction employment numbers that came down. The question we have to ask ourselves is how much that was due to projects related in and around the oil and also possibly some weather related. (37:31) keeps on coming down here in the U.S. So when we look at our backlogs and we talk to our customers, they are very optimistic in looking out over the next year of the projects they've got booked. And we're not going to go into details because I'm sure a lot of my competitors are on the phone too. But do I think that our overall construction will be tempered a little bit, yes. Do I think has it gone down to a point where we're not going to see growth, no. I think that the fundamentals are still there as we see it today. And that's kind of how we're looking at it. Matt and Bill can chime in or add more about the verticals.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. I'll start by addressing the non-res, Mili. It is our biggest vertical and we still saw a nice growth in non-res in the second quarter. And we can make that statement about the first half of the year as well. And some of the indicators that Mike pointed to I think would argue that we should continue to see nice growth, maybe not quite as strong as what we saw sort of late last year, early this year in non-res, but still it should be nice, right, whether it's ABI, whether it's Dodge Momentum Index, some of the REIT starts data, backlogs that we've seen from various industry groups would support that non-res verticals should remain a solid base for us of growth. And then when you look in some of the other verticals, we've seen growth in our downstream oil and gas vertical in the most recent quarters. That's encouraging to us. Upstream is still a challenge as you might imagine. But the refineries and some of the other related industries have been solid growth for us as well. Again, there's some timing items that flow through, but certainly that's a nice platform for us that we think will continue to be a growth engine go forward. And then there are host of other verticals where we can point to that do see growth going forward. Matt, I'll ask if you want to focus on any in particular. If not, I can continue to take off.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: No, I think we've covered it. I think, the largest opportunity is, what we've learned through our process of our go-to-market after some specific verticals and the success we had there, has really paid off. So it's not just where the end-market is, but where are the verticals that we can bundle our services, and support our customers, maybe deeper than we have in the past is something that we're really focused on and we're encouraged with the results.
Mili Pothiwala - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. I guess just in the context of that could you provide any thoughts on how you're thinking about CapEx into 2017?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, sure, Mili. You saw in our investor material, we put a range out there between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion I guess was the top of the range that we put out. And I would say that we really do think about that full range as being available to us for 2017. As we go through our planning process starting up here in a couple months, we'll refine our view. But we are really going into 2017 saying look, our expectation is that the overall market will continue with attractive growth for us, and that will put us in a position so that we could spend anywhere in that range. The $1.2 billion that we're spending this year, I'll remind you, was heavily influenced by our desire to get our utilization up this year. We were down last year, we wanted to recapture that this year. And, I think we're making real good progress in doing that this year. If we do what we want this year, and if the market is still robust next year which we expect, then we'll be talking about, okay, what's the right number, and it will fall somewhere in that range. So, more to come, as we refine our thinking about next year.
Mili Pothiwala - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Yup.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Seth.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. I actually wanted to touch on the 2017 CapEx point as well. Since you have kind of laid out this framework for us where if rates kind of are at that down 2% number for this year, you've talked about carryover into next year kind of flat from a rate environment. So Bill, trying to get a little bit more granular here, if you're looking at flat rates for next year, where does that put you in that $1.2 billion to $1.6 billion spectrum, is that enough to go the top end of that spectrum, and if you're down 3% this year, does that put you to the $1.2 billion? I'm trying to just pin you down a little bit more relative to this new data that you've given us.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Thanks, Seth. I appreciate being pinned down. Look, we will have much more conversation about it, and answering a hypothetical is always a very dangerous game. What I would say is if we felt like we were carrying flat carryover into next year, and if we were confident in the demand supporting that or better, then I think we'd be more willing  certainly more willing to spend more than the $1.2 billion we're doing this year. How far up we would go in that total range? Hard to say right here and now. $1.7 billion is the max that we've ever said, $1.6 billion would be a shade under that. The question at the top end of the range is, A, would you have enough confidence in the environment to spend close to the max that you've ever spent? That would be a robust discussion. That said, it's on the table as we sit right here and now. More realistically, I think, we're probably looking something more like what we spent last year, that $1.5 billion kind of number. Again, but that would be dependent on us saying, yeah, we've got a rate environment that's okay, and we've got a demand environment that looks like it's going to sustain. And it's got to feel like it's going to sustain more than just calendar 2017, right. And so, those are the kinds of things that we'd be discussing; we'll be able to say more as we get into our Investor Day late this year.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Would you expect the mix still  the growth capital to still be skewed towards the specialty business in that scenario? Call it $1.5 billion, would you be  would the large majority of that growth continue to go towards specialty?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. If we were at $1.5 billion  again, dangerous game playing with hypotheticals, but I think specialty would still be a very significant portion of the growth capital in that kind of scenario. I'll remind you what we said before, right, this year, we don't have a lot of growth capital in our gen rent business after you include the effect of inflation.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, if we're spending more than the $1.2 billion, then some of that incremental spend would be going into the gen rent side of the business, but we'd also be supporting the growth in our specialty businesses in a robust way as well.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then just to follow-up on the energy markets. Rig count seems to have stabilized here, commodity prices are stabilizing. Have you heard anything from your customers with respect to project activity restarting, incremental demand around kind of the current environment, or do you think that's still on the come?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, Seth, this is Matt. I would say it's still too early for that. Everybody is reading the same rig data and the same reports, and I would say it's still too early for us to see it materialize into additional revenue, but it does give us comfort that we may have passed the trough, which is good news. And we were kind of planning on flat in the oil and gas markets for this year anyway. So we've moved the fleet appropriate. We think we have some existing capacity in there to absorb a little uptick, which would be great, but nothing that's making us think that we'd actually be moving more fleet into the oil and gas market at this point.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Terrific. Thanks very much, guys.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Seth.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question, please.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, George.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hi, thanks, good morning.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, George.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Bill, can you flesh out some of the factors that contributed to your lower time utilization guidance for the full year and how you see time ut. playing out during the remainder of the peak rental season?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, George. So, I mean, we touched on it before. It's partly the interplay between rate and time, and how we expect to be able to manage that go forward for the second half. We think the demand environment will be there to allow us to realize our goal for the year, which was nice year-over-year time ut. improvement. And we've got to make sure that we're approaching the market in a way that that allows us to do that, while also realizing as much rate as we can. So, I think that's really how to respond back, right, is that  it's the interplay between rate and time that we expect. We do expect to be able to continue to drive nice year-over-year improvement in time utilization. You saw 30 basis points in June, that's below where we want to be and need to be, and so we expect that we'll be delivering a little bit more year-over-year improvement as we go into the back half of the year. And we're going to be focused on doing that.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Got it. And Mike, can you comment on how you expect OEC-on-rent to grow in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year, particularly as oil and gas comps begin to lap after 2Q?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I think, there's a chart that we have out there, on our  it's on page six of our investor deck, that kind of shows the cadence of how our OEC-on-rent has progressed this year in comparison to other years. And you can see where it lift up last, as Bill mentioned, our July time utilization is up nicely. So, I think, the cadence you see there is going to be a similar pattern of delay in which it follows by the seasons.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, George, to the numbers, I think, you saw 3% OEC-on-rent growth in the second quarter. If I had to put some numbers to it, I'd say we might be just slightly under that in the third quarter, and around that number in the fourth quarter as sort of a way we're thinking about it. We need that kind of growth in order to get to the utilization improvement that we're looking for on the capital plan that we have, but I don't want to get overly precise with those numbers, because as we said that interplay between how we go at rate and time utilization which is OEC-on-rent in the numerator is something that we're going to manage actively as we go forward.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Very helpful. Thank you.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, George
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, David.
David Raso - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. I know we're working with a lot of midpoints here, but  and I can happily take you through all the math. It still seems that you're implying 2017 EBITDA to be down a little bit, when you capture all the aspects of your free cash flow guidance midpoint for next year, how you're viewing your net debt-to-EBITDA leverage. So, if I can just ask you straight out, is that what you're trying to imply with these numbers, or it just TBD, to be updated in October, and I'm  obviously I'm looking at slide 20 as you're  what kind of leverage do you expect in 2017, be it 2.6 times, 2.7 times net debt-to-EBITDA. Again, it's implying EBITDA down next year, I just wanted to ask you is that what you're trying to imply?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, David, we give the range that we give to be explicit, the ranges on all of the guidance that we give, could lead you there. And I can't argue with the math that could come out, but I just, I think we do this every quarter, I'll just emphasize that the ranges are ranges for a reason.
David Raso - Evercore Group LLC: Sure.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And don't anchor yourself too much to the midpoints of the ranges in guiding how you think about how we're going to do this year. Now that said, we are facing an environment where we expect rates to be down 2% to 3%, that's a significant headwind for a year to start out with, and utilization improvement is a great thing to try and offset that, but rate is pretty powerful as you know. So, that's a challenge that we are working to overcome. Will we overcome it or not, tune in later in the year and we'll see.
David Raso - Evercore Group LLC: And a question about the CapEx planning for next year, even within that CapEx, where you would allocate the capital, clearly specialty rental has been a focus. But, when you look at the dollar utilization year-over-year, you kind of see booms and lifts the dollar ut. has been  at least this past quarter was pretty negative, but trench and other has really been very negative. I mean, it's getting less negative, but it's been still pretty challenged, I mean, it was the worst for this quarter, it's been the worst year-over-year dollar ut. now for five quarters or so. How should we think about that? And maybe educate me, and when you say trench and other, how much is that capturing any of the specialty rental, I'm just surprised that dollar ut. has been that weak. It's actually been the weakest of your four major categories you provide us with the data?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, David, this is Matt. That trench and other is a real broad bucket, you've got pumps in there, you've got light towers in there, you've got all kinds of stuff in there that's watering it down. So, I would not take that trench and other as a proxy for specialty in any way, shape or form. If it were just specialty, we'd still have the drag, that the pumps dealing with, right, obviously.
David Raso - Evercore Group LLC: Sure.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: But, I would not  we'd probably change the label on that, maybe it won't be trench and other, maybe it will just be other, but that is not a proxy for our specialty product.
David Raso - Evercore Group LLC: All right. That's good to know. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, David.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer from Barclays. Your question please.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: You kind of touched on this earlier, but I wondered if you would hazard a guess as to the shape of Canada over the next couple years. It's obviously very, very weak. You mentioned some sort of sequential strength. I mean, when do you think it will trough and is there enough fleet rationalization to get profits back without a sharp rebound, just maybe the shape of what you see?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is Mike. As Matt mentioned, it's really a tale of two sides. There are some positives that are happening out of the East as opposed to the West and Western Canada, which was impacted by oil. But on top of that also the players that put things on delay. I will tell you that to restart the facilities there takes an enormous amount of work. It's not an easy feat. So and as you think that, that will be  the things have stabled out. So, I think over time, with the capital investment that the government has committed, we'll start to trickle in over time. My sense is that, could it be a year, that's anyone's guess. I know, I can't predict where oil will be, tried that didn't work, but my sense is that, it's probably more on the mends than it is on a decline.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you. I'll see you soon. Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Rob.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks, operator. I want everyone to feel free to reach out to Ted Grace, who heads up our IR here in Stamford, and also our new investor presentations are available and downloaded on our site. I wanted to thank everybody for taking the time out to join us on today's call. So, I think today is  now is an appropriate time to end it. Thank you very much, and talk to you in the third quarter call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President Joe J. O'Dea - Analyst, Vertical Research Partners LLC
Analysts: Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the safe harbor statement contained in the company's earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks Operator. Welcome and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. As you saw last night, our first quarter results were shaped by a market that is fundamentally positive while presenting some notable constraints. And we delivered $584 million of adjusted EBITDA on $1.3 billion of revenue, with lower rental rates partially offset by higher volumes. It was a solid performance, particularly in light of the challenges of oil and gas in Canada. In addition, we generated strong free cash flow of $627 million, and we're on track for free cash flow in the range of $900 million to $1 billion this year, in line with our outlook. But behind the scenes, our results showed some encouraging momentum. While utilization was down 10 basis points for the quarter versus the prior year, it was up year-over-year, both February and March, driven by increase in OEC-on-rent. The utilization in March increased by 100 basis points. Taken in total, these numbers reflect a good quarter. The obvious disappointment was rate, and that's a major focus for us. In fact, we believe that we can improve our rate management in this year's operating environment even though there is still some uncertainty out there. I'll start by summarizing what we know, then what we don't know about 2016. We know that the cycle appears to be intact; volumes continue to be strong across a majority of our businesses. Secular penetration is still a tailwind and demand from non-residential construction is on the rise. We also know that our industry added a lot of fleet last year. The new fleet, combined with equipment coming out of Canada in the oil patch has created an oversupply in U.S. markets in the short-term. However, our services are still earning premium pricing. Strategically, this is the right positioning for us in the long-term. Canada was the major constraint. The drag from our Canadian business was significant in the quarter. It accounted for almost a full point of rate decline, and we're managing through it by reducing fleet in weak markets, particularly in Western provinces. So, we're pleased to see that the Canadian Government is taking steps to turn the economy around. And importantly for us, the current plan includes an investment of more than $120 billion in Canadian infrastructure over 10 years, with $11 billion to be allocated immediately. So, let's talk about what we don't know. We don't know when supply and demand will achieve equilibrium, no single rental company controls that timing, but we do believe the market is moving in that direction. Independent data indicates that the growth in supply is now tracking below the growth in demand. Rouse reports that their absorption ratio hit an inflection point in March of last year. The timing makes sense when you think about the decline in oil and gas. Then, the negative ratio hit bottom in November and has been improving ever since. Last month, the ratio was close to parity, and it's the best we've seen in a year. If rental companies continue to show discipline with CapEx in 2016, excess fleet will be absorbed more quickly by the growth in demand. Oil and gas is another question mark, and there's plenty of speculation, but no certainty about the future of this sector. We don't think upstream vertical has hit bottom, yet. And finally, a change in the relative strength of the American dollar would affect the results we report from Canada, and that's a challenge to predict. So, it's been a series of puts and takes. But when you analyze all the various dynamics, it comes down to the size of market growth and the cycle is still very much on track. And in our view, it will be several years before it reaches its peak. It's also the consensus of industry analysts that supports that view, as well as our customers'. Nevertheless, our experience tells us that pricing will be very difficult to predict in the short term. And while rate is just one component of our outlook, it underlies some of our other metrics. Consequently, we made some adjustments to our guidance, as Bill will discuss in a moment. Before I move on, I want to emphasize that our focus continues to be on managing our business for significant long-term value. And as a leader in our industry, we're not willing to be a bystander. We're taking every measure to ensure that we generate the highest possible returns on our capital over time, and that includes managing rates more effectively. We're also being very diligent about taking cost out of the business. Our lean initiative is on track to reach an annual run rate of $100 million in savings by year-end, and we're committed to that target; and we see more room for improvement next year. Now, let's talk about CapEx. In the first quarter, our capital spend was down by two-thirds versus last year, and it gives us major flexibility in managing the balance of our CapEx spend in 2016. Last night, we reaffirmed our $1.2 billion CapEx target for the full year and this is based on the substantial demand that we're seeing in many of our end markets. So, here is a quick snapshot of the quarter. Non-residential construction in U.S. increased year-over-year by more than 11% through February, which is the latest data available. It drove up equipment rentals across a wide range of verticals. We saw year-over-year revenue increases in some of our largest end markets, such as infrastructure, chemicals and refining. And we generated double-digit growth from verticals that are important targets for us. These include pharmaceuticals, entertainment and disaster recovery. Our specialty rental operations are continuing to turn in strong performance. Rental revenues were up 8.7% year-over-year for specialty, with same-store growth being more than 6%. And the combined rental revenues from Trench Safety and Power & HVAC, our two largest specialty businesses, increased by 12% year-over-year, again largely on same-store basis. With our pump business, we're continuing to diversify our market base, both in terms of verticals and geographies. In the first quarter, we opened cold starts for pump in Tennessee and Minnesota. Specialty is an area of our business that we're funding for growth again in 2016. We have a lot of investor interest in these operations. So, I want to take this opportunity to invite you to a branch visit on May 5 in Tampa. We're taking investors to a co-located trench, pump and power branch starting at noon. It's a good opportunity to spend some time in the field with several of our key leaders, including Paul McDonnell, who runs our specialty business. Space is limited, so please give us a call this week if you're interested in attending. So, in summary (9:04) and realistic about 2016. We've looked at this year from every angle and the prospects for equipment rental in North America appear strong, demand is building and our fleet on rent is keeping pace. And our focus continues to be on many aspects of our business that are within our control. These include asset management, our cost structure and cash generation. And you'll see us flex all these areas as conditions warrant, while strategically we'll stay the course in a year to offer significant opportunities to deliver for our shareholders. So with that, I'll hand it over to Bill, who will go over the results with you. So, Bill, over to you.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As usual, I'll add some color to the numbers that you've already seen or heard from Mike just now. Starting with rental revenue, $1.117 billion of rental revenue in the quarter, that was down 0.07% or $8 million year-over-year and the components are as follows: re-rent and ancillary revenues netted out to an increase year-over-year of $2 million, ancillary was up a little bit more, up $4 million, offset by re-rent coming down slightly. Within owned equipment revenue, the decrease totaled about $10 million, with rate accounting for about $28 million of decline, on that 2.8% year-over-year rate decline that we reported. And that was almost exactly offset by volume being up pretty strongly, $28 million of volume contribution on the 2.7% increase in OEC on rent that we reported. Netting against that is the replacement CapEx inflation for the quarter, that was about $20 million of year-over-year decline, reflecting about 2% impact from the inflation of the CapEx that we replaced. Mix and other was a solid positive contributor this quarter, plus $10 million versus last year. And that very largely reflects the fact that there was an extra day in the reporting period this year. So, net all that together was $10 million of decline in OER as I said, and that totals the $8 million of decline that we saw overall. Within that revenue decline, I'll point out that we did have an impact from the Canadian dollar. It's weaker this year by about $10 million worth of rental impact. So, if you excluded that Canadian dollar currency impact, we actually would have reported an increase in our rental revenue of 0.3%. While I am on Canada, I'd also point it out that that's just the Canadian dollar impact. If you just look at the U.S.-only performance in rental revenue, our U.S.-only rental revenue was actually up 3% in the quarter, that's up 3% when you exclude Canada. Time utilization performance in the quarter actually trended very nicely as you went through each month. The overall quarter, as you saw, was down 10 basis points, but within that, we had a decline in January of about 150 basis points and then February, the utilization flipped to a positive 30 basis points, on its way to the 100 basis point year-over-year improvement that we reported in the earnings release. So, we're on a pretty good positive trend in utilization in the quarter. Moving briefly to used equipment sales, $115 million of proceeds from used this quarter, was essentially flat with last year. The margin of 48.7% was down just over 2 basis points and that's primarily driven by some of the discounting that we've done to move volume in the quarter at a little bit higher pace than we might otherwise have done. When you look at the margin overall, 48.7% adjusted gross margin is still a very high level of margin in absolute terms versus where margins have been historically. Within that used equipment sales result, we sold about 60% of our revenue through the retail channel, consistent with where we were in the first quarter and consistent with what we've been trying to do to focus much of our sales effort through the retail channel. So, a solid used result in the quarter to get us started for the year. On profitability, just real briefly on adjusted EBITDA, $584 million, was down $18 million or 3% versus last year and the margin was 44.6%, that was down 120 basis points. The key components, that rate impact that we called out earlier, cost us about $27 million compared to last year, but that was offset by the volume impact, which was a positive $18 million in the quarter. Fleet inflation was a headwind of about $12 million, so the net effect of all those was really driven by the rate result and inflation. The ancillary revenue impact that I pointed out earlier was a benefit of about $2 million in the quarter. That offsets the used equipment sales result, which was a negative $2 million in the quarter compared to last year. And then we had our normal merit increase impact of about $6 million in the quarter, and the mix in other benefit primarily driven by that extra day was a positive $9 million in the quarter. So, all of that nets to the $18 million year-over-year decline that we called out. Sprinkled throughout that decline was about $3 million worth of headwind from the impact of currency that occurs in various lines here. So, that $3 million was reflecting that $10 million decline in revenues that I talked about from currency. Briefly on adjusted EPS, we delivered $1.40 of EPS in the quarter, and that was $0.06 better than last year. And again, that overcame the impact of Canadian currency, which was about $0.02 headwind compared to last year in the quarter. So, a solid EPS result for us during the quarter as well. On free cash flow, good quarter there, $627 million in the first quarter, that's up $177 million versus last year. The key drivers there, obviously the lower CapEx spend in the quarter was a benefit of about $223 million year-over-year. We also had lower interest expense of about $20 million. And offsetting those two benefits, were really timing of working capital that cost us about $67 million versus last year. And obviously, the adjusted EBITDA result, decline of $18 million. So, those are the key components of that $177 million improvement. I would caution against running too far with the overall results of $627 million in the quarter, as you think about the full year free cash flow. The timing in some of the subsequent quarters will weigh that down. Still we expect to deliver between $900 million and $1 billion worth of free cash flow over the full year. On rental CapEx, you saw the $100 million in the quarter, down to $123 million versus last year and that's consistent with the approach that we've taken to rental CapEx this year, which was to give ourselves as much flexibility as we can early in the year, and then decide, as we go through the year, where it's appropriate to spend. So, we still are expecting to spend $1.2 billion across the entire year for rental CapEx, the quarters will vary this year as we respond to demand. On liquidity, real briefly, we finished the quarter at $1.4 billion of liquidity, just over $1.4 billion, and that reflected about $1.2 billion in ABL capacity and another $200 million in cash on the balance sheet. Let me just touch on the share repurchase program briefly. We purchased in the quarter $153 million worth of shares, that resulted in about 2.7 million shares coming back to us and if you look at the entire current authorization, the $1 billion authorization we're operating under, we spent about $264 million through the end of the quarter against that program. So, we're on the pace that we talked about. As we think about the share repurchase program, our intention right now is to continue the way that we've said. Steady purchases toward about $675 million or so worth of repurchases this year, and they will be fairly steady throughout the months. I've mentioned before, the restricted payments limitations that we have to make sure we operate within from our debt covenants. As we finished the quarter, we had about $566 million worth of available capacity, either from RP baskets in the debt or from cash capacity at the holding company, so we're very well-positioned to continue the share repurchase program without concern about those limitations slowing us down. ROIC for the quarter was 8.7%. That was down 30 basis points from the prior year and clearly reflects the impact of the weaker rate environment after netting out the somewhat stronger demand environment and higher utilization. Let me finish up with just a real brief comment on the updated outlook. You saw the numbers with total revenues coming down to a range of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion, and adjusted EBITDA coming down to a range of $2.650 billion to $2.750 billion. Essentially we adjusted both ranges down to reflect the renewed outlook on rate. It's impact is about $100 million, and so at mid-point, it was about $100 million. So, that was the motivation for revising those components of the guidance downward. Our new view of rate is now for a decline of 3% to 4% over the course of the year, and really that reflects the experience that we've had early in the year. We can talk about the sequential rate performance that we had in the first three months of the year, but it's fair to say that those came in weaker than we expected and the new rate guidance for the full year essentially reflects that decline. Our utilization is going the other way; we've had a stronger start to the year on utilization and on fleet on rent. And so, we now expect our utilization for the year to be up about 100 basis points. That will bring us centered around 68.3% for the full year. No change to the CapEx plan, as we've mentioned before. $1.2 billion is still the gross spend that we're targeting, which should net down to about $700 million after used sales proceeds. And again, no change to the free cash flow outlook, between $900 million and $1 billion. Final comment is just regards to April. We've got a lot of questions about how April has started, so we figured we'd offer up just a little bit more thought about that. On the rate front, it's fair to say that April has started slightly better than what we saw sequentially in March. We'd call April, so far month-to-date, it's something like a sequential minus five-tenths (21:04). On utilization, it's also slightly better than where we finished out. As of yesterday, our utilization against last year was up 130 basis points. So, we think it's important to understand how the early part of the year plays out. And as we think about the remainder of the year, we're optimistic; optimistic about our ability to put fleet on rent, about our ability to start realizing rate more effectively than we have. And as always, we're going to drive as hard as we can toward all of those objectives. So with that, I'll ask the operator to open the call for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Steven.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Bill, I know you said the rate outlook for the rest of the year reflects the beginning of the year trend, but I think you are assuming sequential monthly declines for the balance of the year. So, maybe just give us a little more context for why it makes sense to assume that the rates are going to decline sequentially for the rest of the year as they did last year. Just because  we are seeing oil prices rising and the over fleeting may be moderating, as you're talking about, and the volumes are good. Can you just kind of give us a little more color there? Thanks.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, I'll start out and please chime in Mike and Matt. The rate range that we give, actually, if we achieve the 3%, you would have some positives in the back half of the year on a reasonable profile of where sequentials would go. So, it's not like we're saying, there's going to be declines every month in the remainder of the year. And in fact, if we repeated last year's sequential performance from May on, that puts us right about the mid-point of the down 3% to 4% range that we gave. And there were some flat months in last year's sequential decline. So, we're not here saying that there are going to be sequential declines every month going forward. We're saying that we want to make sure that we understand how our business looks if you don't get a significant turnaround in the short-term. The reality is we did start weaker than we thought in the first quarter, and things don't turn around instantly. And so, we're trying to allow room for things to take a little bit longer to turn around, but we certainly believe that that's a possibility and that's why we put the range the way we did.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And how are you thinking about the trade-off between rates versus volume utilization? I mean, to what extent are you making a conscious decision this year in favor of volumes versus rates, and any sense of how you think your market share has trended this year?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Steve. This is Matt. I would say that the two are connected, but the strategy of trying to drive both rate improvement and time improvement has not changed. Our time utilization doing better than we had originally thought was mostly due to demand and even overcoming some of the headwinds that Mike talked to in his prepared comments in Canada in oil and gas. We have some real strong end markets. I'd say 70% of our regions  and those are the ones that aren't touched by oil and gas and you could think about it geographically as on the coast  have robust demand. And that's what we're taking advantage of. As far as, what's that balance between rate? That's more of a supply dynamic. And we added a slide, on slide five of our investor deck, where you start to see where the absorption of the fleet coming in has been over the past year and where we're starting to see some improvement there. And that informs the stronger end of our range of 3% rate. That's what we're driving towards and we believe the supply side will work its way through because there is such robust demand.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other thing I would add to that is  this is Mike, by the way, I would just add that, in my opening comments, we still maintain a premium. So, we're not sacrificing. The market is the market. This is the first year in, what, five years that we haven't had  the industry has had oil as the backdrop, and we understood that. And we also are looking at ways in which we can drive efficiencies in our fleet and our CapEx spend. So, we took CapEx down as well in Q1. So, we wanted to see demand. We're seeing demand, and that's what gives us a lot of comfort for the cycle still playing out.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: So, just to be clear, in these markets where you are seeing the volumes that you're not seeing just excessive amounts of competitive pressure?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: No, if you think about our rates, Steve, and you separate out the U.S. and Canada, we're not where we wanted to be in the U.S. Our rates in the U.S. are down 2% for the quarter versus the 2.8%, and that's driven by  in the tougher markets where there's not demand, where there's not time utilization in Canada, our rates are down 9.7%. So that's really where the big drag is. If you took oil and gas out of the number, large oil and gas, our rates would have only declined 1.6%. If we had numbers like that holistically, we wouldn't have re-guided rate. We would have overcome that. We would have felt like, with our rate management systems and the robustness of the focus, we wouldn't have had to re-guide. But when you put the whole experience in, we just thought it was appropriate to give that guidance, I just want to reiterate: we're driving towards the better end of that guidance and even beyond. This is not a statement of a lack of focus; it's more a statement of realizing what we experienced in Q1.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, George.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Can you provide further detail on what's changed in the Canadian and oil and gas markets over the past 90 days that prompted you to lower your revenue and EBITDA guidance?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, George, maybe I'll start and ask Matt and Mike to chime in. I think it's just a continuation of what we saw late last year, right. Remember in the fourth quarter we talked about Canada being down significantly. I can't even remember the exact percentage decline in revenue, but those factors that continue, right. We continued to have adjustments in the oil sands projects, and the western part being a major driver there, continue to have pressure on some of the commodity pricing that affects other industries elsewhere within Canada. And that's being exacerbated by all the fleet looking for a home and moving around in that marketplace. So, I don't know Matt or Mike, you guys point anything else specific that might have changed in the last three months.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: No. I wouldn't put it just to Canada. As Bill had talked about in his comments, if you carry through what the rate build was planned to be in the year, which had our initial guidance and you carry that through the balance of the year, that's why the revenue guidance dropped. It wasn't just specifically Canada and I think we spoke about that in detail.
George K. F. Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thanks. I'll jump back in queue.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, George.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Joe.
Joe J. O'Dea - Analyst, Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Joe J. O'Dea - Analyst, Vertical Research Partners LLC: On slide five, when you show supply/demand dynamics and we've seen the improvement over the last couple of months, the rate seems to contemplate that you still have pressure through most of the year when you compare to last year in sequential declines. So, why as we see that supply/demand improving is there not the potential that things accelerate a little bit more quickly, why do you think that even as that improves and you find balance you continue to face rate pressure?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, this is Mike. It's the unknown. We know the snapshot of where we are today. We know what we're spending and how we're spending. We've taken down our capital spend significantly. It's what I don't know is going to happen for the rest of the industry, and what they intend to do and spend. So, it is projected, as you stated, according to Rouse that it looks like some time at the end of the second quarter, you could expect some sort of equilibrium. Now, I can't control what the rest of the industry does. I can only speak to United Rentals. But, it gives me  what I've seen it so far and what I hear from OEMs, it gives me confidence that our market  and we're marching in the right direction. That's the unknown. And is there opportunity? Yeah, that's why if I look at the 3% to 4%, there's some opportunity for some positives. But, we have to call it as we see it, and put it up, and kind of de-risk it a little bit.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. And I would add, Joe, I think, it's just how quickly can we change the momentum, right? And that's probably what we're after. The good news, as Bill pointed out, April, we started to see an improvement in momentum, and how quickly that plays through, we'll see where we get to reaching our goal of 3%.
Joe J. O'Dea - Analyst, Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. And then on the U.S. only, and rate down about 2%, and obviously commodity-related pressure, but outside of that, are there any pockets that you're able to identify, whether it's on the national account front or whether it's the walk-in business, where you're seeing a little bit more of the contribution of downward pressure on rate there.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think, we've seen pressure in different category  excuse me  different customer segments. I think that reflects the overall dynamics of what's going on in the marketplace right now, right. It's an excess of fleet, and that fleet is going to look for a home, and whether it finds a home with a large national or a mid-sized regional or a mom  a small walk-in oriented market, I don't think it discriminates. So, we've seen pressure in a variety of different areas. I think, the key for us is to make sure that we support our strategy, right, which is make sure that we're embracing those large national accounts, is the core part of our strategy. And then continuing to offer the services that justify the mid-sized and the smaller players coming to us as well, and to do all that at a price point that reflects the premium service that we offer. So, I don't know again, that Mike, I'll ask if you guys want to add anything, but I'd say, I wouldn't point out any particular group of customers or project types that represent the price, the pressure on rate. But that's another way of saying that we've seen some pressure in a variety of different areas.
Joe J. O'Dea - Analyst, Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer from Barclays. Your question, please.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everybody.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, the question is on Canada, and obviously it's tough there, and probably particularly in the west with the oil and such. And I'm wondering if you can speak at all to either the competitive balance or the speed at which you can reduce fleet and normalize. I don't know whether it's more consolidated and therefore you can kind of get things in line faster, just when you anticipate given the plans you have up there, even if the market continuous to be soft that you've taken enough fleet that we can sort of stabilize a bit?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Robert, this is Matt. I think, you're hitting on something where the real challenge markets are pretty dense. And when you're thinking about Western Canada and more specifically Alberta, we've been very aggressive in moving fleet out of there. And that's been able to help us right size our business, and we're seeing, it's broad-based in Western Canada. We're seeing our competitors face with the same challenges. It's a macro issue and not a performance issue with our team or a market share issue. It's really just a macro issues in Western Canada. I want to separate out Eastern Canada because I think they might even have some opportunities in some of the provinces in Eastern Canada. It's just not robust enough to call out, but because it's concentrated in certain areas, we are able to move the fleet profitably.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. I'll follow-up again offline. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Seth.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning,
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So, sticking in Canada, not surprisingly, I guess what's struck me is  thanks Matt, for the 9.  I think you said down 9.7%, that was good data, and I think, you  in the fourth quarter, it was down 6%. I guess, what I think people are trying to figure out is when do these comps start to anniversary, because it seems like there's been a lag here relative to the inflection in oil last year. So, I think what everybody is trying to calibrate is, when do the Canada comps specifically get easier? And then also maybe can you talk about  is this all just direct energy exposure or you're also seeing indirect knock on type project activity slowdown in those markets as well?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Seth, I'll start. I think, we saw Canada declining really throughout the year last year, but the acceleration really was most pronounced in Q4. And so, in that sense the comps really started to get easier in Q4 although they will be gradually getting easier as we go through the year. Matt, I don't know if you want to answer the question about concentration in oil and gas and  or is it more broad based?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think, most of us realize, right, so it's a very highly driven by natural resources, the whole country quite frankly, and I think, it was just exacerbated in Western Canada, but it's something that as Bill pointed out was really driven in Q4 and Q1 this year, and during that period, we pulled over $70 million of fleet out of Western Canada. So, we've been very aggressive in dealing with it, and I think, I would leave it at that. I mean, it's  it'd be hard for me to parse out knock on versus the racks, I think, the whole economy, and if you're in Alberta, almost the whole economy is somewhat oil and gas related, and that's where we've seen the biggest drop.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, Seth. The only thing I would add is if you take a look at one of our investors' deck, the industrial outlook for Canada by province, I think, is a good way of looking at it, and it's not just oil and gas, it is minerals and metals that are all wrapped in there. You know as well as I do Canada is reliant on commodities, natural resources, with the Western taking the biggest part of that, particularly in the oil. And you see that highlighted in our deck by province, reduction outlook on industrial spend that they see in Canada, offset by growth both on the east and the west, far east and far west.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I mean, just to frame it though for the  I think, 9.7% down in the first quarter, would you expect second quarter to be in that same kind of range or does it that  does that start to get less negative here in the second quarter?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: If I  so, we haven't proven to be great forecasting it, to be frank. But I would say that we're expecting our improvements to come in the U.S. and that's where we think the opportunity is, that's where the greater demand is, and where we expect to get our rate of growth.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Right. But I'm just talking about it on a relative basis, I mean, okay. Maybe if I could slide another one. Just on the CapEx, Bill, second quarter last year was, I think, close to $700 million gross CapEx, is that...
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: ...order of magnitude, should we haircut that by 20%, 25% kind of number, consistent with your full year, or how should  is there any kind of help you can give us for just to calibrate that?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Sure. So, the intent is to respond to demand, and that's going to drive the number, so that's why we hesitate to give you a more specific guide. What I would say is we could spend as much as we did last year. If the demand continues to hold, and if we can land the fleet from OEMs. But we could spend materially less than last year, and I know that's not terribly helpful, but it could be  in the area of $600 million, it could be in the area of $700 million, just depending on how the demand plays out as we go through the quarter.
Seth R. Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I'll get back in queue. Thanks, guys.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI Group. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, David.
Operator: You might have your phone on mute.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I'm sorry. Yeah. Sorry about that. I appreciate you taking the question. I know it's looking out to next year, there's a lot of movement in oil and gas that could change things and so forth, but on your slide 18, just trying to think about the midpoint of your CapEx is basically net CapEx goes up 27%, 28%. And when I think about the way you're laying out the rest of the year, you actually exit the fourth quarter with rental rates down over 3%. But in that slide you're saying you think there'll be modest rate growth. So, I'm just trying to think through, if I'm going to raise CapEx that much in 2017, I'm exiting 2016 with a lot of negative carryover on rate. Obviously, I guess, the answer could be you're just that bullish on 2017. I'm just trying to think through how that makes sense to start the year that negative on rate, you're going to raise net CapEx mid-point by 28%, and we think the full year rate in 2017 is going to be positive.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Hey, David, so, there are a lot of assumptions in there. What I'd say is the  regards the exit rate from 2016 or the carryover into 2017, if you want to use the midpoint of our current rate guidance, right, down 3% to 4%. If we finish the year at the same pace as last year on the sequential, right, that approximately 3.5% set of sequentials, the carryover for 2017 in that scenario would be something like a point negative, right? So, we look at that and we say that's not insurmountable to overcome during the course of 2017 and get back to positive rate throughout the course of next year. So, that's how we think about sort of what we'd have to overcome in order to get to a modest rate increase next year. As for the CapEx, we gave a range, right? We said it could be $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion, I think it was. And we're using that as a statement that we're going to be very focused on preserving flexibility and responding to the market more so than just saying, hey, we're going to spend $1 billion  it was $1.6 billion at the top end of that range. We're going to spend $1.6 billion right here and now in 2017, come hell or high water, right. So, we're going to be responsive. We're going to be very mindful of how rates do behave as we finish up 2016, and that'll inform our thought about what rates are going to look like in 2017 and inform our thoughts about what CapEx plan should be as a result.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I was just trying to think through what some of your suppliers may  if you face that decision today, do you err on, I want to get that rate positive and I'll back away from the CapEx growth? I know the CapEx, though, is going more specialty than general rent, but I'm just trying to understand  is the focus still on we want to push rate? And obviously, last night's report made some people question, is it about trying to play a little catch up on some volume growth and market share recapture or  no, it's just the dynamics of this year and next year. Of those two, you would err on: we'll pull the CapEx down to make sure we get the rate.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, David, this is Mike. We haven't changed our stripes. We took CapEx down this year. And the easiest thing I could do is just throw CapEx in. To your point, our growth CapEx is going to specialty. As we go through the year, it depends how it plays out, is how I think  how we think about it. We don't know. We're giving ourselves the flexibility, but we haven't changed our strategy or our story as far as how we're thinking about it. This is  we're not going to throw out CapEx for the sake of volume.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I think  thought it was interesting that the rate breakdown that  even if you pull out large oil, and I assume that was large oil out of U.S. and Canada, that the rate was still down 160 bps. Was  is that  I mean, in a way is that almost more the surprise, that the rate degradation in non-oil and gas areas? I mean, it's just a little more  I know there is a hangover in the whole oil and gas contagion, equipment moving to other parts of the country. So, it's interesting that rate even outside of oil and gas is down when the utilization  and correct me if I'm wrong. The utilization's probably stronger outside of oil and gas. I'm just trying to marry that up so I understand the kind of core gen rent business outside of oil and gas.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: David, as I had said earlier  it's Matt  it's the supply side. And we saw that mid-year last year, and you saw it in all the Rouse data. There is just more fleets that came in that didn't get absorbed. And if it ended 2015 that way, then we knew there was a first half of the year dynamic, just because of seasonality, where it was going to put more challenge on it. So, I would say that it was less  we didn't have an expectation that rates in the U.S were going to be positive in the low season Q1. And I think Canada has just really, really surprised us even more so. But this is the supply-side dynamic we've been speaking about for the last few quarters.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Well, that's what I'm trying to understand. I mean, obviously we all try to figure out the supply-demand balance. But when you think most iron gets delivered now, all right, April, May, June  I mean, obviously, your CapEx in particular is heavily second quarter. So the idea of forecasting fleet versus demand, I mean, we haven't really seen the real fleeting up this year, right; seasonally, it's still to come. And when you spend time with dealers, it doesn't seem like the rental CapEx is even going down this year versus last year, which would still be fleet growth. So, I'm just trying to understand  it's not your data. Maybe it's not a fair question to you, but...
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Right.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I mean, the fleet, to measure it in March and say, hey, we're near balance  I mean, you haven't taken delivery, yet, right? Most of the delivery comes the next three months or four months. I mean, there's still a supply-demand question that naturally isn't really answered until June-July, right? So, I'm just trying to understand how much are we embracing that forecast when we don't really know what's being shipped, yet; but it seems like the dealers aren't really backing off much right now on year-over-year CapEx. I mean, you're doing a good job cutting. I'm just trying to understand, how could I make that forecast off of March fleet when all the fleet comes in the next three months?
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: David, we can't  we obviously can't comment on sort of the dealers and what's going on there, but what I would say is, you're right. The fleet tends to come now, but so does the demand. And what we're taking as encouragement is that the relationship between growth in fleet and growth in demand seems to be one that's near or heading toward balance. And you couple that with the pain that the industry has suffered overall regards an excess of fleet, right, low utilizations over the last  well, since oil broke, really. We think that there is a very reasonable case to say that the industry will continue, even though they're bringing in more fleet, bringing in less fleet, than demand might otherwise warrant and that will help with absorption. So, that's the mindset that we're bringing to it, time will tell, whether it's right or not, that's why the uncertainty is, why we're being very flexible and how we approach spending capital this year, right, but based on...
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Yeah. I'm sorry. One last thing on the positive side, I'll try to catch up though. On the positive side, I think, Matt, maybe in particular you've answered this, but all of you, there's no more need to move any iron around, would you say? I mean, you've  hopefully, you're past that point. You feel like Canada seemed like these last three months getting some stuff back to the suppliers and so forth on buybacks and stuff. I mean, where Canada  I know, the rate is down, and obviously, Matt, you're weren't willing to say rates are getting much better year-over-year, when you said the U.S. has improvement, but are we at least comfortable with where the iron generally is right now, like are we past that point?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, we believe so, and I think that's a fair depiction of where we are and we're going to be moving a lot of fleet around as we always do. But I think the big moves of having to move major blocks out of any geography, I think, we've swallowed that pill.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: That's good to hear. Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question, please.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: I wanted to ask more about the demand in that industrial non-construction segment of the market. And so, looking at the slide deck, you've got a 2.2% forecast in 2016 in the U.S., clearly oil and gas is down, but can you talk more about what you're seeing in manufacturing and petrochemicals, refineries and the like? So, anymore color on trends, and kind of where you're seeing Greenfields there?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm sorry, last part of your question, I didn't catch, Nick.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Just trends in the industrial segment of the U.S.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. I mean, I think that's obviously the one decline or  but really one of the few declining verticals we've, we've talked about ad nauseam, which is specifically upstream oil and gas. We've actually seen some improvement in certain markets in refining. We've seen great improvements in chemical and infrastructure. And, I think additionally, and Mike  I think, it was Mike referred to it in his opening comments, we have some targeted vertical efforts, admittedly in some smaller verticals like entertainment and restorations, where we've been  we've been very encouraged by what we're seeing through those efforts and that's a strategy change that we're going to invest in and continue to implement as an organization. So, I think that  there is a plenty of robust end markets, both vertically and geographically that we feel comfortable with the level of capital being able to be deployed profitability.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other thing I would only add to that is, there's still some revamping of some automotive plants that are underway, and will probably play out for the balance of this year and to next year.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then can you give us an update on pump solutions, so what performance looked like there? And any kind of update on your ability to cross-sell and put that equipment into sectors other than oil and gas that you talked about?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Nick, pump is tracking fairly well for us in terms of coming in relative to what we had planned for the full year. In the first quarter rental revenue was basically flat and that's where we had our mindsets coming into the year. We're having pretty good success in looking at verticals outside of oil and gas and driving the cross-sellers we talked about for some time here. So, we're feeling good about pump relative to the forecast that we had for the full year.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, this is Mike. I would only add that, in those numbers, upstream oil and gas is down about 70% on a year-over-year basis, with revenues they're relatively flat. So, we've been diversifying our portfolio very nicely and we still see increases in opportunities in the cross-sell.
Nicholas Andrew Coppola - Thompson Research Group LLC: All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Michael, can you talk about, as we get out within the next, call it, three months to four months based on the performance that you folks are at it (51:51) for utilization mid-April and applying normal seasonality. You'd be pretty close to your utilization high by the third quarter and I'm just wondering what is it that's making you folks a little bit shy about getting more aggressive on pricing as you hopefully get utilization to those levels? Is it a situation where you feel like you're that far ahead of the industry in terms of the utilization difference where you want to see the rest of the industry catch up or has it just been a tough environment, you want to make sure the demand is there before you start to push pricing? Can you just calibrate us on how you're thinking about that?
William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Jerry. I think it's important to recognize that  obviously we don't control pricing in the marketplace. We respond to a significant extent, but at higher levels of utilization, we have more room to select those rental transactions that are most appealing from rate, and it gives people some confidence in being able to quote rates that are a little bit higher. So, that dynamic we expect to play out as the year goes on, and that's why we're encouraged by our ability to improve our rate realization. When it gets to absolute sequential increases, it will depend on things that are outside of our control, including the overall level of industry fleet, and the level of utilization of that fleet in the industry, that's why we spend so much time talking about how industry fleet is being absorbed. You used the word confidence, it's a matter of confidence to say that you are going to start moving sequential rate higher several months down the road. Our experience recently has made us to be mindful of getting too aggressive and far out ahead of where the market actually is. And so that's why we put the rate forecast out there that we did. The key for us is to make sure that our management processes are focused on realizing as much rate as we can in the marketplace. And if we do that and if the industry absorbs more of the fleet that's out there and avoids bringing in a lot of excess fleet to compound the problem from here, then the rate we realize is going to be better than what we got in that guidance range. But it's hard to put that down in black and white in a forecast as we sit right here.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Jerry, the only thing I would add to that is, what lessons learned last year has made us a better company. We have a lot more rigor and control around our fleet and our capital. And we've made significant improvements in our process. That gives me comfort, number one. If you were to ask me, okay, hey, Mike what were you thinking when you gave us guidance in January, given the numbers that we posted there. I would tell you that we go through and the team goes through a rigorous process to figure out what has to occur, what has to be true on rates and utilizations. And as Bill mentioned, they're moving targets in one direction or one aspect to the other. So, in January, our plan called for being down 0.3%, we actually finished 0.4%. So, tenth of a point, not bad, but it really was in February and February is always a swing month for us and then it was really  it leans on March. And then, as March played out, that's when we  as we've talked about that the whole got bigger, but the demand was picking up and we started seeing that demand and you see that in the numbers that we've talked about. So, it's a balancing act, we think, we can improve on that, that's our goal, that's our job and we'll continue to focus on it as we go through the year and report out to the best of our ability how we see the world playing out.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate the color. And historically, RSC, before you acquired the business had a high proportion of its contracts expiring at around calendar yearend. Has that changed at all and what are the implications for rate next year if those contracts re-price at lower rates exiting 2016 than where we were exiting 2015?
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Jerry, it's Matt. So, most national account contracts get negotiated somewhere around yearend, either a month or so before or a month or so after, it depends on the length of negotiation. We're not seeing  so, we've renegotiated just about all of our national account agreements for this year already and we're not seeing really any significant different performance than the overall markets that they work in. So, the Canadian national accounts are maybe faring a little bit better than the overall market, but in the U.S., our national accounts are behaving like the rest of our business. And, usually that's the way it's been throughout the last few years, both pre and post acquisition. So we don't foresee any difference.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate it. Thanks everyone.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Jerry.
Matthew John Flannery - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks operator. But before we end this call, I want to mention that Ted Grace has joined our team as Head of Investor Relations. I think many of you know Ted from his work as the analyst covering the industrial and construction sectors. Ted and Fred will be working closely together in the coming months. So please feel to reach out to them in Stamford anytime. And then going back to my opening comments, we have this specialty tour that's set up from May 5. We hope to see many of you there. And please reach out to Fred as soon as possible. But I look forward to showcasing the capabilities of our specialty branches that we are very proud of. So thank you for joining us and hope to see you in Tampa. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - CEO William Plummer - CFO Matt Flannery - COO
Analysts: Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley David Raso - Evercore ISI Group  Ted Grace - Susquehanna Brandon Jaffe - Goldman Sachs Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fisher - UBS Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Rentals' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. And welcome and good afternoon everybody. I want to thank you for joining us on today's call.  These first quarter calls are always about the future in the past and today is no different. But I want to start with a recap of 2015 for two reasons. First, it was a solid year for us with some excellent results, and as I will discuss, it says a lot about how we're managing the business. And second, we saw some trends emerge in 2015 that are likely to impact the current year.  I will start with the operating environment. It offers some challenges although the underlying foundation of the recovery remain positive. We capitalized on some broad-based opportunities such as the continued rebound in commercial construction and we saw lively demand from some sectors such as hospitality, renewables and public works. At the same time we dealt with a significant drag for upstream oil and gas and its knock-on effect. A weak Canadian dollar and fleet growth in the industry, which according to Rouse is outpacing demand.  Nonetheless, for the full year of 2015 we delivered a record amount of adjusted EBITDA of $2.8 billion and a margin of 48.7%, which is the highest in our company's history. And our free cash flow came in at $919 million after CapEx which was also a record. These numbers tell a good story to show how we can be flexible and adjust our tactics while delivering value for investors.  So as we look to 2016, the headwinds are still with us. There are also some evident macro constraints such as pressure on industrial activity, the Canadian economy as well as some unknowns. But underneath these dynamics, the non-residential construction markets are continuing to recover. And that's a key point.  The equipment rental industry is continuing to grow. Thats why if you asked me where we stand on our operating environment, theres really two answers to that. One has to do with the short-term, meaning 2016, and the other is longer-term relating to the rental cycle. Short-term, our stance is to be cautious on CapEx and proactive about pursuing profitable growth opportunities in areas, such as specialty services. And I will talk more about specialty in a minute.  For the company as a whole, we think that our 2016 revenue can range from roughly $1 million [ph] to $200 million on either side of last year's performance. And this includes a significant negative impact from FX as Bill will discuss in a moment. And it takes into consideration the continuing drag from the Canadian economy on our performance. Canada is a commodity-driven country with economic issues that go deeper than Alberta and the oilsands. Real GDP growth in Canada this year is projected to be less than 1%. And as the largest rental company in Canada, were going to feel some pain, and it could be significant. But well do what we can do to mitigate the impact on rates and utilization through fleet management.  Now with rates, for the company overall were projecting a year-over-year decline of 1% to 2%. Weve moved rates higher for five straight years and weve maintained a premium price for our services, and sometimes I can make our rates more vulnerable to pressure in the short term. But rate integrity is the best long-term strategy for value creation.  With utilization, were guiding to approximately 68% which would be an increase of 70 basis points. We see improvement coming from our disciplined management of CapEx and OEC rent, a continued recovery in non-residential construction spending, secular penetration and the absorption of fleet excess in the industry.  What our outlook doesn't show is timing and thats a big part of our 2016 plan. Were going to be very careful about the rollout of our CapEx. In the first quarter, we expect to spend less than half of the CapEx we spent in last year's first quarter. The CapEx we do spend will be focused on growth sectors and key customers. And from there we will test the waters. Full year plan is for approximately $1.2 billion of gross CapEx and we have the flexibility to move that number up or down based on the data that we see from our operations.  So now turning to the longer term. Beyond the current market uncertainty, we agree with the industry forecasters that there are multiple years of growth ahead for rental in North America. The latest projection from Global Insight is about 6% annual growth in construction and industrial rentals through at least 2017. And were seeing levels of customer activity to support this view. That point can't be lost when revenue flattens out for reasons I mentioned earlier.  So it's important to note that our actual -- market activity is solid and in many cases trending upward. And our customers are on a whole optimistic. So Ill give you a few examples. Our Southeast region had a strong finish to the year. The activity is coming from mix of sectors, including automotive plants, infrastructure and amusement parks.  On the West Coast, commercial construction is going strong along with renewable. Our Pacific West region has launched some business on a number of solar projects. And more universally, were on large multiyear construction projects in industries ranging from ag business to biotech, to hotels and to sports arenas. The real standouts continue to be our specialty services of Trench Safety and Power & HVAC. For the full year combined these services increased our rental revenue by 21% and a healthy 16% of that revenue increase came from same store.  We will continue to invest in fleet and coal storage for the specialty operations as well as our pump business. Weve been expanding our pump footprint in new geographies and diversifying our customer base beyond upstream oil and gas, and we expect to realize some benefits from these actions in 2016.  Specialty service is an important part of our game plan for value creation. But when I speak to investors one-on-one, I often caution against thinking specialty as a standalone business. Its true these are high margin operations in their own right but their greater value lies in the holistic view of the company and specifically in cross-selling. We cross-sell our specialty services to national accounts to create stickier customer relationships, compete more effectively on major contracts and earn a larger share of the wallet.  In 2015, we generated 22% more revenue from cross-selling versus the prior year, and we believe theres significant more financial benefit to be realized. This is just one area of the business that were operating more effectively. In 2015 we also performed at a record safety level. We became a more technology enabled company. Were even better at change management, and were continuing to invest in improving our rental process and service capabilities. And our employees are incredibly engaged in our company's future. All these are important attributes that matters to customers.  And finally, I want to make a comment about our liquidity. We generated over $900 million of free cash flow in 2015, and we do expect to create about the same or more in 2016. We plan to utilize this cash flow to buy back shares and pay down debt this year. And these are the most prudent uses of our cash at this time. So in closing, I want to emphasize that while 2016 contains some unknowns, were absolutely certain about our ability to manage through any volatility. 2015 didnt always go according to our plan but it was very profitable for us. We executed on our strategy. We showed discipline as an organization. And this year we also showcased our resilience and flexibility we have in adapting to change in order to drive returns. These qualities will serve us well in 2016 when we expect to deal with some ongoing challenges. And they will serve us equally well in the longer term as we benefit from a rental cycle that has still years of growth ahead.  So with that, I will  shifts this over to Bill for the financial results and then after that we will take your questions. Over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good afternoon everyone from me as well. Ill try to add some more color to the key metrics that youve all seen, starting with the revenue picture. Rental revenue in particular  rental revenue was down 3.2% in the quarter this year versus last year, that's about $42 million of revenue decline. The pieces of that really start with re-rent and ancillary. Those two combined were little better than flat, so call it up half a million dollars, the net of those two components. The real driver in the change in the quarter was OER growth. Within that, rental rate down 1.8%, that was about a $21 million decline versus last year.  Our volume increased 0.2%, accounted for about $3 million of improved revenue year-over-year, that's a plus year-over-year. Inflation  CapEx inflation cost us about $19 million, little more than $19 million versus last year and then everything else, mix and all other components aggregated to a decline of about $6 million year-over-year. So those are the key pieces of that $42 million rental revenue drop in the quarter and explains the 3.2% decline from last year.  One other operating measure within that year-over-year rental revenue performance was time utilization, 68.2% for the quarter was down 2.4 percentage points for the quarter. Ill point out that, that does include the impact of Canadian currency translation of the fleet on rent in the volume component.  Speaking of Canadian currency, the impact in the quarter for the currency was very significant. Canadian dollar cost us $22 million versus where we would've been had it stayed flat. So a pretty significant impact in revenue growth for the quarter.  And just one real quick note on the full year rental revenue, $4.949 billion, up 2.7% last year. I'll note that that also included the impact of the currency headwind. Currency in the full year period cost us $78 million versus unchanged currency. So a very significant impact in the full year as well. In fact, if you excluded that, our growth rate would have been as high as 4.3% for full year rental revenue as opposed to the 2.7% that we reported.  On used equipment, we generated $157 million of used proceeds in the quarter, thats basically flat with the prior year and the adjusted gross margin came in at 46.5%. That margin is down from the prior year by about 2% but its still very strong relative to the margin that weve achieved in our long history. And I think that reflects the fact that we've been very focused on driving as much of our used equipment sales activity through our retail channel as we could.  In the quarter, retail accounted for 77% of the proceeds that we realized and thats the highest share through the retail channel that we've achieved in a number of years, probably going back to before the last downturn. So we feel good about the overall used equipment result that we drove in the quarter and in the year and look for the used equipment market to continue with robust pricing and momentum here in the near term as well.  On the profitability front, starting with adjusted EBITDA, it was $744 million in the quarter and came in at a margin of 40, thats a $31 million decline or 70 basis point decline in the margin. The $31 million versus last year is made up as follows. Rental rates cost us about $20 million in EBITDA whereas volume was a positive of about $2 million over last year.  CapEx inflation was about a $14 million reduction versus last year and that used sales margin in dollar terms cost us about $5 million versus the last year. Our usual merit increase impact of about $6 million of reduction in EBITDA came through in the quarter. And then we had the biggest positive in the quarter year over year as weve talked about throughout the year was our reduced incentive compensation accruals, that was a benefit of about $19 million.  Bad debt expense was about $2 million of the headwind versus the prior year and everything else aggregated to $5 million headwind versus the prior year. So those are the key components of the $31 million of EBITDA change in the year.  I will also point out that spread throughout a number of those lines was the impact of currency. It all aggregated to about $8 million of headwind from currency on a year-over-year basis to bring us to that full year  excuse me -- that quarterly number.  For the full year, just real briefly, our adjusted EBITDA of 2.832 billion was an increase of 4.2% and that included an unfavorable currency impact of $29.3 million for the full year, so again currency was a pretty significant impact.  On flow-through. Adjusted EBITDA flow-through for the company finished the year at 86.4%, but I will point out that, that includes the impact of the lower incentive accruals, that was a benefit as well as the impact of the currency change year over year which actually sounds bizarre but it also was a benefit to flow-through as well just given the impact  the separate impacts on revenue and EBITDA. If you exclude both currency and incentive comp, the flow-through calculates out to 65% for the company and that's probably consistent with the roughly 60% that we guide to or guided to for 2015.  Moving to EPS. Adjusted EPS in the quarter was $2.19 and that was essentially flat with the prior year. I will point out, however, that on a year-over-year basis currency was at play [ph] in the adjusted EPS number. It costs us about $0.02 in adjusted EPS.  We also had a significant tax law change that was finalized in the fourth quarter in the state of Connecticut. Lots of detail around that but when you net out the impact of that tax law change, it costs us about $0.06 versus last year. And then Ill also point to the mix shift between the US and Canada. Canada took a smaller share of our income in the fourth quarter and actually indeed [ph] over the full year in 2015. So if that mix shift had not happened, we would've been better by $0.02 as well in the adjusted EPS number. So keep those three things in mind as you think about the quarter EPS.  Same with the full year, $8.02 adjusted EPS for the full year. That was an increase of 16% last year but again that was impacted by the currency impact which in the full year was about 8% of headwind, also the Connecticut tax law change, a portion of which was accounted for in the second quarter tax rate and the remainder was finalized in the fourth quarter. So if you aggregate those impacts in the year, that was about $0.12 of headwind and then the shift in mix between US and Canada cost us about $0.13 for the full year.  On free cash flow, great story here in 2015. $919 million which compares to $557 million in 2014. Obviously the lower rental CapEx was a big part of the positive impact year-over-year but also the higher profitability contributed as well.  Our cash taxes also had an impact. They were lower cash taxes paid and favorable working capital effects were also at play during the year for that $900 million or $919 million of free cash flow.  Rental CapEx, as youve seen already, gross rental CapEx reduced in the quarter by $109 million and that brought the full year total to $1.534 billion, somewhat below $1.6 billion that we've been guiding to, and that rental CapEx was about a $1 billion number for the full year.  On the liquidity front. $1.1 billion of liquidity at the end of the quarter. That included ABL capacity of just over $870 million, and cash on the balance sheet of about $180 million there. So were well-positioned on liquidity as we typically are.  Just a quick note on our share repurchase programs. We completed during the quarter the $750 million repurchase program that we were operating under previously. We bought out the remaining $10 million of that program in the quarter, and then we also began purchases under the new $1 billion authorization and, in fact, completed $111 million against that authorization during the quarter as well. So a total of $122 million of repurchases in the quarter and it put us on the path to executing the new $1 billion program over the course of the next 18 months. We started it in November of last year and so we expect to complete it by the end of April in 2017.  As I pointed out in prior quarter we do need to be mindful as we execute the program of our limitations on share repurchases, in particular, the restricted payment limitations in our debt covenants. However when you aggregate those RFP baskets available to us plus the available cash thats held at the holding company, we have about $500 million worth of available capacity at the end of December in order to execute share repurchases. So we feel that were well-positioned to be able to manage the program on a prudent timely basis as we go through the year.  Return on invested capital in the year, just to touch that real briefly, was 8.8%, and that number was essentially flat compared to 2014.  Let me finish just by addressing our outlook really briefly. Youve all seen the numbers that we put out. Id just point out that as Michael mentioned, we have a somewhat wider range around the midpoint of our guidance for revenue, EBITDA and indeed, weve instituted a range for our view on rental rates. That wider range represents truly our view of the uncertainty that were managing through right here now. And we put the wider range there to give us a little bit more flexibility in responding to whatever the environment hands to as we go throughout 2016. In particular, the range on rental rate, the minus 1% rental rate, top end of that range reflects our carryover  our carryover from 2015 is essentially 1%. And so as we go through 2016 in order to achieve the 1% decline, the top end of the range would require us to have some slight increases during the peak season on a monthly sequential basis, which we think is a reasonable -- reasonable outlook. To get to the 2% would require essentially flat monthly sequentials during the peak season. The time realization improvements 70 basis points is also we believe very reasonable given the approach that were taking to our management of the CapEx spend. $1.2 billion of gross capital, netting down to about $700 million after used proceeds, we think again is a great way for us to approach the environment that were managing through right now. If we do that, that will net out to that $900 million to $1 billion of free cash flow that you see in our guidance, very very comfortably.  So those are the key things that I wanted to offer as prepared comments before I open the  ask the operator to open the call for Q&A. Ill just reiterate some of the comments that Michael made. Caution and flexibility are two of the key watchwords as we think about 2016 and were going to make sure that we continue to evaluate the environment very carefully and make decisions about what to do in response in a very prudent way. I think you can count on that and certainly look forward to talking all of you as we go forward throughout the year in managing the business. So with that, I'll ask the operator to open the call for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase : So I am going to ask question about free cash flow allocation. So I think you guys said that you have $500 million available from the buyback -- for the buyback into 16, but generating $900 million to $1 billion of free cash flow. I am just curious about the potential for debt paydown, what you guys are looking at for 16?
Michael Kneeland: Sure, Nicole. I think its fair to say that were thinking any free cash flow in excess of the share repurchase program that weve talked about will go to debt paydown. So weve still got the view that the share repurchase program we want to execute over the 18 month period, that averages out to something like $165 million a quarter or so. And that would eat up about $700 million of free cash flow if we did it on that pace. So the remainder of the free cash flow we would use to pay down debt, that is our baseline view of the best use of the cash flow given our outlook for the market and the opportunities that are in front of us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI Group.
David Raso : My question relates to the free cash flow beyond 2016, just we all can have our own views of the length of the cycle. But just thinking about your maintenance CapEx levels, it appears the 2016 CapEx is getting down toward maintenance levels already and then we have cash taxes going up in 17 as well. So can you help us a little bit with that lever that we usually have to pull or things do go awry economically in 17 or 18, you usually have a pretty good lever on pulling the CapEx down. So given were already down in maintenance levels, can you just walk us through where we could see CapEx get cut beyond 16 in case the need arises? I am just trying to understand the dynamics there.
William Plummer: So maybe I will start and Mike and Matt, you guys can chime in. The maintenance level for maintaining fleet size and age is probably in that 1.1 billion kind of area these days. And so that certainly is one view of maintenance and one view of where we could go to if things are softening up. But I would argue that there is no need to replace the units that we have, if our view became that we truly were headed for a downturn. And so I would argue that we could be even more aggressive than that and be a sub a billion in total CapEx if a downturn started to develop. So how far below a billion, I think wed have to -- we have to discuss that in more depth before we gave an answer to that. But could we carve another couple hundred, 300 million out of the $1.2 billion that were spending this year? Yes, I think so. 
Michael Kneeland: Hey David, I would just say that $200 million of that growth capital is really going to or the growth capital we have is going to our specialty business. So if things were to turn south as you described we would obviously pair that back and as Bill mentioned, it's not unusual for us to ratchet back given the maintenance CapEx going forward if we had to. 
David Raso : And I know it's relatively early in a quarter. But can you give us a bit of an update  if you said that earlier, I apologize, I missed it. But how the year started when it comes to sequential trends, I mean, usually January is not a strong great month, but just given the way the year ended, how are rates trending sequentially and year-over-year relative to the full year guidance?
William Plummer: So we won't characterize it with a number but I'd say that that rates are trending as we expected. By the way Id say the same thing for OEC on rent in the early part of the year here, even including the impact of the currency. OEC on rent is trending at what we expected and that's consistent with the rates ending up in the range of guidance that weve given. So thats as far as we will go on that one right here now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace : Bill, maybe as a follow-on to that last comment today. I was wondering if we could just decompose kind of rate dynamics, in the fourth quarter and broadly on 15 and then relate them to expectations on 16. Just wondering if we can talk about rate in Canada versus the US, talk about rates in kind of more heavily exposed energy markets versus non -- and then construction versus industrial, just so we can get a sense for what that interplay was last year and how we should think about those dynamics in the current year?
William Plummer: During -- guys help me out. I will start here. And so regards how rates finished out the 15, I think it's fair to characterize it as they finished weaker than we expected. Weve given the sequential months there at minus 10 basis points for October, minus 50 November and minus 50 in December as well. And remember, weve told you that we expected seasonal to maybe slightly -- seasonal declines in that fourth quarter, right? I think it came a little weaker than what we thought. And Canada was certainly a part of that. As a result, the carryover that we brought into 16 starts at a lower point and were watching very carefully how rates develop from here. And to our point earlier, that's going to be the watchword for the entire year.  Canada, I dont know if you guys want to handle the Canada notion but Canada did have a fairly sharp decline in the fourth quarter  sharper than we expected when we talked to you at the third quarter call, and were watching that very carefully and thinking very very aggressively about what do we do in response, right? What are the drivers? Is it something that we can address and if not, what can we do in response? So thats how were thinking about Canada and honestly thinking about the whole business as we come early end of the year. Matt, Michael, you guys want to add anything?
Matt Flannery: No, Ted, I think Bill captured it well. I would just say -- if the team up in Western Canada is really fighting it hard, specifically in Alberta and theyre continuing to take the actions necessary to adjust their fleet appropriately and they cannot run the macro environment there and were going to adjust appropriately and now well get some growth capital to the lower 48. 
Ted Grace : Maybe ask a little differently, rates being down 180 basis points in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk a dispersion like  on a relative basis that  what did Canada do versus, call it, Texas in the Gulf Coast, the stronger reasons like West and the South. I think what people are really trying to understand is if you look at down 10, down 50, down 50, as the monthly progression, how broad-based was that the sequential degradations?
Matt Flannery: Ted, I think you could say it was spotty and you could imagine the places where they had more challenges. So if you think of the relative rate we've enjoyed in the past, Western Canada and anywhere where were doing shale drilling was the highest relative rate. So in markets where that was dramatically impacted mostly in Western Canada than any other single end market, you saw large rate decline. So we saw rate declines in Western Canada in Q4 of over 6%. So that would be the highest that you would see. But as you can imagine losing your highest rate business in Texas or in North Dakota or in Western Pennsylvania, Ohio, right, up in the Marcellus Shale, those were the ones that has a bigger decline and then you had positives in markets on the coast where non-res was really carrying the ball for us and they were able to do well on some of the projects, Mike referenced in his opening remarks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Brandon Jaffe: Hey good afternoon. This is actually Brandon Jaffe on behalf of Jerry. Can you please provide some commentary on what you're seeing out of your industrial customers? Are you seeing any difference in activity from refiners, manufacturers or chemicals companies?
Matt Flannery: So Brandon, this is Matt. I think that were still seeing growth and solid steady business from our chemical and also in our downstream oil and gas customers. But were also seeing pressure from those that have a more significant holdings in any kind of exploratory or upstream oil. So I think that's predictable but when you look at -- what we count in our industry, you have to recall in our industrial and other we also put in our infrastructure. And we see some growth opportunities there. We see some growth opportunities in manufacturing and then above all of that, I know you specifically asked about industrial but we continue to see growth opportunities in non-res. So you'll see Global Insight say the industrial has got 5% growth opportunity and you'll see reports that were in an industrial recession. I would say were experiencing somewhere in the middle of that pack and thats what were seeing in our business and what were hearing from our customers.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I would only add that if you take a look at our investor deck, it has industrial outlook for the US and outlook for Canada, and its really a story of two different worlds. But theyre going to grow. And its not so much capital projects, its also maintenance and so thats why they go through spending and look how the industrial is forecasted for 2016. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea : I'm just trying to understand a little bit more in terms of how things unfolded over the quarter. I think as of a quarter ago, you were anticipating a quarter of a point to a third of a point of carryover headwind and now thats a full point, in terms of the experience youve had with customers, I mean you talked about no surprise where the weak areas are. But was it really just a function of customers coming back and pushing for those price concessions, or was it more a matter of increased competition that whereas we had expected a lot of fleet would've been moved but still excess supply, and you still see that competition pushing rates down?
Matt Flannery: Joe, this is Matt. I would say that the concession part of the equation happened earlier in the year mostly in upstream and Western Canada, there are not really any concessions out of that side. But I think the growth opportunity from an OEC on rent perspective tempered any kind of rate improvement that we would get and we certainly had to partner up and defend some strong relationships here and there on national account base. But I wouldn't point to it as a concession driven situation. The fact of the one point carryover is really a function of what Bill stated what Q4 sequentials look like. When you have 0.5 negative in both November and December that made the full year carryover of a full point negative. So when you look at our range of 1 to 2 wed have to be flat for the full year of 16 to achieve that one and thats where were driving towards, and if there is more there, we will take whatever opportunities we can get. And Mike said it earlier that rate discipline is a key lever for the industry as well as for us.
Michael Kneeland: I would only add two things. One, which is -- in the fourth quarter is where we saw a significant drop off in Canada that impacted our carryover as well. Thats number one. Number two, to answer your question, at last year we talked about the supply and demand imbalance and with oil -- and then as the fleet additions coming in, its not unusual to see some pricing pressure. And as we went through the fourth and first quarter, Ive always told a lot of investors that, this will be the challenge, this is the challenge that we have, simply because we dont have oil like we've had over the last five years. So its more seasonal trend, more non-res trend and what gives me a lot of comfort is I am seeing the trend where the absorption is coming through in the fourth quarter, with Rouse and some of the data points they had. And the other one is the declines were seeing in OEMs on their book of business tells me that we think this is a prudent decision-making. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC.
Seth Weber : I just want to follow up on a couple earlier questions. I think the first one on the potential levers to pull. I think you guys  youve got $40 million or $50 million through your efficiency program so far. I mean are there actual measures that you can take from a cost-cutting perspective other than cutting fleet, I mean branch closures -- any other, more on the expense initiative side that you guys have considered. I didnt  havent really heard any talk about that so far.
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. We certainly are looking at opportunities to help address any shortfall should it develop as we go through the year. We have taken some actions. You saw in the quarter that we took a restructuring charge in the quarter as we restructured some of our organizations in the last couple of months. We are looking for other opportunities that might make sense should the environment deteriorate from where we are. Those actions come across a wide variety of our operations. And so weve got our usual lean initiatives that weve been talking about for a couple of years now, and those initiatives really resulted in a run rate of savings at the end of the year of about $53 million. We still are targeting getting that run rate up to $200 million by the end of this year. So there are lots of other actions that were going to continue to look at. Right here and now we don't have a notion of branch closures. Right here now we dont have a notion of large headcount reductions but those are questions that were going to continue to evaluate as we go forward. And we think thats the prudent way to get at it. In the meantime there are some specific things that we are already doing that we think we can double down on to help drive that run rate of cost saves higher and help realize some of those cost saves in the current year.  So those are the things that were focused on right here now. We continue to evaluate to see whatever actions we might need to add to the list that we already have. 
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add to that is  this is a very seasoned team and we have done this before, if need be, weve got the experience -- not only through economic downturns but also in achieving synergies when your  during your mergers. So I have high respect for the team and what they are capable of doing. And as Bill mentioned, were not thinking about it now but we are more than capable of making adjustments as they come. 
Seth Weber : And then just circling back on the oil discussion, can you update us on what you think your direct oil exposure is today and whether you're still  whether you think you need to continue to move fleet around, I think you had a target of $200 million for 2015. Is there an estimate for 2016 or do you feel like that were kind of near the bottom on the oil and gas, the weakness, youre starting to anniversary that soon?
Matt Flannery: Yes, Seth, this is Matt. So we had talked about at the end of the third quarter as far as fleet movement that we were down to about 30 million, 35 million of seasonal items and we pointed the heat and light towers and I would say other than the heat, be in a little bit light we still may have another 10 million, 12 million of excess heat right now in the oil and gas that we havent repositioned because the demand hasnt been there. Were pretty much through the oil and gas movement. The exposure now in the upstream is down to 4%, down from 6% a year and a half ago when we started tracking this. So our exposure is certainly less and if we end up getting a little bit more of a dip than where the baseline is today, I don't -- certainly don't think it's anything that wed have to call out in large fleet movement, it would be like any other end market that ebbs and flows that we had to move fleet out.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add to that is the fact that, look, we expect continued weakness in oil and gas, particularly in the upstream. And more importantly Canada -- my opening comments I think the issues there will likely persist with a very meek GDP growth that were going to have for 2016. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher : It sounds like you guys are still pretty committed to buying back stock these levels, which I understand simply because stock is down  do you still believe youd ever get opportunity ahead of you but if how are you weighing the possibility to reduce debt as the cycle moves. I guess, as a follow on, what would you have to see in order to start being more being aggressive and in paying down debt.
William Plummer: So we are as I said my prepared comments we are still on the pace that we talked about for the share repurchase and we think that that's appropriate given our baseline view that says that the cycle still has room to run. We believe there will be growth in construction in 2016. We believe that there is likely growth in construction in 2017 and on that basis, we think that the cash flow is going to remain robust and we can still execute that share repurchase to pay down some debt and end up in a better place. What would have to be true in order to change that point of you is I think we would have to come with different conclusion about how long the cycle has to run. I realized that there is a reasonable position that says, hey, Bill 16 and 17 are not looking good right now, so you should change your view right now. We haven't gotten to that point.  The good news is that weve got the capability, were executing the program on a steady pace over time. Now weve got capability to pull it back if we do change our view based on the experience that we have in the marketplace. If the first several months of the year come in weaker than we expect right now, then were going to have to rethink that approach to the share repurchase and debt-paydown. And that's how were approaching it right. This is part of the notion of flexibility, we set up a point of view. We established a plan based on that point of view but then we keep our head on a swivel as they say and keep asking ourselves: is it still right? Is it still right? And at the point where we can convince ourselves that it's not, then its time to something different and that might include paying down more debt and buying back less share. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I would just add that, capital allocation for us is very important, its also ore discussion that we have quite frequently. And those write, how we see the world, I guess the point I would make is were approaching the world and this year cautiously, with our capital, with our CapEx and we will kind of see how things unfold and we will make adjustments and changes if need be. But right here and now we spend -- we frequently spend -- of these either monthly or at least once a quarter with the various of industry experts. Scott with the Global Insight, McGraw Hill and other industry experts to try to gauge the marketplace and try to understand what they see. And that forms our decision -- as part of our decision process. 
Steven Fisher : So it sounds like, just to paraphrase that, you believe that debt reduction is really the downturn tool and capital discipline is really your up-cycle tool for not for letting the debt get too far, the levers can go out of control, is that the way to sort of paraphrase it?
William Plummer: Yes, I think thats fair. Obviously the capital control and the cash flow it drives links to the amount of cash flow that's available for debt reduction or share repurchase. And we have to manage and balance all of that as we go forward. And I think its a high-class problem to have to be able to say, oh, were buying back shares and were paying down some debt. But maybe the mix isnt right. It's great to be in a position where you can do both and that's the approach that weve been taking, and weve been talking to you about for a number of years. So thats a great position to be in. Now weve just got to come to a view about whats the right mix. We have a view that says 700  250, to use the midpoint of the cash flow -- is the view that we want to manage to right here now. So let's go forward and see if anything comes along to convince that, that's not the right view.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer from Barclays. 
Robert Wertheimer : If I can do a two for  is there any flexibility to move fleet from Canada to the US, or you just under spend if that market sort of semi-structurally declines? And then second, just to ask a question, maybe there are bunch of us a little more bluntly. Have you been able to benchmark more on a branch by branch basis against major competitors to see if you have any competitive issues versus just mix issues that youve been talking about for a long time on rate and utilization?
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Robert. This is Matt. So we are absolutely going to move fleet out of Canada. The first lever that we pull as we discussed before is to sell any excess fleet, thats outside of its real useful life and were being very aggressive doing that as we speak right now here in the first quarter. The next lever would be to go through our normal retail channels and target, and maybe itd be some special values and to move some of that fleet. And then the third value -- lever would be to move it and theres some more complexity about moving it out of Canada than there would be if it was internal but not enough that we can't get over through most of our assets. I think the first two levers are going to be enough to adjust the fleet to where it needs to be but if we have to go further we are capable of doing it. And we absolutely are doing it today. 
Michael Kneeland: Your question around what kind of metrics and add down to the granular level of a branch on where we stand amongst our peers is something that we utilize routes for, its not by branch, its by market. Its a rearview mirror of 90 days but it is a useful tool that we use to help judge us in our process. We didn't have that years ago, it's relatively new, it represents about 40% of the market or somewhere around there, and we pushed that down, all the way down to the district level, which is kind of how they measure our markets. 
Robert Wertheimer : And the outcome  I mean you feel confident, you talked about it, I understand that, at a high level. You feel confident that you are in a district level, let's say, or regional level that it's more mix than competitive slippage? Well, I know you're saying it better than [mass] overall. I get that. I guess I'm just thinking of larger competitors. 
Michael Kneeland: It only measures you against your peer group. It doesnt give you specific people. And so its a very general tool of measurement and its the best measurement we have because we all report electronically  the electronic feeds nightly to the Rouse report. So look, on balance, we are doing very well. Is there opportunities? Absolutely. And those are things that we pick up on, that helps the way in which we manage to become a better company. So that's why we subscribe to it and we use it  were actually utilizing it as a tool. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger : Hey, guys, good afternoon. I'm going to go little bit off here and a question on rent versus buy. On your three biggest general rent categories aerial, earthmoving and reach forks, where would you say we are in the rent versus buy percentage? And then also, if you would address it in your specialty category as well? 
Michael Kneeland: Thats a loaded question but I would tell you that from an aerial perspective I would  Matt, correct me, its probably in the high 90s goes through the rental channel. There is not a real distribution network to speak of. With regards to earthmoving, I think it's probably and theres reports out there, so I may get a little bit wrong but its somewhere either 50:50 or 60:40 or one way or the other. But earthmoving is predominantly still owned, as in comparison to a lot of the rental assets.  With regards to our specialty, think of specialty as not just the product, its really the solution. Were trying to solve problems whether it be pump, how much fluid, what kind of distance, what type of fluid, whats the velocity do you need and how often does it need to be recurring, singles for power, there's various sizes, and then also with HVAC whether its industrial cooling or whether it's something that you're doing for just air-conditioning. Each one is more of a solution than it is just the asset. 
Matt Flannery: Yes, I think Mike hit it very well. Trench, would add with trench -- the only one he didnt touch on would be we really got secular penetration against non-compliance which is a great end market sell-in to grow that pie. So I agree wholeheartedly. 
William Plummer: Scott, I interpret -- I heard your question as being what the guys answered. But I also heard your question as being  has the rent versus buy decision dynamic changed in any fundamental way? And my view would be no, it hasnt. There is still I think a pretty powerful argument for rental versus purchase across all of those cat classes that you mentioned. And we believe that that's going to continue to be the case going forward. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, and on that point, the OEMs were seeing their distribution network add more to their rental fleet. So rentals become more of a viable channel. 
Operator: Thank you. And due to time constraints, our next question is our final question from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Ross Gilardi : Thanks, guys, good afternoon. Thanks for squeezing me in. Michael, I just want to ask you, I mean your number one competitor seems pretty insistent out there publicly that things are great in the rental space and that nothing is even remotely changed outside of the oil and gas space. They are clearly taking a much different stance on capital spending than United Rentals and I'm just wondering, is that one of the reasons why the pricing environment still hasn't really firmed up, or is the pressure on rate coming from elsewhere? And how willing are you to cede market share to them if they continue to keep their foot on the accelerator? 
Michael Kneeland: Well, look, everyone's got different strategies. So we have ours about value creation and that's what were going to stick to. I have mentioned about the fleet imbalance, thats the data that comes out of Rouse in comparison to the growth of the industry. We can peek in different markets as well and we have more of an industrial non-construction related than others. We also have a more geographic footprint, like I mentioned in Canada which also has an impact. And so I think that each one has their own strategy but the industry has its own challenges and I can only speak to what were going to do and how were going to approach it. 
Ross Gilardi : But in terms of the pricing pressure that is out there, do you think it's -- is it coming from Sunbelt or is it coming from the smaller players who are the ones that are really saddled with more of the over capacity right now? 
Matt Flannery: Ross, this is Matt. I wont speak individually to any one competitor but because we don't have visibility to what their baseline is and what their price levels are. But all I would say is when you look at the Rouse data which is industry average, so lets say just looking at 6% or 7% of the market, looking at a third to 40% of the market, its very clear that there was too much fleet early on, time utilization was impacted and you can make the inference that that impacts rate growth in each individual market.  As far as the smaller regional players, if you are in some of the markets where were seeing great growth on the coast, I am sure we have small regional players that are seeing great growth as well. So it's really spotty as far as where you are on the map. And I think that's why you will hear different versions of what people are enjoying. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Great. Well thank you all for coming and joining us. We actually shifted to an hour later to accommodate everybody and I hope weve given you visibility in 2016 and the flexibility we have to address any changes in our operating environment. As always, please be sure you download and update our investor presentations. Its rich with a lot of material. We also have a new corporate responsibility report on our website and always feel free to reach out to Fred here in Stanford any time to set up a call, or a potential visit. So operator, you can end the call. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - President and CEO William Plummer - EVP and CFO Matt Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Justin Jordan  Jefferies Bernan Jack - Goldman Sachs Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer George Tong - Piper Jaffray Steven Fisher - UBS Nic Coppola - Thompson Research Joe Box - KeyBanc
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Rentals' Third Quarter 2015 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning everyone and welcome. I want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. I'm going to use some of the time today to share how were thinking about the opportunities in 2016. But first let's start with the results that we reported last night. As you saw from our press release, there is mix dynamics in the quarter as well as some strong positive. Our revenue was up just slightly year-over-year but we made the most of every dollar and delivered substantial profitability. In fact, it was a record quarter for us with adjusted EPS of $2.57 per diluted share. And an adjusted EBITDA margin of over 50%. This is the Company record not only for the third quarter but for every quarter on our history. In addition, our Trench Safety and Power & HVAC businesses' had stellar results. And our nine months free cash flow stands at robust $508 million. So there is a lot to like about the quarter and as you saw last night we reaffirmed our outlook for 2015. But we also dealt with some ongoing challenges to our topline most notably upstream oil and gas and a weak Canadian economy with a negative impact on FX. In addition there is a still an oversupply of fleet in our industry and these three dynamics taken together have put pressure on rates and utilization. This all unfolded pretty much as we expected and were running the business with great cost discipline in this environment. And as the number show, we stay true to our strategy by taking a balanced approach in a competitive market environment. That's what our focus is today and that's what it will be as we can continue to be in 2016. Well issue our outlook in January as usual, but I think it's valuable to start that dialog now. So before Bill goes through the quarter, I like to give you some insights and for the current marking condition and our perspective on the coming year. First, while our industry grew steadily through 2015, the demand for equipment rental in North America is far from hitting its peak. In the third quarter we once again increased our volume of equipment in our rent and while time utilization eased year-over-year, it was still a healthy 70%. About half of our regions had year-over-year rental revenue growth in the quarter. Our Mid-Atlantic region was particularly strong with double digit growth. Activities in this regions anchored by large manufacturing plants under construction in South Carolina and Tennessee, as well as data center work in solar farms. Industrial activity remains strong with year-over-year growth and an attractive pipeline project. Our utilization in industrial has been in the mid-70s for the past four to five weeks. Now looking at our specialty businesses, our two largest lines, Trench Safety and Power & HVAC trench both had an exceptional quarter. Trench generated year-over-year revenue growth of more than 16% and Power & HVAC delivered 20% growth. These increases were primarily driven by same-store growth which is another indicator of demand. All of our specialty businesses benefited from Greenfield expansion this year. To date in 2015, we have opened a total of 15 new specialty branches in trench, power, pump and tools and another three are in construction. In our pump network, we are pursuing a penetration strategy with new and existing verticals. Many of our pump cold starts in 2016 will be co-located with the existing branches where customer relationships can leverage for cross-selling and if we have good success in developing a customer base for pump and verticals that deal with the exposure of upstream oil and gas. The business is now shifted to less than 50% of upstream and is growing in other areas. Another positive indicator of demand is the performance of our national accounts which showed a year-over-year revenue increase in the quarter. And we have had good success in selling to high growth verticals to just chemical processing, power and multi-family residential construction. National and strategic accounts are driving some of this business but these verticals are also benefiting from a broader customer base. So those are some of our observations in the quarter and we expect the remaining months of the year to play out with a typical seasonality. Now looking forward, our industry is in a very good place. Forecasters such as Global Insight, Dodge and other see multiple years of up-cycle ahead. A number of factors are working in our favor. For example, a fair amount of U.S. construction growth is being driven by large multi-year projects with price tags of 50 million or higher and this is in an area where our scale really works to our advantage. In the U.S., spending on plant maintenance project is ticking upwards which adds to industrial demand and industrial spend in Canada is forecasted to begin a modest but steady recovery starting in 2016. This is all very positive but the disconnect between demand and revenue of course is supply. And as I mentioned earlier, we believe that our industry has continued to fleet up slightly ahead of demand in anticipation of a long cycle ahead.  For our part, we can control which is quite a lot. We can adjust our CapEx, up or down in real time. We can manage our used equipment sales together with CapEx for optimal fleet size. We can adjust the timing of our spend and we can move ideal fleet to areas of higher demand. In addition, we can continue to drive cross-sell and invest in our sales force. And we will be even more stringent on cost controls and take any number of other actions. We'll be making decisions against an industry backdrop that continues to look very positive. We expect to benefit from the growth and demand for at least the next several years driven by construction and industrial activity and secular shift towards rental. And as far as withstanding any headwinds, we are looking at 2016 as a clean slate with every option on the table including the timing and the amount of capital spend. We already know that we will spend significantly less CapEx in the first quarter of 2016 than in Q1 of this year. And we will be watching demand very closely and we will make sure we continue to meet our customer needs as the year unfolds. In our opinion, the best way to grow the business is to go in the year with a strong understanding of the market but with no pre-conceive notions as operators. Our goal is and always has been to drive higher returns and we have a tremendous flexibility in the path we take to meet that goal. So with that, I'll ask Bill to go over the financial results and then we'll take your questions. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike, and good morning to everyone. As has been our custom, Ill try to add some color to the information that was released last night and to Mike's comments and also leave plenty of time for questions if we don't get to something that youre interested in. So starting with rental revenue, within rental revenue - rental revenue grew overall 0.8% year-over-year. Its about $11 million of increase versus last year. Within that we had rerenting ancillary items this year essentially flat to last year. So no contribution to grow from rerenting ancillary combined or individually.  It was all about OER growth and that was driven by the rental rate experience that we posted last night, rates being down at 0.10% of a percent year of year. That cost us about $1.5 million of year-over-year rental revenue. Our volume growth was still solid 2.4% volume growth, that's growth in what we see on rent and that translates into about $29 million worth of year-over-year revenue increase. Replacement CapEx inflation was about 1.7 percentage point headwind. Good for just under $20 million of year-over-year revenue decline as an offset to the volume increase. And then everything else we are calling mixed and other was an increase of about 0.3% or about $3.1 million year-over-year and that includes the mix of our business as well as a little bit of FX. Most of FX shows up in the volume measure in this way of breaking things down but a little bit drops down into that mix and other line.  Speaking of FX, we continue to have headwinds from the Canadian currency being down materially. It was down about 17% in the quarter compared to last year and that was worth about $26 million of revenue decline year-over-year sprinkled amongst the other components that I already mentioned. If you took out CapEx from the quarter, our rental revenue growth would have been 2.8% and certainly more in line with what weve seen in terms of fleet growth and the other components. So those are the comments that offer regarding rental revenue. Just to touch a little bit more on some of the operating measures, time utilization in the quarter finished at 70%, and as I said that reflected rental - fleet on rent growth of about 2.4% year-over-year. $6.27 billion was our average fleet on rent during the quarter. That 70% utilization was down a 150 basis points versus last year comparable to the decline that we saw back in the second quarter, maybe a touch more. That's clearly an area of focus for us as we go through the fourth quarter and into next year and certainly you'll hear us talk more about focusing on driving that utilization improvement wherever we can. For used equipment, solid quarter for used equipment sales in the quarter, $142 million in the quarter. Thats basically flat with third quarter of last year. And an adjusted growth margin of 44%. That's down about three percentage points from last year. The primary driver of that decline is the mix of channels that we used. We sold about 52% of our used equipment in the retail channel and we did a little bit more in auctions than we have been doing historically and certainly more than we did last year in selling used equipment in the quarter. So, that combination was the primary driver for the margin decline year-over-year. The auction increased, I wouldn't go too far with that. We used about 12% of our sales through auction in the quarter that compares to something like four or five last year and its consistent with our focus on making sure that we dispose the fleet that we need to dispose of during the course of 2015. Moving on the profitability. Adjusted EBITDA was $780 million in the quarter and very importantly as Mike said 50.3% margin to be precise. That represents about $19 million of improvement over last year at a margin improvement of 100 basis points. To break down that year-over-year increase of $19 million, we saw rental rates as a headwind in its contribution to EBITDA of about a $1 million. Volume, that volume revenue drove about $20 million worth of volume impacted EBITDA. The full year inflation headwind there was 14 million against that and the margin decline that I called that earlier in used sales cost us about $4 million year-over-year. The impact of our merit increases, we've been calling that out as about $6 million per quarter. It's again 6 million in this quarter and the two big positives in the quarter this year were the incentive compensation adjustment that weve made in the third quarter this year as incentive programs have come down  our accrual incentive programs have come down reflecting the somewhat  while the weaker performance than what we had in our original plan. So that was worth about $13 million of year-over-year improvement. We also had a mix and other improvement of about $11 million and that came from a variety of cost save items that Mike referred to. In our cost of rentals, we had nice performance in delivery cost during the quarter. Some wage and benefit saves during the quarter and some puts and takes elsewhere that overall resulted in a very nice cost of rentals performance. And on top of that, we also had a nice SG&A performance in the quarter with SG&A lines like TV expense, professional fees, little bit of improvement in bad debt expense of adding up to a nice contribution there. So, all-in-all, it was a pretty good quarter on the cost front and when you add those two benefits of incentive cost decline and mix and other gets add up to the overall $19 million of EBITDA improvement that we saw versus third quarter last year. Currency is sprinkled throughout those different lines of EBITDA bridge as well. Currency had an unfavorable impact of about $8 million when youre talking about EBITDA in the quarter. So, it continues to be a material headwind. Flow through in the quarter, it's hard to even say some of these numbers sometimes but flow through in the quarter was very high. 317% for that quarter and obviously its a very sensitive calculation driven by the fact that we had a fairly small denominator in the year-over-year change in total revenue. So that 317% was heavily benefited by the incentive compensation accrual adjustments. If you take that out in the quarter, flow through would had been 86%. Still pretty robust and therefore reflecting some of the other cost saves that we had. But as we said all along, you shouldnt look at flow through in a one quarter lens, you should think about it longer term. If you look at our year-to-date flow through, the total number including the incentive comp adjustments that weve made is 84%, still pretty high. If you take out the adjustment incentive comp, year-to-date flow through would be about 62% and thats very much in line with roughly 60% that weve been guiding to. So good flow through story for the quarter. Just real quickly on EPS. As Mike mentioned $2.57 adjusted EPS for the quarter was a company record. Thats up 17% over EPS in the comparable quarter and that Ill remind you includes the effect of the currency headwind. Currency cost us about $0.05 per share in this $2.57 EPS quarter. So, continue to deliver a nice result at EPS, even with the various impacts that were talking about. Moving on to free cash flow. Year-to-date we generated $511 million of free cash flow. Once you exclude the $3 million impact of merger related payments which is the way we talk about it. That compares to $328 million on the same basis in the first nine months of last year and we continue to feel very comfortable with our free cash flow view for the full year. The primary drivers of the free cash flow result this quarter were the better EBITDA performance, a little bit less CapEx than the year-to-date period last year and a little bit better interest expense - cash interest expense in the year-to-date period as well. Gross rental CapEx just to mention that for the third quarter was $409 million and that brings the full year-to-date period of CapEx spend to $1.4 billion. Actually the actual numbers was $1.425  Net rental CapEx for the third quarter was $268 million and that brought the full year-to-date net rental CapEx number to a $1 billion. Moving on quickly to our capital structure and little bit on liquidity. At the end of the quarter, we had liquidity of just over $800 million. That included ABL capacity of about $620 million and a roughly $170 million of cash on the balance sheet. So we feel that we are well positioned with regard to liquidity. A real quick update on the share repurchase program. We continue to execute purchases under the $750 million authorization. In the quarter, we bought back $167 million and that brings the total against this program at quarter end to $740 million, leaving $10 million to complete during the course of the fourth quarter. We do believe we will finish that in the fourth quarter and as weve said before the new billion dollar authorization that we have from the board, we will commence buying on right after we complete the existing 750 program. Our thinking now is that the billion dollar program, we will execute on a fairly steady basis and as we called out before, we expect to complete that program over 18 months once we start it. Last quarter I did remind you - mentioned to you all that we need to be mindful of limitations on the amount of share repurchases that we can do under our debt covenants. I will just update you there as we have said at the end of the quarter, we had roughly $500 million of available capacity for repurchasing shares or other restricted transactions. That includes restricted payment baskets in our debt facilities, as well as the cash capacity that we have up at the holding company level of URI. Just real briefly on ROI fees for the quarter, 8.9% in the third quarter. That's trailing 12 month number as you all know. And thats up 50 basis points compared to the same period of last year and flat with where we were at the second quarter of this year. Not going to spend much time on the outlook because we didn't change anything in the outlook. So, certainly the numbers remain operative there. Certainly, if you have any questions about the outlook, we can address them in Q&A. So, Ill stop there with my comments and again welcome any questions on the things that I didnt touch on or more detail on things that I did. But just want to echo the commentary that you heard from Michael and the results in the quarter we feel very good about. Certainly the profitability, certainly the margin and we feel like we are on the right track in dealing with the environment that we are in and we certainly are thinking very much about how we finish out the year strong and have good momentum going into 2016. So, with that, Ill ask the Operator to open up the call for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna. Your question please.
Tim Robinson: Good morning, guys. This is Tim Robinson on the line for Ted. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, I was hoping you could help me understand how your replacement CapEx remains at 1.1 billion squared up with your largest supplier comments about lower replacement demand next year. I was just wondering if there is an opportunity for CapEx to be adjusted down in 2016 without actually impacting your strategic growth. And secondly, I was hoping to get your thoughts on the pros and cons of aging your fleet next year as a strategy to maintain discipline on CapEx while supporting growth. Thanks
Matt Flannery: So, maybe I'll start and you guys can chime in. I won't offer any commentary on the OEMs view of what next years order pattern will look like but the billion one of replacement CapEx for us is the calculation of what it would take in order to just replace the units that we would be selling as used and so its a pretty straightforward mathematical calculation. We make a separate decision every year about how much we will actually replace and that is driven by where the fleet stands versus what we calculate as its rental useful life, as well as how the used sales strategy fits in with our overall fleet management strategy. And those are the things that are going to drive how much we actually sell as used. What that means to the OEMs, I'll let them comment on. The one thing I will point out that we do - obviously we feel the impact of prior year's purchasing patterns on any given year's rental use for life, and so we'll certainly be monitoring that dynamic as we go forward. But again I'll let the OEMs commentary stand at their own commentary.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I'll just add, this is Mike by the way. As I stated, we have no preconceived notions. We have an open thought on how we look at next year and the years beyond. I think what you pointed out is that there is flexibility, and we will exercise our flexibility as we go forward. Right now we're in the midst of our budget process, it's a ground up and that process is underway and then we'll have that discussion with our Board and come forward in January. But you laid out a scenario, various scenarios, but it really points out to the flexibility that we have.
Tim Robinson: Okay. Thanks guys. Best of luck next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Good morning guys. I guess, first the clarification. Is it possible to frame how much the incentive comp will help for the whole year this year and then does that become a headwind next year and if so, are you still targeting at 60% pull through margin next year, is that still the right way to think about it given the rate set up in the next year? That's just a clarification to start, thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. So, the incentive comp impact $13 million in the third quarter, somebody's going to have to get me what we called out was $12 million in second quarter, and that's really where the adjustment started. So, year-to-date it's $25 million and as a modeling starting point there probably wouldn't be far off to say that we get something like the $13 million in the fourth quarter as well. So, those are the impacts. The question is - your question about whether it reverses next year. It certainly will reverse out, at least we hope it will reverse out next year as we perform closer to what we ultimately plan for next year, it won't be a full reversal though because remember last year we accrued to a very high payout level for our program, almost maxed out. This year we're accruing to a below target payout level. So, to normalize next year back is something like target which is how we would model and plan around next year. The snapback won't be quite as dramatic as the benefit year-over-year that we've seen so far this year. So, I think those are the thoughts that I would offer. What's the another part of your question that I 
Seth Weber: Just as a tack on to that clarification, is the 60% pull through margin given the rate dynamics and some of these puts and takes is 60% still the right pull through margin to think about for next year?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's the way we're thinking about it Seth, right here now. And certainly if there is a significant impact from the snapback of the incentive comp, we would call out what that impact was next year just as we did just now. But as you think about the rest of the business, 60% we feel is a good way to think about pull through next year.
Seth Weber: Okay, thanks. And then just my real question is on - just trying to get my arms around the oil and gas discussion. Where do you think we are in that anniversaring that impact, I think last quarter you had talked about, you had repositioned something like $125 million of the $200 million of fleet, well I guess what's the update to that number. And as I look at your dollar utilization numbers by product category, the trends in other - the comparable got less bad this quarter relative to the second quarter. So, I'm wondering are we past the worst of that as far as a negative headwind on dollar utilization and because the implication for your rate guide for the year suggests that rates are going to get step down here in the fourth quarter. So, I'm just really trying to understand where we are in the spectrum on the oil and gas market? Thanks.
Matt Flannery: So, Seth, this is Matt. I'll take the oil and gas question. We've increased our movements as we forecasted. We have moved year-to-date $170 million out from that $124 million number that you had previously stated. Other than seasonal items like [indiscernible] light towers, we feel that we're mostly done there. You could look at one of the charts in the investor deck and it'll show you on Slide 6, that we feel that the oil and gas demand is pretty much flat and bit bottomed out. If it goes a little bit lower, it's not going to be by lot, we're not terribly positioned from a fleet perspective. So we feel we have that mostly capturing finish it up through the winter season. As far as your other question was 
Seth Weber: Well, so your dollar utilization for like the trench and other category got less negative in the third quarter relative to the second quarter. So, are we past the worst of the comps there? How do we reconcile that type of move with the pretty severe rate decline that's implied in your maintained guidance for the year?
Michael Kneeland: I'll take the dollar utilization and maybe Will or Matt, will take over the rate. As you try to build out your model, if you recall that we had a tremendous amount of cold starts in the specialty arena as a result of that you bring fleet in and as it goes forward, it's going to be putting it out, you'll see that should improve as we go forward. I think that's the biggest delta around the trench and other. Again building it out and putting what we put in place, now monetizing that and putting the stuff out on rent.
Matt Flannery: Yes, struggling with how to respond to what that might mean for our rate expectation going forward. I think it's pretty clear that the fourth quarter year-over-year raise that we expect as implied by our guidance is down materially, materially more than it was in the third quarter. Honestly, Seth, I'm struggling with what more to say about that. So, if you got more detailed question maybe you can take it offline and we'll see if we can address it better for you.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Jordan from Jefferies. Your question please.
Justin Jordan: Hi, well done on the great quarter. Just kind of like following on some Seth just trying to get a handle on how we should be thinking about 2016? When we think about time utilization which was done 150 bps year-on-year in both Q2 and Q3, just to give us comfort on I guess returning back to year-on-year positive rate in 2016, and give us comfort on how you think 2016 will be a growth year for URI. I'm just trying to understand, is that going to be you need to see time utilization at least being flat year-on-year before we're going to think about rate going positive year-on-year or what does the building blocks to getting rate moving positive again year-on-year, and moving to dollar utilization normalizing again as Seth was touching on.
Michael Kneeland: Hey Justin, maybe I'll start on this one as well. We start from thinking about what is the macro backdrop expected to look like in 2016, and all of the forecast that we see suggest that there is still going to be a solid macro backdrop. So, that's a good starting point and it gives us the opportunity to continue to absorb whatever is left of the oil and gas dislocation, absorb any excess fleet that might have been built up in the early part of 2015. So, that starting point number one is that we think the backdrop will be positive. Point number two is that we are very focused on the utilization performance of the Company as we think about next year. That's going to be a very important guide for us in thinking about what we're doing, where we're doing it, how much we're investing in the fleet to get it done. So we will be I think in a better position to be able to manage rate if we're absorbing our existing fleet through utilization more effectively. So, that's going to be another, I think positive for us in how we approach delivering improved rate next year. Obviously that will come along with a very intense cost focus, it won't directly impact rate but certainly will help us examine everything that we're doing and seeing as a way to be more effective inside the Company and therefore be more effective in the marketplace. So, those are the key things that I point to, guys what did I miss?
Matt Flannery: I just would say that it's always - you're trying to say what is the back fall I think it's everyone's strategy, and for us it is about driving profitable growth and it's the balance between utilization and rate. And that's our strategy and that's what we're going to be focused on.
William Plummer: Yes, and one other thing that I'd try is just, if you look at where we expect to exit 2015, we talked last quarter about it being somewhere in that quarter to a third of a point of carryover, negative carryover next year. That's not a huge deficit to make up, it's one point that I would make in terms of getting rate back to breakeven or positive rate next year. So, that gives us some encouragement that it's not an impossible game to get rate back to being positive next year and if we're doing the right things in managing our fleet and the rest of our business and the macros there with this that's a reasonable to think about next year.
Justin Jordan: Thank you. Just one quick follow on, obviously you've talked macro but can I just get a better sense on what you're doing on SG&A, you told on slide deck $22 million run rate of lean cost savings, which is impressive. Can you just give us some color what else you're doing on the SG&A just to really help on the EBITDA margins, which are up 100 basis points year-on-year which is a very strong performance.
William Plummer: Yes sure, I did talk about focusing on T&E and professional fees. And getting some benefit there year-over-year, we'll continue to look for opportunities to maintain on that front. We're being very, very conscious about all the other lines within SG&A as well. We did have little bit of benefit in that debt expense, we'll continue to look for opportunities there and focusing on managing the age of our receivables which drives that measure. So, we hope to continue to improve there, and then just general cost focus, it's ramped up in the Company over the last several months and I think that'll be the case going into 2016 as well. So, stay tuned and we'll call out more as we actually deliver.
Justin Jordan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Bernan Jack: Good morning, this is Bernan Jack on behalf of Jerry. In your slide deck you disclosed branches with significant oil and gas exposure is having about 400 basis points lower utilization in your other locations. Do you expect that GAAP to narrow over the next few quarters, are you simply looking to reducing on equipment in those oil and gas regions?
William Plummer: So, we certainly expected to reduce whether that's the numerator or the denominator, rather it be that we put more fleet on rent, but we're going to react appropriately to the demand that's in the oil and gas, so if we can't move the numerator, we will pull more fleet out of there. It does look like it's bottomed out, the headwinds on a year-over-year comp will be there probably through the end of January or February, which is when we saw this year a lot of the rigs come off and then the fleets come off shortly thereafter. So, we feel comfortable that we'll manage that GAAP even tighter this year.
Bernan Jack: Okay, thanks. And the second question, you've reduced CapEx guidance by about $100 million this year in response to about 250 basis point cut in rate guidance. Can you comment on what level pricing you would need to see for you to significantly cut CapEx further?
William Plummer: Yes, I don't know that we would think about it as "X" amount of rate yields "Y" amount of CapEx. I do think that we try to look at the overall position of the Company and the environment that we're in to make that decision around CapEx. I mentioned earlier for example that we're going to have a very bright light shining on our utilization of existing fleet in 2016, that's going to be an important driver alongside whatever rate we expect to yield. So, I guess I wouldn't think about it as being that tightly linked to rate as long as we've got other opportunities to drive improvement in our business like with utilization.
Matt Flannery: No I think Bill said it well it's about what rate and utilization do we need to have profitable growth and thats going to be our north star that we will manage and some of the other metrics usually directionally supported, but it won't be as meiotic as a direct tie X rate brings Y capital growth.
Bernan Jack: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you. Good morning guys. It sounds like you're progressing nicely on the oil patch absorption, but it sounds like the overall industry fleeting is going to linger in the next year. Could you give us a feel how long you expect that will persist? What you are seeing from the competition obviously a lot of questions about what you might do. Would just the environment there and what you are seeing others with regard to price and how they are handling fleets. Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Ill talk about, we are seeing obviously we as well as others have tampered their capital spending and then I think most recently there was one of the OEMs yesterday said that their AWP they saw an increase in the smaller categories of rental companies. It's not unusual if you think about it for a moment that the publically held company has always had access to capital. The larger companies followed suit and then you would see the capital that comes into play to a much smaller fragmented section. Non unusual not alarming to me, but something we closely watch and we will adjust to our strategy and driving profitable growth. I think I made a very clear that youll see a significant drop in capital spend in Q1 for us and as we come into January Scott, we will clearly will communicate our thoughts going forward. But we watch it. We understand that the oil had disruption. We also understand and experienced the fleeting up within the industry and good thing is that there is multiple years of expansion left and we will have to play and we will make our calls.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks Mike. Just following up on that. This is the time of the year where you are negotiating with OEMs for the following year. Anything unique you're seeing this year. Are they very disciplined on pricing might we see some increased inflation coming to you next year? Is there any thoughts or commentary on this year may be different from past.
Michael Kneeland: So Scott we are in the middle of the negotiations with our strategic suppliers right now, but we certainly don't expect to see increases coming in the next year for a lot of reasons and will be very diligent about making sure that we are reacting and we are having our partners react to the current environment.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Ill turn it over. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
George Tong : Hi, thank you. Good morning. Switching over to the demand side of the equation, can you talk about how trends you are seeing in rental demand have evolved for you over the past quarter or so with the commercial, industrial, and infrastructure?
William Plummer: George, it's Bill. Ask that question again for me.
George Tong : I was just trying to get a sense for how aside from the rental supply issues you have seen, how rental demand is evolving for you along your main verticals of commercial and industrial.
William Plummer: It continues to be a solid demand environment for us. I mean we are  you heard some of my comments right about some of the industrial demand that we are seeing in the drivers there. The commercial side of the house still has a got solid tone it and that is supported by whether use non-res construction or some of the other measures by economic data. So the demand environment is still pretty solid. It's indicated to us both by what we are actually putting on rent, but also the commentary that we would get from our customer base. It's still very much supportive of growth in the next near term period and we expect that to continue to be the case end of 2016.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I would add is the equipment we have is very universal applied to multiple verticals to give you some industrial manufacturing, automotive, some distribution, some fabricated metal product, heavy manufacturing, semiconductors and transportation systems, and chemical processing continue to show some areas of growth and expansion. LNG we had some numerous projects as particularly in the beginning of the year and starts and LNG starts, but again all of the fleet that we have in general is universally applied to the verticals that we are talking about. So with the exception may be some of the pumps and we have talked about pumps in the past.
George Tong : Got it. And Bill following up on your 60% EBITDA target flow through next year. What are the conditions loosely around re-growth and time utilization that you would need to see for you to be able to deliver on that.
William Plummer: Yes George, I think its fair to say that any reasonable range of rate growth and time utilization that we we're thinking about gives us a real good shot at 60% so that's still very much within our thinking here about 2016. Obviously if you dont get rate or time not as strong as you would like then it puts more emphasis on the cost level, but we feel like any reasonable combination that we're likely to see next year we can think about 60% of the flow through. So thats why we are communicating it.
George Tong: Thank you 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven Fisher : Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up again on the oil and gas question. Matt, it sounds like you are saying that you're expecting activity to be pretty flattish next year. Can you just may be give us any color on what gives you that confidence because we are still hearing about some EMP CapEx cut through next year, want to gauge the risk of any further surprises there and then how would manage that.
Michael Kneeland: Sure thanks Steve. So, there has been some challenges that we have observed, but as you look - I referred to the Slide 6 before we see its pretty much bottomed out and actually may even be slightly above of a drop that would hit in July. But when you think about if some more rigs comes down as there is further capital project cuts, I think that the fleet knows areas has moderated quite a bit, there will be a little less supply in those areas, but more importantly the dynamic for us is that we still own some business in oil and gas place right now throughout many of the different shelves there is a little some more direct business that may be going on so the dynamic of how the end users are being supplied is giving up an opportunity as well.
Matt Flannery: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is we dont expect oil to go up or increase over the next year or two. As I mentioned earlier on the pump business, we are expanding other verticals and we had some really good success. We take a look at in our investor deck on pumps specifically. We have expanding their verticals as we stand today. They are only down 9.6% on a year-over-year basis after having 50%of their business coming from oil. So we would not tell we are going to vacate oil, but I think where we - oil for us in general has been drilling the holes and we saw that dropped significantly. We dont spend a lot of our rental equipment around existing facilities. Once they are established they are maintained. It's to minimus as far as rental capacity that we have there.
George Tong: Thats helpful. And then Bill you talked about the $1 billion of share we purchased. Just wondering how you think about the balance between doing those repurchases versus your return on investment, I know on slide you are still showing a nice healthy 700 million plus of free cash flow next year. So, is the expectation that your cash flow will be sufficient to meet both the repo need, repo plan and any of your investment desires.
William Plummer: Absolutely. There are free cash flow numbers after our CapEx plan and that CapEx right now we guided you next years CapEx $1.6 billion. So we think that, that will be plenty of free cash flow to support the capital plans for next year and to execute the share we purchased on the pace that we talked about. So I am not concerned at all about being able to spend on share repurchases to that 18-month time frame and depending on how free cash flow plays out, we have excess cash flow beyond that speed of spin on share repurchases then we can make some more decisions about paying down debt while also during the share repurchase. So we think we got a lot of flexibility in doing all of the above over the course of the next couple of years.
George Tong : Great thank you a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nic Coppola from Thompson Research. Your question please.
Nic Coppola: Hi. Good morning. So used sales margins were down year-over-year and in your opening comments talked about the channel mix. Is there anything you can add about the used price environment and maybe what that might mean for the broader trend in the industry?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, used prices are still at very high levels. If you just take the proceeds 142 million divide into the original costs that we saw, which was 247 million, somebody help me out there. Thats well north of 50% proceeds $0.50 on the dollar for equipments thats seven years old. So thats an implication that the values are still very high. Have they perhaps ticked down from the absolute peak that they achieved a few months ago, maybe, but they are still at levels that represent very attractive opportunities to sell when you need to sell used. So that dynamic is still very, very supportive of what we try to do as a company.
Matt Flannery: The other thing I would add is obviously companies are readjusting either age or either fleet mix particularly places that are heavily in the oil. And as we go through this quarter, in the first quarter - first quarter if you recall, the biggest auctions will typically take place in February were most of the companies spend a lot of time and effort to send their fleet. I just want to remind everybody, not everyone in our industry has channel mix that we have. We do retail equipment and so unlike a lot of competitors, they dont have their capacity or lean on that capacity. Thats a preference they have in our strategy. So you're going to get mixed results, but as Bill mentioned our retail was pretty healthy.
Nic Coppola: And then may be just an update on lean initiatives since your $22 million or $100 million target, what's progress look like there and in your call you can add about operational improvements.
Michael Kneeland: Yes Nic. The $22 million run rate at the third quarter as I'm sure you have noted as down from where it was in the second quarter. And we should certainly talk about the drivers there but in terms of the initiatives that we are pursuing, they are very much similar to what we talked about in the past, right. We have implemented all of important components of a lean program and what we are about now is rolling that out to a broader set of locations across our business and touching more of the processes in the business. The $22 million number is reflective of all the work that we have done so far much of which was focused on improving the productivity of each dollar of cost that we spend rather than actually taking out absolute dollars of costs. Given that volume hasnt developed quite the way we thought it would this year, the improved productivity hasnt delivered the same amount of save that we initially thought. And so now we are pivoting to look at whether there are actual dollar costs that we need to take out in order to continue to drive that productivity result and so thats being discussed as we speak right here now. We still are very comfortable guiding to that $100 million run rate impact by the end of next year, because we can look across the business and still see places where we haven't implemented fully all the lean initiatives or where we have, but we havent gotten as much out of them as we might have anticipated. So we are still comfortable saying that we expect to see the $100 million impact by the end of next year.
Nic Coppola: And that all make sense. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc.
Joe Box: So, I will ask you a couple of hypothetical questions here. One, if you guys dont see the equipment getting reabsorbed by the seasonally slow 1Q, does 2Q then become significantly lower CapEx quarter as well.
William Plummer: Joe, I think given the way we are thinking about managing our decisions around CapEx next year, if we dont see in the first quarter what we expect to see, I think its highly likely that we will get aggressive around the second quarter capital spend as well. That's fair guys?
Michael Kneeland: Absorption is going to be big focus for us next year.
Joe Box: Okay, I can appreciate that. And then I guess what are you guys specifically looking for from your end markets. To maybe take a change in your capital allocation plans and ultimately put a greater percentage of free cash flow toward debt pay down.
Michael Kneeland: I think in my earlier comments I talked about the macros being an important backdrop for us. If we get a sense as the macro environment is not developing, such that our industry could reasonably expect in the mid-to-high single digits, your kind of growth next year then we are going to have to reassess, right, so that will be step one. Step two, if we get early in the year and we are not seeing the absorption of the fleet that we talked about getting utilization up, then we are going to have reassess that's step two. And we'll continue to look at that. Step three might be if we are not seeing the market offer a rate environment that we would expect. Early in the year rate is always a challenge because of the seasonality, but if its more of a challenge than sort of what we have going into year, then we will have to reassess. So those are the things that are going to be swirling around in our heads as we think about how we execute the CapEx and other components of our plan for 2016.
Joe Box: Thanks guys. Thats helpful. And then just one quick one if I can. Bill, you already kind of talked about the cost of rental line in a number of different components there, but can you maybe just walk through some of the additional puts and takes like few incentive comp. Ultimately, we are still looking at some nice leverage here where we can see some margin expansion on the gross line.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. So there is an incentive component of the cost of rent benefit as well and certainly that was that play, but it wasnt the entire explanation for the cost of rent improvement that we saw. We did have a little bit of a fuel benefit in the quarter as well, that showed up - primarily in cost of rent and so call we call it a couple of million dollars in the quarter there as well. But Ill remind that fuel as it plays through cost of rent is a pass through for the vessel fuel. The fuel thats actually in the equipment we rent, right, the customers pays for that. So its sort of natural hedge. And the fuel component of our delivery costs thats a pass through to our delivery charge as well. So its sort of natural hedge. So the impact may not be as large as you think from fuel. What else, I called out overall delivery cost of which fuel is apart. Wage and benefits saves were really just about headcount not particular headcount action, but the natural turnover headcount in our business, as well as some efficiencies that we are realizing from some of the costs saves initiatives that we talked about earlier. Those are the primary drivers within the cost of rent saves and we think we have got the opportunity to continue to drive more saves as we go forward.
Joe Box: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I would like to hand the program back to Mr. Kneeland.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. As we stated earlier, that was a very exciting quarter for us and we've also updated our investor materials. Make sure you go to our website and download both our financial deck and the background information. If you have any additional question or would like to go any of our facilities, you can reach out to Fred Bradman anytime with your questions in our Stanford office. With that Operator, we will end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - President and CEO William Plummer - EVP and CFO Matt Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Financial Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fisher - UBS Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Bernan Jack - Goldman Sachs George Tong - Piper Jaffray Nic Coppola - Thompson Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Rentals Second Quarter 2015 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the Companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Companys Web site at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Companys earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Well thank you and good morning everyone and welcome. I want to thank everybody for joining us on todays call. I want to focus most of my comments today on the dynamics of our operating environment. I'll discuss how our industry is adjusting to the recovery and I'll talk about the non-residential construction is hitting its stride particularly in the commercial sector. And then Bill will cover the financial results followed by your questions. So, first look at the quarter, we turned in a solid performance with nice gains and profitability, margin and returns. Our EBITDA margin increased over 49% in the quarter and we reported earnings per share of $1.95 on an adjusted basis. And these were both second quarter records for us. Free cash flow was very strong at $432 million through June. Now taking in an entirety these numbers reflect the fundamental strength of our operating environment. There is clear evidence of demand for our equipment and demand is growing. However, taking individually to the underlying metrics reflection challenges in our environment. The rate and time utilization, rate came in softer than expected at 1.5% higher year-over-year and time utilization was down 150 basis points to 66.6%. Now it's important to understand what these numbers do and dont represent. For one thing, they do not reflect the macro weakness in demand. Now we spend a lot of time analyzing industry behavior, and we believe that rental demand in North America has multiple years of growth ahead. We also think that 2016 will be even stronger than in 2015 for our end-markets and the growth will be led by non-residential construction spending. And thats what most industry experts believe and we agree. And what the metrics point to are two dynamics that are more like micro cycles within our larger operating environment. These dynamics will run their course but right now they are not doing us any favors. The first issue is upstream oil and gas. Last quarter we told you this sector was a significant constraint with both a direct and knock on effect. And I've given an idea of the impact in the second quarter, if we exclude the branches with the most exposure of upstream oil and gas, time utilization was only down 30 basis points year-over-year and sequential rates were slightly positive. In April we said we thought this sector would continue to be a drag on numbers to at least the third quarter. So it is no surprise that we're still dealing with that challenge particularly in our pump operations. So obviously there is not much we can do about the price of oil but we are taking action. So far we have redeployed over $125 million of fleet away from the upstream oil and gas markets and will continue to use this lever where we see the opportunity for higher returns. The second dynamic is on the supply side, where it is more of a timing issue with our industry as a whole. Right now Rouse will tell you that there is some excess fleet in rental yards that needs to be absorbed into the marketplace. It's non-usual for our industry to add fleet in an upturn and to do so slightly in advance of the demand. In this case however the imbalance was exaggerated by the decline in upstream oil and gas. This will allow but until it happens it continues to be a drag on the rates and the utilization. Our own plans to invest $1.6 billion of gross CapEx this year which is $100 million less than our original projection. And while we have taken that number down it still represents plenty of growth CapEx to serve our large accounts and to expand our high margin specialty business. On the other side of CapEx management used equipment sales, the market is going strong. Used sales continue to be an important mechanism for us in fleet management. The second quarter our adjusted margin on new sales was a robust 50% which is an increase over last year. And given these various considerations, we're being realistic about the short-term impact on our performance. And as you saw last night, we lowered our expectations on rate to 0.5% gain. Our time utilization target is now approximately 67.5% and we've adjusted our revenue and EBITDA ranges accordingly. At the same time we expect free cash flow to remain very strong. I want to be clear about our sights are set higher than this outlook as they always are with any guidance we give. I think you know by now that our nature is to be hungry for more and in this case, if there's rate we're going find it. We have a lot of runway ahead of us in this cycle. Secular penetration is still in play and commercial construction is nowhere near its peak. Global insight is forecasting solid growth for the U.S. rental industry this year followed by similar increases in 2016 and 2017. And Dodge sees the construction market growing for at least the next three years. At the same time we're careful to maintain our Company in a strong position to handle any issues that arise. We've been building up our scale, technology, processes, our skill sets for nearly two decades, and even if the environment throws us a curve ball, we can handle it. In fact we're better equipped to handle it now than any time in our history. From our current vantage point the cycle is right on-track. We're finding that customers are bullish about their prospects and the level of activity seems to bail that out. In some cases we're hearing about project backlogs that are approaching pre-recession levels. And here I'll give a few snapshots from the field. In our Mid-Atlantic region where we had double-digit growth in the quarter or our nuclear power projects, roads, bridges and industrial manufacturing plants. In the Southeast we're seeing government projects start-up as well as healthcare construction and highway expansion. Florida's picked up, and customers are saying they expect a strong finish to the year with upside in the 2016. And in the Mid West where heavy rains and a labor shortage delayed some brick construction starts, we still had solid growth. And we're now seeing a range of projects get underway including a fertilizer plant, auto manufacturing and commercial buildings. That should give us momentum right through the winter. Now turning to our specialty segment, trench safety, power and HVAC both had stellar quarter. Trench safety revenue was up 15% year-over-year and power posted 39% growth. Our specialty segment got a boost from 10 new branches we opened in the first half of the year and we plan to open another eight before the year-end. But this segment is also generating solid growth organically. All of the 15% growth in trench in the quarter came from same-store performance and power and HVAC had 27% same-store growth. Now in addition to being important revenue streams in their own right, specialty rentals have a role in strengthening our key customer relationships. The larger the customers the more likely that the rental needs extends beyond the basics. And we're doing a good job of ramping up our cross-selling efforts to serve these accounts more completely. And in the process we're building loyalty that holds up on the competitive pressure. National accounts are a good example. And year-over-year in Q2 we grew our cross-sell revenue by almost 30% with national accounts. In the second quarter we grew our rental revenue but in the same group by more than 7%. So we're piloting a steady ship and we're being extremely disciplined about our business development efforts. And finally I want to mention our share repurchase plans. As we announced last night, we're accelerating the $750 million program we initiated last year. We now expect to complete that program before year-end. And then we'll start a new program for additional $1 billion of share repurchases. It's a sign of our confidence in our future earning power and our commitment to earning that returning value to our stockholders. And on closing, I want to come back to our operating environment and the many levers that we've at our disposal. We use these levers and inherent strengths of our strategy to manage our business to the best possible outcomes and in the second quarter you saw the benefit of the organic and inorganic moves we made. Our focus on operational excellence, our efficient cost structure and our ability to scale for our advantage, all of which contributed to a strong financial performance in many respects, now we continue to take decisive action where we see opportunity to build on these results and generate even higher returns. So with that I will ask Bill to cover the financial results, and then we'll take your questions. Over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone, I'll try to add a little bit more color to the numbers that most of you've seen in the press release or heard in Mike's remarks. Starting with rental revenue. Rental revenue for the quarter was up 3.5% year-over-year that's $42 million of an increase. Within that increase owned equipment revenue represented a 3.7% year-over-year growth for about 37 million of that 42 million. The remaining rounded 4 million was ancillary and re-rent items which were up nicely over the prior year. Within the OER growth, rental rate the 1.5% year-over-year rental rate that we delivered in the quarter it placed to about $16 million of the 42 million year-over-year growth, the volume growth 2.8% volume growth represents about $29 million worth of rental revenue growth year-over-year. The replacement CapEx we sold replacement the CapEx average age of 86.9 months in the quarter inflating that over the average life of equipment that we sold resulted in about 1.9% or $20 million of rental revenue headwind in the quarter and that leaves about $12 million of mix and other impacts resulting from the strong growth in specialty and other mix effects throughout the business. So those are the key components of the $42 million year-over-year rental revenue growth. The only other point that I would emphasize is that Canadian currency effects are at place without all of those lines with the exceptional rental rate. Canadian dollar is weaker by 11% in the quarter and that result in about $15 million of headwind in the quarter compared to last year. So a significant component to the overall performance that said we still delivered the 3.5% in spite of that particular challenge. Moving to used equipment sales we generated $124 million of proceeds from used sales in the quarter thats down about 10% from the second quarter last year. And even thought the total revenue was down the margin performance was very good 50% adjusted margin for our used equipment sales activity thats 140 basis points better than the prior year and particularly proud about the fact that we are able to do that while still supporting the overall fleet strategy of selling the oldest fleet as I mentioned earlier just under 87 months of average age per fleet sold. Continuing to do a good job of disposing of used equipment through our retail channel, retail represented just over 60% of our sales in the quarter and that was about a percent better than this year that it represented last year. So a good used equipment result even albeit with the slight year-over-year decline. If we move adjusted EBITDA we delivered $706 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter thats at a margin of 49.4% both records for the second quarter for our Company. Thats $43 million of improvement year-over-year and 200 basis points of greater margin from second quarter last year. The components of that $43 million improvement year-over-year are as follows. The rental rate improvement resulted in about $15 million of year-over-year EBITDA improvement. Volume is about $20 million of improvement and the ancillary that I called out earlier all of that is $4 million revenue improvement drops to an EBITDA improvement so a nice result there. Working against this fleet inflation resulted in about 14 million of impact at EBITDA and used sales year-over-year was about 5 million of impact at EBITDA both representing headwinds. We're also having a year-over-year bad debt expense increase. So that was a headwind of about $10 million didnt represent a problem or challenge in bad debt collections this year it shows that a comparison period last year was still strong. Last year we had a really nice collection result along with an improvement in the aging buckets of our accounts receivable that really took down our bad debt expense last year. Incentive compensation was one of the adjustments that we have made in order to offset some of the challenges that Mike mentioned. Our incentive comp benefited us year-over-year to the tune of about $18 million for the cash incentive compensation programs across the business. So that was an $18 million benefit and it help to offset some of the headwind I mentioned previously. Merit increases are always there they were about $6 million of headwind for the quarter and the remainder which is about a total of $20 million represents mix and other benefits. Of that 20 about 10 is pure mix whether it's mix from growing specialty cap class mix day week month mix all of those mix factors net out to about $10 million of benefit year-over-year. And that leaves about $10 million of all other which encompasses a wide variety of net benefit. So within that all other we had fuel cost saves with the lower price of diesel and gasoline. We had lower professional fees year-over-year lower T&E and thats where you would see the benefit of our lien and other productivity focused programs. So those are the pieces of the $43 million of year-over-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA and here again I'll call out the impact of currency which is scattered throughout a number of those lines when you step back and aggregate it all currency cost us in an unfavorable impact in the quarter about $7 million versus last year. Flow through for the quarter the top-line number was very robust 143%. But I'll remind you that does include the impacts of the incentive compensation if you adjust for that incentive comp $18 million. You get that closer down to about 83%. I'll also point out that the flow through was helped by the fact that our year-over-year used equipment sales were lower. We're selling used equipment at roughly 50% margin thats lower than our margin for the rental business, but when you take out used equipment you are actually helping the overall flow-through. If you adjust for that used equipment effect you get flow through that was down around 70% and still a nice result of 70% in any given quarters more in line with the roughly 6% that we've guided to for the full year. Looking at our adjusted EBITDA we delivered $1.95 of adjusted EPS for the quarter that compares to a $1.65 in the second quarter of last year. Thats an 18% increase year-over-year and as I pointed out for the other measures it also includes the impact of currency. Absent currency it would have been about $0.04 higher. Moving to free cash flow year-to-date we have generated free cash flow of 432 million that includes $2 million merger related payments and that compares to 240 million on a comparable basis for the first six months of 2014. The driver of the increase was largely result of the year-over-year improvement in EBITDA performance as well as some benefits in other lines including a variety of other items. CapEx in the quarter was $693 million and that brings the total first six months capital spend for this year to just over $1 billion and that leads our net rental CapEx for the second quarter and first six months at $570 million and $776 million respectively. If we move to capital structure and liquidity as you know we took several steps to improve our capital structure in the first quarter with refinancing issues. We issued two new notes totaling about $1.8 billion and called a comparable amount of notes out of three different issues either fully or partially during the first quarter. And as I noted on the first call, the actual settlement for those transactions would happen in the second quarter and indeed in this quarter we did record a charge of approximately $121 million to cover the redemption and write-off of other amortized costs in the quarter. The details of all those transactions are in our 10-Q and I'll refer you there if you would like to see more. As of June 30, our total liquidity sat at $880 million and that included an ABL capacity of about $680 million along with the cash balance of right at $200 million, so we feel we are very well positioned with liquidity. Mike mentioned the share repurchase program but just to hit a couple of points there. We did continue to execute under the 750 current authorizations during the quarter. We bought $155 million worth of shares and that brings our total purchases against that program through June 30 up to $573 million, which leaves us with about $177 million to complete that program. Our initial target was that that program would run until about April 2016 but given our performance especially the robust cash flow performance as it's rolling in this year. We accelerated our timeline and now expect to finish that program by the end of this year. And as Mike also mentioned we have announced that our board authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program. That program will begin after we have completed the current $750 million program. We have put an 18 month timeline on execution of the billion so the 18 month clock will start once we start purchasing under this program. One thing to mention regarding our share repurchase program we do have to be mindful of limitations on restricted payment transactions that are inherent in many of our debt notes, as I'm sure most of you are familiar RP limitations are typical in these notes and typically they give you a basket which builds with net income. So as you growth net income you build up that basket. The basket gets depleted with RP transactions of which share repurchases represent one type. At the end of June we had roughly $400 million of available capacity for executing repurchase or other restricted payments. That 400 includes the RP basket along with the cash capacity that we have at the holding company level which is outside of the restricted payment limitations of the operating note issues. So we have plenty of room, the short and sweet as we have plenty of room to complete the $750 million program this year and to get deep into the $1 billion program as we executed over the course of the next 18 months plus. On ROIC, the ROIC result for the quarter was 8.9% and that was an increase of 80 basis points over last year, although down slightly from the first quarter sequentially in this year. And the decline really was a result of the way that we calculate ROIC, we use the five-point average for the IC component in the denominator and as you crossover the quarter that includes pump in that five point average versus doesn't include it, it had a slight impact on our ROIC on a sequential basis. So, certainly we continue to be on the path as the year-over-year number indicates toward improving our ROIC performance and as all of you know that is a very intense focus of our company. Regarding the outlook for 2015, again Mike hit most of the key components, we will just to add a little bit more color, our total revenue range is now $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion, within that rental revenue will be driven by the rate and time utilization assumptions that we have revised. So, rate we now expect up about 0.5% year-over-year and really that rate assumption reflects very heavily the experience that we've had so far this year. Time utilization also reflects that experience, we now expect the full year to come in at about 67.5% and those will result in an adjusted EBITDA range of about $2.8 billion to $2.85 billion. We have reduced our capital spending plan for the year by $100 million. So, net gross capital, we now expect to stand about $1.6 billion and we think this line is -- and this changes in line with what we've been focused on very recently which is to be very disciplined around our CapEx spend. Free cash flow, we maintained our range there at 725 to 775 and if deliver that we expect the year to end with adjusted debt-to-EBIDTA of 2.8 times, that's slightly higher than the 2.6 times that we've shared in the past. It clearly reflects the decrease in adjusted EBITDA, but it also assumes now the accelerated completion of the $750 million share repurchase program by the end of this year. So, those were the key comments I wanted to make, I just wanted to reemphasize a couple of the points that Mike made. It is a solid quarter for us, albeit with some headwinds that were more challenging than we certainly expected. Upstream oil and gas, that impact will continue to work through, but it is the matter of working through it, rather than it being a major impact to the Company's longer term future. The supply dynamic across the industry is one that we're also focused on and making sure that we're focused on adjusting properly to what we see as a short term supply dynamic. And of course currency is another effect that we'll continue to play in our future coming up. But with all of that, the results that we delivered in the quarter represent what I think are really solid performance. Record revenue, record EBITDA, record EBITDA margin, record EPS, all put us in a great position for the future. So, with that I'll ask the operator to open it up for questions and answers, operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna, your question please.
Tim Robinson: This is Tim Robinson on for Ted, thanks for taking my question. First question I had was I was wondering if you could provide us with a framework for how you see the industry supply situation currently, and how you see that unfolding over the next three, six, nine, months.
William Plummer: So Tim I will start and please Mike and Matt chime in. I think I hit on it in my comments and Mike did as well. There's the dynamic of oil and gas is a major factor that we continue to work through, but we feel like we are making good progress in working through it. The industry as well as working through it and I think overtime they will. As long as there is not a major down leg on oil and gas drilling activity given what we've seen and we put some more information in our investor deck to share with you the trends that we've seen in oil and gas activity. We think that the impact from oil and gas is stabilizing and even if it goes down a little bit more, it's not going to be a major change from here. The supply dynamic is one that I think we're also very focused on. Some of the mid-sized and smaller players according to data that we've seen from Rouse and elsewhere have been growing their fleets in the early part of this year. What we've seen and heard more recently, let us call it over the last couple of months is that they are much more attuned to the challenges that the oil and gas dynamic have put to the industry and so people are now focused more on making more disciplined decisions we believe around their supply in the current environment. So, that's what frames our thinking that we can work through this supply excess if you will in the relatively near-term, couple that with the demand back drop that we've talked about says that we'll get through this and times should be better going ahead. I dont know if you guys want to add anything Mike or Matt.
Matt Flannery: No I think Bill you covered it well when Mike referred to the time utilization in the non oil and gas stores only being down 30 bps and imagine how much that they have to absorb into those end markets that they are participating in from the oil and gas this location. As well as everybody getting a little bit head on their fleet purchases and thats an encouraging sign that bolsters our opinion.
Michael Kneeland: I would only add one data point that I pointed to in my opening comments was Rouse and theyve got a wealth of information on this particular subject. And if Gary was here on the phone he would probably say that exactly what Bill mentioned that as we went for the seasonal side it is being absorbed and the utilization and we always see on ramp is increasing.
Tim Robinson: Can you just give us an update on July trends for rate and time?
Michael Kneeland: Sure, Tim. Just the way we've characterized it is that July rate is very much in line with our expectation for the remainder of the year. The time and fleet on rent growth are a touch ahead of our expectation for the remainder of the year. And maybe I'll offer up a little bit more here. Your natural question is what is your expectation Bill? We're not going to give the exact number for the month of July, but our expectation for rate sequentially over the months remaining in this year, are flat to down slightly on each of the remaining months, so that gives any little bit better frame for the rate expectation.
Tim Robinson: When you think about that flat to down slightly for rate sequentially how would you compare the rate expectations for the non-oil and gas exposed places as opposed to the oil and gas branches?
William Plummer: I would say they would fare better as they have theyve been almost over half of point better through the second quarter and we'd expect to see that combination. And flat to down there could be some lumpiness in there but if you do the math thats needed to happen for us to reach our current guidance. And if there is more to be half out there as Mike stated we will go after and we do think the opportunity will be in the non oil and gas segments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: I want to go back to the CapEx discussion. I appreciate that the Company wants to be positioned for an improving environment, but I'm really struggling with the way that you frame the second half for rental rates and fleet utilization. I'm just struggling with why you can't bring the second half CapEx number down. Do you have line of sight that you really feel like you need the equipment for the start of next year? Given the rate and utilization outlook that we're looking at for the third and fourth quarter, I'm just trying to reconcile why you wouldn't bring the CapEx down further at least for the second half of this year. And as a tie-in to that question, you brought your long-term -- longer-term rate guidance down from 3% to 2%, and I would think that one of the ways that you could ensure that the rate stays higher is with less -- with having upward pressure on fleet utilization, so I'm just trying to tie all this together, if you could?
Michael Kneeland: Yes and Seth this is Mike and it's a great question. And it is one that we've been debating internally here for the last few weeks. Actually I would say the last few months. Well I think we have to start let me breakdown the CapEx for you to begin with of the 1.6 billion of rental CapEx. If you take away the inflation adjusted replacement CapEx of 114 that leaves you with a growth capital of about 460 million. And this is all seen in our investor deck that we have out there. We will spend on that 460 we will spend $70 million of that this year to refurbishments for our rental assets and the investments in our GPS or telematics for the fleet. So this is surrounded and that leaves about $400 million that is split evenly between our specialty business and our gen rent business. Now as I mentioned our specialty is doing quite well and we're funding the 10 cold starts that we started and we've eight more to go this year thats a high margin business, high return. And it also provides an entanglement with our customer base. So now we're talking about roughly $200 million for the gen rent and we're the growth really goes into our national key account business where we've had some new wins and we're also investing in high time utilize assets. But when we think about the Investments, we dont think about it just as a point in time. We are investing in what we think is the cycle that has multiple years of growth apparatus. But I want to also point out that, you mentioned that of dropping our CapEx this year. I'll point out in the investor deck that we also dropped it coming in the next year and thats always subject to change just as the -- as we go through this year and we think about next year and we going to December and we come out to the investment community, we'll update you. If we think that the worse is behind us completely and there is some rational behavior is going on and we can see more, we're going post more. But that said, we're actually very comfortable on our inventor plan as far as the rates are concerned, just to address that, yeah you are right. It declined and if I recall -- when I talk about rate, people are asking me -- they use to ask me when we were coming out of the recession. Mike how do you see this? Well, used priced margins improved than you see utilization, than rate. Our rates been impacted but time utilization because of the influx or working through that as we go through the back half of this year. Now I will tell you quite honestly Seth if we have to adjust next year. We will. But I just dont think about it as a point in time, I think it is a continuum because we buy these assets after the life cycle. And it's really it comes down to a judgment call, and this is how we've debated this and this is where we came out and we're comfortable with it at that point.
Seth Weber: I appreciate that, Mike, but I mean when we used to talk about the business, we would talk about -- so you did almost 69% utilization last year and we used to talk about line of sight or runway to pushing that over 70%, and it just seems like with adding this fleet you're moving away from that objective and in conjunction with that the rate is coming down. So it seems like there is at a minimum an opportunity here for the second half of the year to take CapEx down and just wait and see how things progress because really nobody knows how the oil is going to play out and whatnot. So are you locked into contracts that are --this $200 million of gen rent, are those deals you can't get out of, or you really feel like you have line of sight to things getting better in the early part of next year that you need this -- or is there specific customers that are teed up for this equipment?
Michael Kneeland: I'll start a part of it and I will Matt to chime in, our national account represents about 40% of our total business and it's up 7% in the quarter. These are contractual long-term obligations for us. So line of sight on those is pretty long in comparison to the rest of the industry. I will ask Matt to talk about time utilization and some of the dynamics.
Matt Flannery: Yes sure Seth so and as Mike said that additional 200 million of the flexibility to take that away without the kind of the risk of long-term relationships and long-term revenues and accretive positive good return revenue, so thats why we came to that decision but when you parse out the gap year-over-year between was about 130 basis points and if you look at our full year guidance this year versus our full year actually this year. Half of that is a call that we made to continue our path on pump. So we've got a little over $70 million in pump assets that -- with that business being down we could monetize if we thought that was the right long-term decision. But we want a fund the additional cold start growth as well as can't really not fire sell assets that have plenty of trade left on them and will have value for us long-term as we see this other recovery for that business. Thats an investment we made for our longer term gains. So thats half of that, 130 bps of year-over-year decline. Bill as pointed out that we moved a 125 million of assets at the oil and gas. Thats only two-third to what we have to do. We have about another 60 million that we have to move out in the balance of this quarter and we have action plans, individual assets identified. When we tie those two components together, those are the best to drag thats the 1.3 year-over-year drag that we're dealing with and it's not unfortunately as simple as us saying we are not going to buy the remaining 200 million of high time assets in general business and replace some with those assets that are dragging the time down. And thats why it looks a little dislocated from afar when you dig into the detail which we've obviously done. We're comfortable with our plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS, your question please.
Steven Fisher: Just wondering how you approach the guidance on rates for the second half compared to how you approached it in April. Was there any more caution or conservatism this time, or different analytical work? Just looking for your confidence that it won't be any worse than this barring a real fall-off in oil prices?
William Plummer: So, Steve it is Bill we're human beings so to the question that is their more cautioned probably. Look, we had a view of rates starting the year. We had a view of rates at April and both were wrong. So we thought very deep and hard about what we expect from the remainder of this year. And that's influenced by our experience. So, how much it is harder to put a number on it, but we feel like this is a realistic view and look I mean we've set about 0.5%, could it be 0.4 or 0.3, yes, could it be 0.6 or 0.7, yes, so I think it's fair to say that our thinking was influenced by the experience and we don't want to be in a position of missing this time to be brutally honest about it.
Steven Fisher: And then in terms of the non-oil related business, can you parse out the 30 basis-points of lower time utilization as a function of just the reallocated oil equipment, or is it other trends within the non-res construction market, and what is your confidence that you'll start to see that utilization improving in the second half?
William Plummer: I think we certainly expect that the non-oil and gas parts of our business as the oil and gas dislocation continues to be absorbed should see less of a headwind going forward. How to quantify that is a tough one to respond to. Matt or Mike, would you add anything?
Michael Kneeland: No I would just say when you break it down market-by-market and you see that more -- half of our reasons have had sequential rate improvement in Q2 as opposed to the overall company. And nine of our 14 regions have shown year-over-year growth. We see that there are still markets that even absorbing extra capacity in the near term or performing well. And that what's gives us that confidence that we can -- we continue on the path that we re-guided to -- more importantly that '16 and '17 end market still strong for us.
William Plummer: I know you pointed out to it on the investor deck, which by the way we've broken it into two segments, so it's easier for people to go through. One is the financial deck and one is the background information but on Page 6 you'll see a non oil and gas locations. And you'll see greater than 20% upstream exposure the one with less than 20%. And we always see a ramp build is very similar to what the pattern you saw last year. You'll see that in the oil patch, particularly the upstream, you'll see the bifurcation of where it actually pivoted in March, and the drag it's been, but it seems that it is moderated as far as the timing. One thing we will tell you, is according to Rouse is that for the company, for the rentals, we still lead the industry in our peer group on time utilization. That being said, we don't have time, we got more to do as Mike mentioned. We got some more assets to get it clear out of here. We're going to get that done. So, this is a -- this movie hasn't played out yet, but we're focused on it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley, your question please.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess my question is kind of on the medium-term rate outlook. So in the slides it was already mentioned that you guys have moved from 3% to 2% and I think that the footnote says 1.8% over the next four years. But I'm just curious when you look at what you are embedding now for free cash flow in '16 and '17, which the targets came down a bit, does your 2016 free cash flow estimate assume that '16 is the year that rates turn positive and when might things wash out from an excess equipment perspective and rates could possibly turn positive year-on-year?
William Plummer: And Nicole it is Bill our '16 forecast does assume rates turn positive year-over-year in '16 and so the note that we've put in the investor deck about it averaging 2% thereafter reflects a positive year-over-year in '16 and then a greater positive in '17. So that's the profile that we expect. The fleet absorption issue that we're playing through right now, we've talked about it being a 2015 or perhaps early 2016 phenomena. And that's shaping our thinking about how we approach allocating fleet capital and so forth.
Nicole DeBlase: And my second question just shifting to EBITDA drops, so you guys talked about some of the puts and takes there but you still had 70% EBITDA drop-through minus all of the one-time-ish items this quarter, so I'm curious, I'm calculating implied drop-through of about 48% in the second half. Could this possibly be conservative? Is there something to think about there, maybe incentive comp, just curious about your thoughts there?
Michael Kneeland: There is nothing major and specific that we have baked in or our forecast for the second half. And so if you want to interrogate that has been conservative, I guess you could reasonably do it that way, but we don't want to get too far down the road of forecasting higher flow through unless and until we've got a better sense of where thats going to come from. And we put the best foot forward on flow through and our comments year to date and we're going to work really hard on it in the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer, your question please.
Scott Schneeberger: First one, Bill, for you, just following up on talking about the outlook for price going forward, could you speak -- thanks for the cadence of what you're going to see sequentially over the months of the back half, how is that going to flow into 2016? You mentioned a little lighter in '16 and better in '17 and beyond. Just curious at the transition at the end of the year and into the next year the rate flow-through? Thanks.
William Plummer: So if you're looking for statement about how the sequential in '16 will shape up we certainly have looked at that differently then we might have done have we not have the oil and gas location that we have right. So we tempered our view of how the sequentials in '16 will play out versus where we were before oil and gas. Hopefully that responsive to your question, if you got another question ask it a different way Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Kind of a follow up, trying to figure out the right way to ask it, maybe I'll come back to that. In the meantime, I'm curious, maybe Matt this might be for you. Rental rate trends by asset class. Can you give us a little bit of color of what you're seeing with regard to the equipment itself? I think it's probably intuitive with regard to pumps perhaps, but maybe stabilization and then some other things that anecdotally might be helpful to us. Thanks.
William Plummer: Sure Scott so when we look at two major cats some of our larger products are similar to what you'd imagine the overall company is and maybe hair better. So the aerial products the reach fork products are similar a hair better than what we're seeing is the overall company. Some of the higher return assets that are in the oil and gas whether it's some dirt product or light towers they're seeing a little pressure because of the extra capacity moving into different and moving them into different markets. So I guess the way I'd answer is the more fungible the asset the more it seems to act like the overall business and those are less fungible life comp like some of these high hour assets that have been in the oil and gas for a while where we're seeing a little more rate pressure. And these arent huge swings but there is some delineation between the two.
Scott Schneeberger: Bill, if I could circle back just really quick, historically you've talked about, hey, we're ending this year, we have been running at 3%. Now hypothetical, and that's going to trickle 2% into the coming year. That is essentially what I was asking, and then what we should think about in comps this year-over-year comps in the first half, with that in mind, just to get us a -- leading into '16 and where that may start?
William Plummer: I do this without going through a quarter by quarter breakdown in 2016. Maybe I'll approach it this way if we finish the year the way we have in our forecast for the second half of 2015. Our carry over into 2016 will be about a quarter over point negative. So thats where we would start the year and if we got any reasonable sequential progression from that and that will start digging us out of that negative carry over position. Is that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Bernan Jack: This is Bernan Jack on behalf of Jerry. Can you give us a sense for time utilization performance for national pump in the quarter, maybe quantify the headwinds of total business?
William Plummer: We haven't broken out national pump utilization sort of separately. You know, as you might imagine, it is on a year-over-year basis it is down materially. But that is about as far as, you know, as we have broken it out. Matt, do you want to.
Matt Flannery: Yes, if you look in the industry background deck on Slide 32, you will see that we have acknowledged there has been 11% year-over-year decline in revenue in the pump business and to Bill's point we haven't pointed out time utilization but we showed that in the slide, in the deck, and that's the best that we talked about earlier, right? About our longer-term view of this business and holding those assets that have a lot of tread left on them for the longer-term gain.
Bernan Jack: And then second, both the dollar and time utilization increased for aerial platforms, can you provide any color on what drove that improvement or what you're seeing in that market?
Matt Flannery: Sure. That is the aggregate of the improvement that we have been building so a little bit of that is the momentum that we've had over, you know, the last couple of years, candidly. So that when is I had stated earlier in answer to Scott's question, that they're a hair better than what we're seeing overall in the company and when you pull out the oil and gas participation of those assets, that hair turns to be a little more significant, right? So that when is we're talking about the positive sequential rates in more than half of our regions and you have to imagine it is big a part of our fleet as aerial and reach fork are, they have to participate in that. So hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray, your question please.
George Tong: When you take a step back and look at the key metrics, rental rate growth slowdown/decline, time utilization reduction, CapEx reduction, those are typically classic signs of a peak in the cycle. What gives you confidence we're not at or near peak in the cycle and potentially a peak that is induced by overfleeting or oversupply?
William Plummer: That is a great question and so let me step back and say, if you recall, that used margins continue to be very strong. But more importantly we took a look at and if you take a look at just the U.S. economy forecasted growth in '15, '16 and '17 on real GDP it is supposed to improve. When you look at residential investment, business investment, and even the state and local investment, it is supposed to improve. Forward take a look at what Dodge has put out and we have this all broken down in our investor deck. Construction, excluding utility and gas plants, is going to be up in '15 by 9%. Projected 12% and 15% and 14% in '17, and then we even break it down by NHS where they see real construction growth by sector over the outlying years. Again all public information, all independent, and all of the primary goals, or I would say the primary business of non-res construction, which is a big catalyst for our industry, remains positive. So overtime we see that to continue to play out. With regards to the fleet, and I've talked about this, you know, the -- I understand the re-fleeting, I get it from all of the independents, they have been somewhat blocked out for some period of time. They won't have a endless supply of capital available to them. And I also think that with the rouse information, at least 55 participants, aside from the United Rentals, participate in this. So they have real data. They have real information by which they can help judge their business better today than ever before. And I believe that they sign up for this so that they can understand how they can drive better returns, how they can drive better cash flow, so that they don't get themselves into situations when the cycle does turn. So I don't see the cycle turning yet. I think there are still multiple years ahead of us, and we tend to agree with the experts that are out there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nic Coppola from Thompson Research Group.
Nic Coppola: So I don't believe you guys talked about wet weather much. Clearly places like Texas, Oklahoma, and Colorado, saw a lot of rain in Q2, and so to what extent was that a drag in the quarter, any way to quantify that or speak anecdotally about it?
Matt Flannery : As we obviously saw in our largest year-over-year sequential time utilization gap, so it have a drag on the overall business we have since rebounded from that, so it certainly has some impact on the first half results. But candidly we dont think that was the major reason it wasnt a specific period of time. But I think the overall dislocation of the fleet that was brought in then and faster than expected decline in a big end market of oil gas is probably have more to do with it. But May weather was certainly no helping and we did see our largest dislocation we were over 170 bits down year-over-year in the month of May and then rebound it up to 130 bits in the month of June.
Nic Coppola: And then last question here. Wondering if you could just talk a bit about the acquisition landscape right now and whether or not the current environment is giving you any pause.
William Plummer: Look we're in a very good position right now we're giving billion dollars of share repurchases in back stock holders, so this point of flexibility to do acquisitions. But I will tell you that we have a high bar and we look at these things we've cashed on a lot and some that we have been intrigued by but it's ongoing. I would just say that the rigor is out there is not going to dissipate. I think thats important for everyone to understand that this company has not change its view or its goals of where we are and where we intend to go on the returns whether it be capital whether the acquisition they all go in the same bucket acquisitions have to be on their own merit as to strategically, financially and culturally why we would do it.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. And I do want to thank everybody for taking the time to spend with us. If you have any additional questions, please reach out to Fred, but as I stated just a moment ago, this company is going to be remain focused on executing on its plan and making sure that we focus on returns and that our goals have not changed. We are better equipped today than weve ever have in our past. And we'll pull that leverage we need to accomplish our goal. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - President and CEO William Plummer - EVP and CFO Matt Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets David Raso - Evercore ISI George Tong - Piper Jaffray Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals FIRST Quarter 2015 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2014, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator and good morning everyone and welcome and thank you for joining us on todays call. Tony will talk about how were managing the business in light of our expectations for 2015 with almost four months of the year behind us weve able to draw off some conclusions of how this year is shaping up, I want to talk more about that in a minute and then Bill will cover the results and followed by your questions. First speaking with the numbers you saw last night, we had a solid start to the year. Our revenue, EBITDA and the internal invested capital are first quarter records. And that's the credit to our employees. Our rental revenue increased 12% year-over-year based in part on an 8% increase in volume. We generated $602 million of adjusted EBITDA at a 46% margin. Our return on invested capital improved to 9% and our free cash flow for the quarter was $450 million more than 60% higher than a year ago. We also reported record adjusted EPS of $1.34 for the quarter. Now we achieved these results despite some notable headwinds. The most significant constraint was the decline in upstream oil and gas activity. The rapid shutdown of almost 50% of drilled rigs had both the direct and knock-on effect and this was felt more strongly in our pump operations. The slowdown also happened earlier than expected and we now think slightly to continue to at least the next three to six months. We still expect to mitigate the decline within our guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA and will have more opportunities to do that now during the peak seasonality. Given the timing of the impact, we felt that it was realistic to narrow the ranges of revenue and EBITDA. Our updated revenue range is 6 billion to 6.1 billion and adjusted EBITDA of 2.95 billion to 3 billion. These two ranges still fall within our original outlook. Now in addition, in the first quarter we had a negative currency impact from a relatively weaker Canadian dollar and this will likely impact our year-over-year comparisons throughout 2015. In the harsh winter, slow the pace of the projects in several regions or we dealt with historical cold and snow. And with that one we can safely say that's behind us. But despite these headwinds we put a record $5.4 billion of OEC on that in the first quarter in a highly competitive marketplace. We could live with that but as you know [indiscernible] from looking at numbers from every angle. And in the first quarter the metrics of time utilization and rate merit further discussion. Time utilization decreased in the quarter by 40 basis points to 64%. That hasnt changed our outlook, we are still comfortable with our full year time utilization of approximately 69% and when we look at branches without any meaningful exposure to upstream oil and gas activity, time utilization was actually up 40 basis points in the quarter. With pricing our rate increased 2.9% in the quarter first last year and that was lower than expected and we are now anticipating a very competitive rate environment going into the summer months. But, I know that there our field management, fields like I do that these are  there are actions that we can take the [rentals] prices up. Coming off the quarter we now expect our rate increase to be about 3% to the full year instead of the original outlook of 3.5%. Regardless of any headwinds, we will continue to transfer underutilized fleet to areas of higher demand where our sales force has more leverage to negotiate rate and we will have even more opportunity to get the equipment on rent as we go into our seasonality as it picks up. We are focused on achieving that optimal balance of metrics that we have talked about before that is where rate and time utilization intersect to drive returns. We see this as being absolutely essential as we continue to capitalize on the up cycle. And a large measure is within our control regardless of external developments. Now let's turn to the marketplace starting with specialty rentals the organic revenue growth in our specialty segment was 25% in the quarter and EBITDA was up 57% trench safety and power were particularly strong. Specialty rentals are a high margin business and help drive our fifth consecutive first quarter increase at EBITDA margin company wide. We will expand all of our specialty lines this year with an addition of approximately 18 new branches. This will give us the strategic presence in new trade areas and strength in our cross-selling abilities. From a broad perspective our operating environment continues to match up favorably against last year. Our sales force is reporting high level of project starts and if anything our customers are even more optimistic than we were in December. And this is true of our large national accounts as well as regional operators and local contractors. We are serving a diverse customer base that has maintained a healthy balance year-over-year going into April. Key accounts represent 65% of our base by revenue that includes national accounts at 46% of our base. And our local customers, which we classify as unassigned account picked up slightly to 35%. Now turning to geography, on a constant currency basis, all but one of our regions are year-over-year growth and that one is nearly flat. The mid Atlantic south, mid west and mountain west regions had a particularly strong quarter. And I want to give a nod to our industrial team which has continued to score wins in the downstream energy sector. And then she gets bad rap right now but from our perspective we are seeing some impressive numbers. We currently have commitments for eight multi-billion dollar energy projects, four which are underway, two are in the [dirk] stage and the other two will kick off in 2016 and 2018, all of these are three to six year projects in Texas and Louisiana. But beyond energy we are seeing many different sectors pickup for example, our major infrastructure project  renovations in Ottawa and Montreal. Large stadium projects in Atlanta and Fort Lauderdale and renewable such as wind farms in Kansas and I want to share something here about Texas which is a large and diversified markets for us. If you exclude pump the increase in rental revenue was in the mid teens on a year-over-year basis. That points to a solid demand outside of upstream oil and gas. We have always have to write out some sector related cycles but the fundamentals of our markets are very strong. We should see broad based growth well beyond 2015 as our customers take on more work and secular penetration adds an extra layer of demand. Most industry forecast supports this view. One recent release is the consensus construction report put up by the American Institute of Architects that takes into account seven major forecasters including Dodge and Moodys. Report concludes that commercial constructions, which is our bread and butter as forecaster remain on a strong upward trajectory hotels, office buildings, and retail are just some of the areas  just few of some of the areas projected to contribute to that growth. And the institutional sector which had disciplined decline in 2014 appears to have bottomed out. The consensus is that institutional construction will reverse to a gain in 2015 and climb again in 2016 and that's good news for markets such as health, education and public safety. So that gives you an idea of where we see the challenges and the opportunities in 2015 and to some degree in 2016 as well. Taking everything into consideration we remain confident in our full year guidance of adjusted EBITDA of at least 2.95 billion on total revenue of at least 6 billion. Balancing these metrics behind those numbers in light of the market dynamics and we expect to spend $1.7 billion of gross rental CapEx this year as planned. Now in short we show that we have the right plan, we know we have the right plan in place for 2015 and our strategy for long term profitable growth remains intact. So with that I will ask Bill to cover the financial results and then we will take your questions. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike and good morning to everyone. We have got a lot to cover here so I am going to try and streamline my comments about the actual, so we can save a little time to touch on the refinancing that we did, touch on our oil and gas experience for the first quarter and also the outlook. Real briefly on the financials, we had a good revenue result in the quarter. Rental revenue was up by almost 12%, 11.9% as Mike called out let's say $120 million improvement and the drivers were  the ancillary and re-rent revenue performance for the quarter was good. We had about $14 million year-over-year improvement from those two combined. The bulk of it being ancillary pickup delivery and our RPP program, re-rent was just a little better than flat year-over-year so that was about $14 million of the 120. Within owned equipment revenue, OER, rental rate growth you saw was 2.9%, we translate that into about a $26 million improvement over the last year. On the volume front we had 8.1% volume improvement and that translates into about $72 million of volume impact which I will note includes the impact of having pump this year and not in the first quarter of last year. Also sprinkle throughout the volume and some of the other lines is the FX impact that we experienced in the quarter. I will summarize that at the end. Inflation, replacement CapEx inflation we called it about 2.1% for the quarter and that's the headwind of just under $19 million year-over-year, and then mix all other including some portion of FX accounted for $27 million year-over-year that includes the impact again of the pump acquisition as we talked before pump not only contributed through the acquisition but has a more attractive mix than the rest of the business. And so that was the significant part of that $27 million. So those were the key components of the $120 million improvement and I will just call out separately if you aggregate all of the currency impacts, we estimate that currency cost us about $16 million of rental revenue year-over-year and that certainly is a significant headwind when you think about the growth that we were able to experience. The only other revenue comment that I will make is about used equipment sales, we had another good used equipment sales result in the quarter $116 million and that's up about 6% from last year and also very importantly very robust 50.7% adjusted gross margin for the quarter and as has been the case that was helped not only by solid pricing in the quarter, pricing is measured by proceeds as a percentage of OEC was just under 50% in the quarter. But it was also was supported by our continued focus on the retail channel to get the best margin result there and so selling about 61% of our used sales through retail channel was a nice support for the results. Turning quickly to profitability at EBITDA first, adjusted EBITDA 602.2 was a company record for the quarter as Mike pointed out. As was the adjusted EBITDA margin, 45.8% it was a very robust margin so that's $83 million worth of dollar improvement over the last year and 170 basis points worth of margin improvement as well. Flow through in the quarter was strong at 60.6% and we will certainly touch on some of the drivers there in the year-over-year EBITDA Bridge. Speaking of which that $83 million of improvement was driven by volume, primarily volume was up about $51 million of the $83 million year-over-year improvement, rental rates contributed another $24 million toward that 83 improvement. The Cat.Class mix primarily from the impact of adding pump we would call that about $14 million of incremental improvement and then we also had the improvement from ancillary and re-rent revenues that I called out earlier that's about a $7 million improvement on the incremental of 14 million of revenue that I called out. Incentive compensation accrual for the first quarter this year compared to last year reflecting some of the headwinds that we experienced with oil and gas, weather and currency so that contributed $6 million of year-over-year improvement. Used equipment sales already called out the sales margin improvement that was about $5 million of improvement and then a few headwinds items. The fleet inflation and mix component combined was about $13 million headwind versus last year. Bad debt expense we reverted to a more normal bad debt expense this year compared to a solid bad debt expense performance last year so that cost us about $8 million in year-over-year EBITDA and then merit increases were about $6 million of the impact this year as well at least about 3 million of all other knits and knots combined. So all in all, a very robust EBITDA result in the quarter even in spite of the headwinds. As Mike called out on EPS, it was a great EPS result for the quarter as well a $1.34 thats up almost 50% against the $0.90 of adjusted EPS that we delivered in the first quarter last year. So another good result there. Moving onto free cash flow, continue the good result commentary $450 million of free cash flow in the first quarter and thats up from $278 million in the first quarter of last year with minimal merger related adjustments showing up in the current quarters, its only about a million dollar worth of merger related payments. So, the way we talk about free cash flow on an adjusted basis we would call $451 million. A variety of different drivers including the operating profitability we also had lower AR and the timing of some of the other working capital payments were also favorable for us primarily accounts payable. Rental CapEx for the quarter was $323 million and that certainly a start consistent with the comments we have made previously about the timing of CapEx this year looking similar to last year. As you saw in the outlook we continue to expect to spend a billion seven in gross capital this year for a net of about 1.2 billion. The net rental CapEx in the quarter was just under 210 million for the quarter. On capital structure and liquidity a busy quarter in capital structure actions, you all seen that we refinanced two of our outstanding issues we issued the calls on the [indiscernible] senior subordinated notes and the five and three quarters senior secured notes. We refinanced those issues by issuing two new issues a billion dollars of 4 and 5As, eight year senior secured notes and then another $800 million worth of 10 year senior unsecured. Very attractive overall impact for those refinancing transactions but we didnt stop there, we also amended and extended our ABL facility and increased this size as well so the ABL is now up to $2.5 billion we then drew on that new and improved ABL and used it to partially call the 8% and 1.25% senior notes. And I go through all of that just to note that the timing of those transactions were split between first quarter and second quarter and so as you think about the results in first quarter and as you anticipate the results for the second quarter you have to remind yourself that we will some impacts in the second quarter from those first quarter transactions. In particular well report in the second quarter about $121 million loss on the redemptions that covers both the premium of calling the outstanding notes as well as writing off any remaining deferred financing costs that will happen in the second quarter. When you aggregate it all together we expect that the aggregate run-rate of interest expense reductions from all those transactions should come in to an improvement of about $48 million a year so that gives you a summary. And to put it even more directly our interest expense estimate for cash interest this year, excuse me GAAP interest this year we expect to be about $460 million. So hopefully that will help you as you think through all those transactions. Real briefly on ROIC, company record ROIC result in the quarter 9% and that was a 120 basis points compared to first quarter last year and 20 basis points better than in the fourth quarter. So despite all the headwinds as Michael discussed we continue to be on a path to improving our ROIC which has been a major focus of our efforts. And even with the revised guidance that we provided, we fully expect a very nice improvement in ROIC as we go through the full 2015 year. Before I finish up with the outlook just real brief summary of our progress in oil and gas. We talked in the first about a downside oil and gas scenario and I just wanted to provide a couple of data points about progress against oil and gas and how we compare with that downside. We call that about a $400 million maximum fleet size impact from the downside scenario we laid out. Youll also recall that we said that $400 million impact we modeled it as hitting us in the second quarter. Obviously we didnt expect it would be zero impact until June and then 400 from June on, but we certainly modeled it that way. So that 400 maximum impact averaged out to a $200 million OEC impact over the course of 2015. Were about halfway to that $400 million maximum impact just based on the path of fleet in our oil and gas branches. And in particular when you look at those oil and gas branches most of the impact that weve seen has come from the oil and gas branches that have the highest share of their revenue from oil and gas. If the branch has more than 20% of their revenue from oil and gas in aggregate those branches have seen about a $200 million equivalent OEC impact. For the branches that have less than 20% of their share in oil and gas there has been virtually no impact. So, we find that to be a very interesting feature of how oil and gas is progressing throughout our branches. The thing as Mike pointed that surprises a little bit is that the impact came a little sooner than what we expected but certainly not outside the context of the size of what we expected. But the fact that it came sooner means that it will an effect over the remainder of the year longer than the way we modeled the downside. So, when you net it all together were proud theyre seeing an impact through the full 2015 calendar year on something in the area of 88% of full downside impact that we talked about previously. We call that $36 million of EBITDA as you all recall and so, we proudly say that were seeing something like a $32 million EBITDA impact assuming oil and gas maintains at the level that it is currently. That is not an unreasonable assumption given that when we look at our oil and gas branches were seeing a slowdown in the decline, in fact, if you look at all of our oil and gas branches for the months of March and so far in April, weve actually seen a slight sequential increase in fleet on rent in those branches. So that gives us some level of encouragement that the decline has slowed if not completely arrested. The question is where to go from here and thats going to be the wildcard and we can talk more about that in Q&A if anybody is interested. So thats the oil and gas picture at a very high level, the last thing I would like to update is just the outlook. You saw the announcement essentially what we do is to take off the top end of the revenue and EBITDA ranges, reduce the expected rental rate realization and left everything else unchanged. And we think thats a very realistic view of where we will be for 2015. So, the outlook now is for rental revenue  excuse me, total revenue in the range of 6 billion to 6.1 billion and within that as I said we expect rental rates to be approximately 3% for the full year. Time view, weve not changed our view 69% for the full year or an increase of about 20 basis points and an adjusted EBITDA were now in the range of 2.950 billion to 3 billion for that measure. Were continuing to target a 1.7 billion of gross capital spend for a net of about 1.2 billion and we continue to expect free cash flow to be centered around 750 with 725 on the low side and 775 on the high side. All of that will net out to our continued expectation of leverage at the end of the year at about 2.6x, net debt to EBITDA and that assumes that we complete the share repurchase program at $500 million in calendar 2015. You all saw that we did spend about $316 million on share repurchase in the first quarter that brought in 3.5 million shares at an average price of about $89.16 in the quarter and we continue to believe that spending on a path to 500 is the right place to be for right now for 2015. Obviously well continue reevaluate as we see how profitability and cash flow develop as well as how the stock price trades. So, those are the key points that I wanted to make and certainly would welcome all your questions. It was a solid quarter for us, when you step back and look at the results with some headwinds that not only had we to deal within the first quarter well have to continue deal with going forward. But, weve got confidence that we got a program that can get us to the outlook that weve given and certainly will update you as we go forward. So with that operator Ill ask you to open up the call for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Seth Weber from RBC Capital, your question please.
Seth Weber: Hi, good morning everybody.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning Seth.
Seth Weber: Im wondering can you talk a little bit more about the redeployment, Bill I think you mentioned, youve seen about $200 million of fleet thats been affected so far in the oil and gas regions. I mean, can you size for us how much of fleet youve redeployed year-to-date so far, where is it going, is it going into the region, is it going out of state to just to non-residential construction markets. And I guess, can you talk, how do you think the non-res markets are going to shape up competitively, weve heard anecdotally about the independents kind of adding more fleet recently, I think Michael you mentioned competitive pricing so can you help us kind of frame all that stuff, thanks?
William Plummer: Sure Seth, I will start with sizing and Mike, Matt you guys if you want to chime in on words going. The way we look at it we got about $80 million of fleet that have come out of oil and gas branches going into non-oil and gas branches and primarily that $80 million has come out of the branches that more than 20% share of branches that I mentioned earlier. So the issue has been concentrated in those high share oil and gas branches and we responded there with the de-fleeting of about $80 million so far. The challenge of course is putting that fleet on rent usefully elsewhere we think we stepped up to the challenge. It is more of a challenge in the first part of the year than it will be in the second and third quarters in particular just given the relative busyness of those quarters compared to first quarter. So, we are encouraged by our ability to mitigate by moving fleet around as to where its going and so that the environment that is facing you guys want to add anything.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Yes Seth, so we are seeing and you can look at the construction growth maps that are in the deck on slide 14 specifically of where the demand is and we are shipping the assets to where the demand is. The good news as Bill said that demand will increase as we get into our -- the seasonal uptake will be in our favor. And as we look at our non-oil and gas branches the encouraging news is that they are acting very similar to how we expect them to act to how they have acted in the past and as we sit here today we are seeing both time and sequential rate in those non-oil and gas branches yet the ramp up that we need to hit our goal so that's where its going to go, the end markets and the demand tell us that the opportunities is there and most importantly we have the team and the customers and the footprint to deploy it there.
Matt Flannery: Yes, I will only add that I think you asked the question where is it going and its actually most of it is staying within the region where its coming off rent. We are doing transfers we are also doing sales and redeployment of capital that's an ongoing effort for us and we will continue to do that but I also want to point out one thing if you recall over the last several years we have been very disciplined in the way in which we have given our capital and over the years many of our non-oil and gas regions have been looking for fleet. So this is their opportunity, they are taking it and we are supplying them.
Seth Weber: Okay. And if I can just on  as a follow-up to that I mean can you just talk about how deep into the year and where do you expect to make the CapEx your billion seven CapEx decision where does kind of  where do we kind of get to the fork on the road on the billion seven number is it if you don't see trends and pick up is it May or June or how deep into the construction session will you go with that versus just continue to move more fleet around?
William Plummer: Yes, I will start Seth, and the guys will chime in please. I think maybe it would be helpful to come at it from the other direction. How late can we go before we have to make a decision about reducing CapEx if we decide there and the answer is [indiscernible] I mean as we top it for we don't have a lot of  we don't have the cancellation penalties or lot of constraint on our ability to pullback once we placed orders up until the point that shipped we can cancel it for the most part. And so that gives us a tremendous runway to make that call. Certainly we want to see how the second quarter ramps up and get a real solid feel for that before we start making any decisions.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I will add to that is we are not  we don't need to make that decision and we are not trending towards that decision because as you look at the data, when you take pumps out of the equation even absorbing oil and gas we are ten bips down in the first quarter and thats improving and when you look at the non-oil and gas branches in Q1 they were actually 40 bips up on a year-over-year basis so if we deliver 3% rate 79% time that's the good reason to spend that 1.7, we do have the flexibility in case anything changes as Bill stated but we feel good about being able to deploy that as well as 18 constructs that we are doing in the full year many of which are opened already. So actually its 21, its specialty and 3 general that we have already opened up. So those are all the reasons why we feel like deploying the capital is something that we will be able to do.
Matt Flannery: Yes, it was 69% time not 79%.
Seth Weber: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna. Your question please.
William Plummer: Hey Ted.
Ted Grace: Hey gentlemen. How are you?
Michael Kneeland: Good Ted. Doing well.
Ted Grace: I was wondering if you could walk through the sequential progression of time utilization in 1Q and then pretty much kind of like whats happened in April, what gives you confidence that trajectory can reverse out that a lot of the challenges they are reversing out. I know you mentioned that the oil and gas branches that rate of decline has slowed dramatically but could you maybe just help quantify that with some of the time utilization data points that you can talk about?
Matt Flannery: Sure Ted, its Matt. So the time utilization in January was 63.7% and February was 63.9% and in March it was 64.9% and when we talk about April we see that gap that March was our biggest gap on the year-over-year perspective we see that gap narrowing and as we sit here today we are very close to and this is all in, this is not just non-oil and gas we are very close to being on top of year-over-year time utilization. More importantly as we look at the OEC on rent bill, we have had a very strong two weeks and this is when we need that bill. April, May and June or Q2 is where the bill has to come and we are expecting to cross over the year-over-year time utilization somewhere in mid May that's our target that's whats got to happen and then have some sequential improvements from there on a year-over-year basis as well as seasonal increase. So that I don't if I answered your question that's the data that we are sharing today.
Ted Grace: Yes that's helpful. I think that helps. People understand kind of what that curve looks like. And then I think did you mention that in the first quarter non-oil and gas branches time utilization is up 40 basis points?
Matt Flannery: Yes.
Ted Grace: Okay, versus the recorded of negative 40?
William Plummer: That's right. Correct.
Ted Grace: Okay and then okay that's really helpful. The second thing I wanted to ask is just as a follow up on Seths question on oil and gas exposure. Quarter ago you walked through the frame work its very helpful you updated data the reasonable worst case scenario is 88% to that $36 million did I hear that correctly is that you still feel that the reasonable worst case scenario is that $36 million or I just want to make sure we understand what the updated kind of messages on the frame work?
William Plummer: Yes, we do still think that's the reasonable way to think about maximum downside Ted as I said the impact came sooner in the year than what we modeled certainly and then what we expected quite honestly. So but yes, I would still say that $36 million is a reasonable downside scenario. Remember when I said the 88% the $32 million I think I said of impact is our view right now that's excluding some of the mitigation that we have been and will be doing over the course of the year. That $80 million of fleet that I said came out of oil and gas and went into other non-oil and gas branches. We haven't given any benefit for mitigation from that fleet being moved the way it has. So that's why we think that the $36 million is still a reasonable downside for EBITDA impact from oil and gas this year.
Ted Grace: Okay and so the last thing I would ask, you squared up that against the updated EBITDA guidance 2.95 to 3.0 you kind of hit 25 at the midpoint. How much of that is the updated oil and gas expectations just to understand how thats baked into the updated guidance?
William Plummer: We work that explicit when we set the range and therefore set the midpoint on the new guidance Ted, what I would say is that what we feel is that if oil and gas continues where it is now or even deteriorates a little bit more it would have been a part of the reduction in the midpoint of the range but not the entire reduction, right would still certainly have the impact to currency thats continuing throughout the course of the year. We did have the weather impact and we are going to claw away back from that in the second quarter here that continue to impact the full year, so I dont know how to categorize it numerically but I say oil and gas was part of it but everything else we experience in the first quarter was part of it.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would add Ted is and there is a $25 million number on rate so just absorbing that half a point of rate change is part of that.
Ted Grace: Okay. Well solid quarter guys and best of luck this quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: Hi, yes. Thanks guys. Good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: My first question is just clarifying Teds points so the 32 million and Im sorry if were going on about this but the 32 million impact that you guys now expect from oil and gas, is that fully baked into your guidance, like is it in the low end, is it in the midpoint, is it in the high end of new EBITDA range?
William Plummer: It is baked into our guidance. We are not characterizing whether it puts us at the low, medium or higher. Its in our thinking when we set the guidance to start.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. Thanks for clarifying that. And then my second question is it seems to me like the new 3% rate guidance is assuming that we kind of get normal seasonality from here which make sense and you guys are already trying to see a pickup in those oil and gas states, but I guess my question is what you see from a rate perspective quarter-to-date during early April, does that gel with a 3% rate guidance that you have and whats the downside risk at that point that we could have a down revision, what would we need to see the deterioration in oil and gas prices in market for that outcome to occur?
Matt Flannery: Sure Nicole, I will take that its Matt. So as far as the rate guidance what we are seeing in April is that weve gotten back to flat and now we can get our sequential clients that we need that as you pointed out. We usually get into season and you are looking at about six tenths a month May through November and then a small drop in December and something that looks similar to that and the good news is as we look at our history we have done that before. So between the strengthening end market and the fact that we have the tools and the capability of doing it is why we felt comfortable setting that target at 3.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay got it. Thank you. I will pass it on. 
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hey Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Good morning guys. I am just curious with regard to the guidance and the softness in the quarter with regard to rate could you address 4X, I think you talked about the rental revenue impact in the quarter could you speak to EBITDA and then just other drivers of the rate guidance is it predominately the oil impact are there other things on asset class geography?
William Plummer: So on currency I called out $16 million of revenue impact in rental revenue and about $7 million in EBITDA as we look for the full year of currency stays -- you can use 60 and 30 as the full year impacts for the remainder of 2015 and that is considered in our guidance as well. So that's the currency story. Then I am sorry what was the other part of your question Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks its helpful enough Bill, I guess just as a follow-on when moving around assets from the oil locations, could you speak to the asset classes that are being moved and what's just coming off and not going back and what are the asset classes that you are moving and what's having more success or not and how that ties the rate as well. Thanks.
Matt Flannery: Sure Scott. Its Matt. So as far as the assets that are moving, what you would expect rich forkless, some boom, some light towers, as well as pumps. If you ask me which one are the most challenge to move, until we further build our footprint we have headwind to move in the pumps as fast as we move the other more fungible assets but that was always our game plan when we made the pump acquisition was to grow out that footprint and penetrate other markets as well as chasing our cross sell opportunity. You will see in the slide deck and I think its slide 35 that we have identified $80 million of cross sell opportunity. So we don't only have the strategy and the hope we actually have the opportunity to continue to move some of those pumps out of the oil and gas and into existing customers through cross sell. So stay tuned for what our close rate will be but there is an opportunity out there that we have identified and that we are chasing and that would be the last part of the asset class that we need to move more aggressively it would be the pumps. 
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc.
Joe Box: Hi guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Joe.
Joe Box: Mike you said earlier that you expect the competitive rate environment as we start to get into the summer months. I am curious is that across the board or is that much more concentrated in the energy exposed markets and I apologize if I missed this earlier but do you give us a break down on rental rates within the energy markets versus outside?
Michael Kneeland: We gave the -- its hard for us to break it that way because the way in which we do the ARA, its a weighted average on the asset class. Its hard to break it out that way. With regards to the competitive marketplace I just think that typically look we all have a bad winner, we all had the oil and we see that the competitive marketplace will change as the season swings to a more seasonal opportunity. So, we just see being more competitive. I wouldn't take it anything more than thats a nutshell.
Joe Box: I mean do you think its fair to say that inside energy is negative and outside energy is kind of in-lined with that 3.5% plus that you had highlighted earlier?
Michael Kneeland: I would say that -- I would quantify it by saying that the non-ONG would be, you would see a normal trend that you would normally see that we have experienced overtime as opposed to what we with the  when you add the ONG in it gives us that full impact.
Joe Box: Understood. One last one for you. Bill it looks like there is only about a $6 million difference between the revenue contribution that you are getting from rental rates and then the offset from fleet inflation and that doesn't give you a whole lot of wiggle room, we know what you are guiding for rental rates but what are you expectations for fleet inflation. I am kind of curious if rental rates continue to exceed inflation or if they got a parity or even negative from here?
William Plummer: Yes, the expectation is for fleet inflation to continue sort of the trend that has been, we are replacing something like 15% of our fleet every year and we continue to experience inflation on new purchases at something like the couple of percent a year so when you aggregate that over the average life what we are replacing we are going to stay in that 2% area for fleet inflation going forward and so if we deliver the above 3% that we are talking about for rental rates we still got a spread. My expectation is that the inflation won't change dramatically and I certainly expect that that will continue to drive rates as hard as we can, so I won't give you a long range forecast, we talked about delivering 3% a year rental rate improvement over the long haul for a long time thats been our long term view. Oil and gas has made that challenging this year but I dont see a reason to change that longer term view as we said right here.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Joe. I would only add that aside from just rate is not the only thing that we are leaning on, we are also looking at driving efficiencies in our process improvements. We continue to march down that path and so we are looking at ways in which we can become more efficient and driving not only our fleet but also our cost structure around that process.
Joe Box: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso: The rest of the year guidance that the first quarter incremental EBITDA number was some and margin was pretty healthy, it was 61% but when you look at the rest of the year guidance it requires a bit of step up with the incremental EBITDA margin has to be around 76% ahead of the year. So Im just kind of walk through either some cost reductions that we can think about to expect the incremental EBITDA margin to accelerate that much as the year goes on or mixed issue, I think you can just dive into that a little bit of more.
William Plummer: Yes, thanks David. So I called out the impact of one particular item bonus accrual difference year-over-year was $6 million in the first quarter, if we continue on the path that we are on thats going to continue to contribute as we go throughout the rest of the year. In fact the contribution will increase because last year we increased our bonus accrual as the year were on second half we ran very strong versus our plan and so we accrued up to a much higher level for last years bonus. This year assuming we stay and deliver the guidance that we have given its going to be less and so that $6 million will go up a little bit in future quarter. So that will help and as you know the incremental margin calculation is very sensitive even to reasonably small dollar amount. So, I think thats one example to Mikes point we got very intense focus on productivity overall, we realized what was the number 7 million of year-to-date impact of our efficiency our main focus and that set a run rate of $42 million. So, we will continue to drive that run rate higher and the realized about higher as we go forward as well. So thats going to contribute and help support the incremental margin and then I say that debt expense is always a little bit of wildcard but we think that there could be an opportunity in that debt expense as we drive some process changes internally to focus on how effectively we collect. So, I think those are the things that I point to you that give us some confidence that the 60% flow through margin are flow through that we talk about is very realistic for the year.
David Raso: Would you  given its -- your control for something really could just make confident if you need to can you help us a little bit more in quantify the potential benefit from the accrual on the bonus because this quarter say you need another $20 million of help year-over-year on accrual bonus to get to the 76% incremental for this quarter thats a pretty healthy jump this quarter the benefit was only six. So just give us more comfort that that is a lever that you could pull, I mean can that add not 6 in the second quarter and third quarter could it be 20s and 30s I mean, is it that significant a number?
William Plummer: It could be, right now if you are looking for a number Id say something in the neighborhood of just Im hesitating, Im going too far here but in the middle to upper 30s it could be.
David Raso: On the year-over-year benefit? Okay thats something under your control, I am sorry was that full year or per 
William Plummer: That's full year. And it could be a little bit more depending on how the year plays out. Again that's  it depends on how the year plays out and how we do versus the target that we set for the year.
David Raso: Okay. Alright. Then on the rate the comment Matt about 60 bips per months get you to the I am not sure if you are quite get there but when you get close I guess more for the cadence even if we can do that there appears the rate for the second quarter would still be lower than the 29 we just printed. So I am just trying to get a sense of the cadence when do you expect quarter to show above 3, I am just making sure we  Im trying to figure out when do we make that harder decision on CapEx utilization, rate and I would think you need to make that decision probably as you said by the end of the second quarter if not maybe a little earlier. Whats the cadence or rate increase this year-over-year that we should be thinking about to help think about that trigger decision on CapEx?
Matt Flannery: So if you do the math you will see that you don't cross the 3  you don't get the three threshold until the second half of the year. So we understand that. We understand that the headwind that we got in Q1 compounds and has the carryover effect to our Q2 results when you look at the year-over-year and that's within our modeling and where we are expecting so you are talking towards the end of the third quarter and then moving on from there.
David Raso: Okay that's helpful. Okay I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
George Tong: Hi, good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning George.
George Tong: I want to drill into the downside scenario. In your prior earnings calls you noted 400 million of fleet would be affected by oil and gas and then you assume you could mitigate half of that by redeploying the fleet so that's about 200 million of fleet affected and then previously you had assumed, you expected only half year impact so that worked out to be 100 million of fleet affected. 100 million of fleet assuming 60% dollar utilization gives you $60 million of revenue impact and then $60 million revenues on 60% EBITDA flow through gets you to the $36 million EBITDA downside. So it appears your prior downside 36 million assumes a half year impact and assumes you can mitigate the downside by redeploying the fleet. So given the greater part of the year has been affected by oil, does that increase the downside beyond 36 million?
William Plummer: Yes. That's what I was trying to call out. The fact that weve now experienced the equivalent of $200 million decline for now its going to be three quarters assuming it doesn't get any worse or doesn't get any better it will be three quarters of 200 of impact and one quarter at an average of zero to 200 so call it a net affect of $175 million of impact before mitigation and then the math flows through from there to that 88% or $32 million number that I gave earlier. But the mitigation I want to point out, the mitigation is not included in that calculation on the 80 million of fleet that came out of oil and gas and with somewhere else. We would have to do a separate calculation of the mitigation impact of that and that's why I said that I don't believe that there will be a full $32 million impact that we will experience but something less than that. And I try to range it between 18 and 36 and you probably say 18 and 32 as the realistic range. So that's how we are thinking about it this year and obviously it requires us to continue to mitigate pretty aggressively with the fleet that does come out of oil and gas and as I pointed out that's harder to do in the first part of the year in the first quarter that it is when things get busy in second and third quarters so we are encouraged by our ability to mitigate even more effectively as we go forward. Hopefully that answers if not ask again George.
George Tong: Yes. No, okay. That makes sense. If I look at your updated guidance range for revenues and EBITDA at the midpoint of the range EBITDA flow through works out to be 70%, you are still maintaining 60% flow through target for the full year so this addresses either EBITDA will be below the midpoint or revenues will be above the midpoint or both. Can you comment on which of these you are thinking about as you target 60% there?
William Plummer: Yes, this is where the range is always make life challenging. I mean what I  I don't want to go further than just the ranges that we have given and the fact that we believe that revenue and EBITDA will fall within the range given the sensitivity of the calculation the combination of those two will get you at least to the -- about 60% flow through that we expect and not going further than that George otherwise we might as well give you the whole forecast right.
George Tong: Thank you.
William Plummer: That might be happy for some of you but not for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Joe.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. First on just on end markets. It sounds like non-res feedback that you are getting through the market remains pretty constructive because you talk about with the 8% or so fleet growth that you have baked in on the current CapEx guide, what the underlying breakdown is on say a non-res growth that you anticipate to drive that versus the industrial growth that you anticipate within that?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I don't know that we break it down specifically in those two categories. There is two pages on our deck that parses it out by state. The forecast and industrial growth rate for 2015 is 3.3 and the non-res construction is 6.2. So it gives you a lot of detail by state within those two categories. Beside from that some of the macro things the [eye] index just came out that's another positive by the way that's 11 of the last 12 months that shows a positive trend and it seems to have build particularly in construction and industrial and it was 50.9 in January. It was 51.2 in February and in March its 53 so you continue to see that momentum that's building and that is the future leading indicator and then when you couple that with housing and the conscientious report that I mentioned those are some of the backdrops for some of the leading indicators that we are thinking about.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thank you. And then just back on rental rate given some of the details you have provided and I guess but without knowing exactly where March wound up are you able to just sort of frame what the rental rate for 2Q would be if you see the sort of typical sequential climbs through the course of the quarter?
William Plummer: Yes, Joe its Bill. It would be below the 29 year-over-year for the full quarter that we achieved in Q1 so I mean you can do the math. It comes to about 2.5% in the second quarter just on the sequential month the way Matt described it and that certainly reflects the strong second quarter that we had last year making for it.
Joe O'Dea: Great and on that I mean with the tougher comp in the high flows through I mean I know 60% is a full year target so it seems like that there is a little bit harder comp on getting that 60% incremental maybe in 2Q and it gets better into 3Q, 4Q you have better rental rate support?
William Plummer: You got it. It will be more challenging in the second quarter and then it gets better in the back half.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And due to time constraint this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I would like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator and by the way I want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call. I hope we have given you some insights into our current operating conditions and what we expect in the months ahead. Please be sure to download our updated investor presentation and also feel free to reach out to Fred Bradman in our Stanford office anytime for any additional questions that if we can be of assistance or align up any presentations and/or some field site visits. So thank you very much and operator you can end the call now.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - President and CEO Bill Plummer - EVP and CFO Matt Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group Justin Jordan - Jefferies Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets David Raso - Evercore ISI Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Steven Fisher - UBS. Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected.  A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the companys earnings release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2014, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term.  Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Well thanks, operator, and welcome and good morning everyone. Now I want to thank everybody for joining us on todays call. So lets get started with 2014. It was a great year for us and [weve got] another strong year in 2015. Our message today is about progress, discipline and consistency. These fourth quarter calls tend to frame the year-end as a hard stop, but in reality our performance is a continuum and that's especially true this year, when we went into 2015 with so much momentum. Now Ill talk about it in a minute, but first I want to give you the last 12 months that are due, because we turned in some outstanding results.  Our rates were up 4.5% in line with our guidance. 2014 was the fourth straight year we moved the rates higher and we still see opportunity for improvement. We had record time utilization of 68.8% for the full year. And our return on invested capital was also a record of 8.8%. Together, they helped drive more than $2.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA on a rental revenue growth that outpaced the industry growth by nearly two-to-one. And our free cash flow was a homerun for the year. This was due in part to the used equipment margin of 48.5%, another indication of the ongoing recovery.  And we set 1.7 billion on fleet and as you saw last night, our CapEx plan for 2015 is approximately the same with even higher expectations for free cash flow. Not only do we meet or beat every target in our outlook, we did it while making fundamental improvements the way we operate. Take safety for an example. In 2014, we had the fewest number of recordable injuries in our history. And we drove our full year recordable rate down below 1.0 for the first time. It was a 9th consecutive year of safety improvement for us. So clearly its not just a fluke, its a progressive exchange for the better in our culture.  Specialty rentals was another great story. We grew our specialty segment very effectively last year with a disciplined mix of [NA] cold starts, new fleet and cross selling. Our full year revenue gain in specialty which includes the acquisition of National Pump in April was approximately 83% and a gross margin of almost 51%. That's nearly 400 basis points higher than the prior year and our fourth quarter margin for specialty was up nearly 500 basis points. Company wide, all but one of our regions had year-over-year rental revenue growth for the quarter with more than half of the region showing double-digit growth.  And we had a very solid increase in key account revenue up [16%] year-over-year. National accounts which is a subset of our key accounts grew more than 18%, so from every perspective a very strong year. We demanded a lot of ourselves in 2014, and I am happy to say that we outperformed our own expectations. Now lets talk about this year. I'm going to start by acknowledging the concern that's out there about the effect of oil prices on our industry.  Look, we're not running this business with rose-colored glasses and we dont plan to be caught by surprise. Weve dug deep into this issue and while we havent seen any significant attrition to date, we do expect some impact as rig counts come down. Now we're constantly pulling the field, not just to measure upstream oil activity, but also to gauge any knock-on effect. And weve done a lot of detailed analysis based on conservative assumptions to identify our exposure. And Bill is going to share some of those numbers with you in a moment. But I can tell you where they came out. Yes, we think oil prices will reduce demand for certain types of equipment in a handful of areas.  But we disagree very strongly with the idea that our growth is at risk and Ill give you five good reasons why we feel this way. First, upstream oil and gas accounts for only 6% of our business company wide. That's a very modest exposure given our fleet can be utilized for other types of customers. Even in the battlefield states or a state like Texas, weve got deep customer relationships outside of oil. Currently more than 80% of our rental revenue in Texas comes from infrastructure, manufacturing, transportation, commercial building and a host of other industries.  Second, weve strong systems in place for fleet management, including the relocation and the repurposing of CapEx through used sales. And if circumstances change dramatically, weve the flexibility to reduce our CapEx spend for the year. Weve done this before when warranted and we wouldn't hesitate to do it again. Third, we believe that any drag on demand for upstream oil will be mitigated by the positive effect on other industries. Take chemical manufacturing, one of our key sectors. When oil prices decline, manufacturing costs drop, production is stimulated and consumer purchasing power increases.  The current growth rate of the US chemical industry is forecast to accelerate to at least 2016. This is just one of many examples. Fourth, the geography plays to our advantage. Our upstream oil exposure touches just a fraction of our footprint in any meaningful way. Now keep in mind, we serve 49 states and 10 Canadian provinces. That gives us a lot of room to deploy our assets. The reality is the [field] has been asking us for significantly more CapEx than we spend for a few years now. And weve been very disciplined in reining in that number.  So if we decide to move fleet due to localized weakness, weve branches that are eager to take it. And fifth, we know how to outperform our end markets as well as our industry. Weve shown you that for years. In 2014, our 15% rental revenue growth was more than three times the year-over-year growth in non-res construction in November, thanks in part to secular penetration. And it was nearly twice the revenue growth of our industry overall. Not only is there still a lot of runway ahead in the industry up cycle, the macro economy is also trending in our favor.  Many economists predict the US GDP growth will be in a range of 3 to 3.3% for 2015 with lower unemployment, more consumer spending on goods and services and a return to housing starts. And to the degree that any uncertainty still remains in our end markets, that actually works in our favor because we offer an alternative to large capital outlays. So when Global Insight forecast nearly 8% rental industry growth for North America in 2015 and with more growth to follow in 2016, which they did on Sunday you can take that as a starting point. But be assured weve bigger plans.  Bottom line, this recovery has already its share of bumps, and we think oil prices will be another bump. Given our scale and diversification we do not see this as a road block. In fact, we think the bigger picture is that low oil prices could have a significant upside for us over time. And more immediately, we will keep moving forward in a better than expected fourth-quarter by making disciplined investment to capture profitable business. Ive already mentioned that our specialty group is on a fast track. Power and HVAC in particular turned in a standout performance with 27% same-store growth and a 61% increase in revenue overall in 2014.  For 2015 weve earmarked a $170 million or about 30% of our [gross] rental CapEx to meet the increasing demand of our specialty fleet. And we plan to open at least 16 new branches, this includes cold starts for all of our specialty lines, power and HVAC, trench safety, pumps and tools. Our growth in specialty also reflects cross-selling to our broader operations where we're seeing good diversity in large projects. For example, our central US districts are predicting a big year with the wide range of projects underway or with the start dates in the next few months.  This includes healthcare, education, hydropower, renewables, bioresearch and transportation to name a few. Further west, weve got equipment on mega sites like [LAS] and a queue of major project work lined up. In the southeast are our mixed use developments, sports arenas, theme parks and airports. And in the [northeast] our customers in the high-growth verticals are hungry to stamp up any fleet that comes available, and that's typical to many of our regions.  I hope I have given you a substantial insight into our thinking on 2015. Our outlook is positive because the facts support it. If we like what we see, we like what we hear from our customers then every indication is that the equipment rental is going to look at a multi-year up cycle with an ongoing recovery in our end markets and a tailwind from secular penetration. But we're also agile and we are well prepared to respond to any changes in our operating environment. We plan to spend $1.7 billion in rental CapEx this year, because we believe the demand is there.  And we can adjust that number either way and regarding to at least $6 billion of revenue and approximately $3 billion of adjusted EBITDA, because we believe that we can hit these marks. Weve done the math and we are already moving forward on our goals. So now Bill will cover the financial results and then well take your questions. So over to you, Bill. 
Bill Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good morning to everyone. Ill move through the financial results pretty quickly, so we can save some time to talk about the oil and gas analysis Mike mentioned, and the outlook which we wanted to make sure that we get. Ill start with revenue. Rental Revenue was a pretty strong quarter for us as Mike mentioned. Total rental revenue increased 16.5%, that's a $187 million year-over-year in the quarter. And as usual Ill bridge that 187 number. Re-rent and Ancillary continue to be nice contributors to revenue growth for us. Re-rent and Ancillary combined were up 26 million year-over-year.  But the real driver is Owned Equipment Rental Revenue growth. That was up 16.3% for the quarter or a $161 million year-over-year. Here are the components of that 161. Rental rate up 4.1%, as you saw drives about $40 million worth of year-over-year revenue improvement. Volume was up 10.7% and that drove a $106 million worth of year-over-year revenue improvement. And that obviously includes the impact of National Pump fleet being added to the volume calculation. Our inflation on the fleet was a headwind. It was 18 million detracting from the year-over-year change and then the [rest], well call it mix and other including FX was a positive 33 million.  Within that 33 million, in addition to the volume that Pump brought along, Pump operates at a higher dollar utilization. So they had a positive impact on mix of about $28 million within the 33. And then I would also call out the effect of FX in the quarter was pretty significant as a headwind, about $10 million of FX detraction from our year-over-year revenue performance. The other components were a sum of a whole bunch of other nips and naps in the year-over-year performance. So those were the key drivers of our revenue performance in the quarter. For rental revenue, I would also point out that we had a very robust used equipment sales result for the quarter.  Used was up 16% over last year and as importantly, the margin was also very good, 48.7% adjusted gross margin on our used equipment sales in the quarter. Certainly helped by our continued focus on driving as much as we can through our retail channel along with the overall market price environment continues to be pretty solid in the fourth quarter. We also just touched on and had a very good new equipment sales quarter with robust growth in new equipment.  On profitability, Ill bridge the EBITDA performance year-over-year for us. We had a company record for fourth quarter of $775 million of adjusted EBITDA and likewise it was a company record, 49.6% margin in the quarter. So that was a $124 million of increase in adjusted EBITDA and a 100 basis point improvement in our margin over fourth quarter of 13. Here are the components of the $124 million year-over-year improvement. The rental rate improvement that I mentioned earlier for revenue drops through the EBITDA at $39 million. That's just using a 95% flow through on the rental rate revenue dollars.  Volume contributed $74 million worth of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA. And then we had a couple of other positives here. Ancillary, re-rent I mentioned along with some other small pieces contributed about $16 million. Used equipment sales, I mentioned the improvement in volume and margin there. That contributed about $14 million of improvement and then a pump, the Cat.Class of pumps because of their mixed contribution contributed about $15 million worth of positive mix impact. Working against those positives, we had fleet inflation. That was about an $11 million headwind.  Additional incentive comp, we've very strong incentive comp year and quarter and our adjustment to the incentive comp there cost us about $10 million over the prior year. That debt expense cost us about $8 million. We had a strong bad debt expense result in the fourth quarter of 13. Weve more normalized result in 14 along with a larger AR balance. So that's the driver there for that $8 million headwind. Merit increases were about $6 million and all other was the remaining one. So those are the components of our adjusted EBITDA change for year-over-year. If you look down at EPS, we had an adjusted EPS of $2.19 for the quarter, up very nicely from $1.59 the prior year. So overall a very, very strong profit picture for the quarter as Mike mentioned.  Real quickly on cash flow, we had a great free cash flow performance in the quarter as well. $557 million of free cash flow the way we calculated, but Ill remind everyone that that includes merger-related cash payments of about $17 million in the quarter. So the way we look at free cash flow in the quarter or excuse me, this is full year. The way we look at free cash flow for the full year is a $574 million result. The real driver there and it did come in stronger than we expected. The real driver was better EBITDA performance along with really, really strong collections. Weve mentioned that before, but our AR collections have been coming in very strong for the last number of months now and that was a big part of the betterment there in free cash flow.  Just real briefly to touch on our share repurchase program. Weve been repurchasing shares. We mentioned that we brought back about a $102 million of shares under the new $750 million authorization in the month of December. We add to that in the month of January. To date in January, we spent an extra $125 million. So we're now at $227 million of repurchases against that $750 million repurchase authorization. So that's the latest update for share repurchase.  Also as Mike mentioned, Ill just reiterate. We had a very nice improvement in our return on invested capital, 8.8% for the full year. And that's a 130 basis point improvement over the prior year with the fourth quarter sequentially improving by 40 basis points. So we feel very good about the return direction that weve the company pointed at. Now lets talk about oil. As Michael mentioned, weve done a lot of work assessing possible impacts from low oil prices. And weve done it in a variety of different ways. We keep coming up with the same conclusion which is that, we think any reasonable expectation for impact is manageable.  Here is one way that we have taken a look at it, we think will resonate with folks. If we look at every branch in our company that has oil and gas revenue, we decided that the best way to look at this was to model that oil and gas revenue taking a significant hit. So in this case, we said any branch that had oil and gas revenue, upstream oil and gas revenue. The upstream portion of their revenue stream, lets assume it takes a 35% hit. In addition for any branch that has more than a de minimis amount of oil and gas revenue, upstream oil and gas revenue.  Lets also assume that everything else, all of their other revenue take a 15% hit. So they get hit 35 in oil and gas upstream, they get hit 15 for everything else. If you do that and add it up across our company, the aggregate amount of fleet that would be freed up by those kinds of impacts would total about $400 million of average annual fleet. So 400 million, you know relative to an $8 billion plus fleet, you could you know say hey, lets dismiss that. That's not significant, but we dont think about it that way. $400 million is certainly a good amount of fleet to move around. Then we further ask ourselves, what could it mean financially?  And we made some assumptions, so the 400 million is the average annual fleet. Will that kind of an impact happen over the full year? We said no. Lets just evaluate having that impact build over the year and say its fully in effect at the second half. So the second half is really where that hit would apply. So that 400 million annual impact really in calendar 2015 would only have the effect of about 200 million on a full-year basis. We ask ourselves, how much of that kind of a downside could we absorb, could we mitigate?  And while many of us could argue that we could absorb all of that kind of a hit, we decided to be a conservative in our downside analysis and assume we could only mitigate half of that. So the 200 million annual rate, we cut down to about a $100 million annual impact that represented real exposure to our company. How much of that $100 million of fleet worth, we assumed a dollar utilization on that. That was very high relative to the rest of our company. We used 60% in our analysis, so 60% is at least 5% percentage points higher than the dollar utilizations that we reasonably could expect in the second half for even the highest performing regions in our company.  So 60% on that $100 million annual impact gives you a $60 million revenue impact and [indiscernible] through at 60% EBITDA, its about a $36 million EBITDA impact. So when you look at it in that light, it doesnt scare you, right. Its not the end of the world to say, there is a $36 million [holed up] that, weve got to figure out a way to fill. And as we said, we think that the options are fairly conservative. The good news as Mike mentioned in his comments is that weve a sense that there is going to be robust demand in other areas outside of oil and gas.  And other product types that we think can help address even if this what weve believe is a [indiscernible] downside plays out. So thats the way we're thinking about the risk from oil gas and if you add the $36 million impact that we just walked through to or to subtract that from what we expect for the full year, we still feel like we can deliver the range of adjusted EBITDA that weve given in our guidance. Speaking of our guidance for 2015, just to reiterate the key points you have already seen, we expect total revenue in the range of 6 to 6.2 billion. Within that rental revenue will be driven by rates at about 3.5% for year and time utilization of about 69% or twenty basis points improved over the last year.  The adjusted EBITDA range of 2.95 to 3.05, again we feel is a range that represents the most likely outcome for the year. We do expect to spend about a 1.7 billion of gross rental CapEx and have that net down to about 1.2 billion for the year. And free cash flow will be a very robust result for us this year, somewhere between 7.25 and 7.75 is what we expect. Obviously that's significantly higher than the about 600 number that we guided to back in our Investor Day in December. And it really reflects the re-enactment of bonus depreciation for calendar 14, that Congress and President Obama signed just recently.  So put it all together and it looks like a very robust year for us. We wouldnt say that, if we didnt believe that and believe that we had the ability to manage to that, oil and gas certainly is an exposure for us, but it's an opportunity as well. And we're going to look to take advantage of the opportunities that it presents as we always have. And if we can do that, we feel like well be having a good conversation at this time next year.  So with that, that ends our prepared comments and we can open up the call for questions and answers. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna. Your question, please? 
Ted Grace: I was hoping to ask on 2015 margins. You know I know you give revenue guidance, you give EBITDA guidance. And so we can back into kind of whats implied on the margin in an incremental basis. But you know Bill, maybe if you could walk through qualitatively some of the key headwinds or tailwinds, we should just think about influencing where we might come out on that range. So you know things like mix, fuel costs, incentive comp, Lean, inflation, just to help kind of give us some guideposts? 
Bill Plummer: Sure. So Ill start, but certainly Michael, please, please chime in. As we think about top line, you know a couple of things that swirl in the background in our thinking. Obviously walk through our oil and gas risk assessment, but you know the question is, did we get it right? Could it be worse than that? Conversely, could it be better than that? So those are the things that surround oil and gas performance, but that may buy us the revenue one way or another. And Ill leave you to make your own judgment about you know how much risk you think there is.  FX is another factor that we certainly need to be aware of. Yeah, the Canadian dollar has been weakening pretty consistently. Average Canadian was down last year by about you know 6 to 7%. And right now as we said, if it flat lined from where it fits right now at about $0.81, that would be another 6% or so year-over-year headwind from the currency going down. So that's a nontrivial amount of revenue that could -- that could erode. The guidance we gave is total revenue. So youve to be mindful of used and new as well.  And our plan for used equipment sales this year is a reduction over what we achieved in 2014. You know just looking at the difference between gross CapEx and net rental CapEx, you know we're guiding to something like $500 million of used sales proceeds. That compares to 549 this year or in 14. So that will be a little bit of you know an impact to the revenues and maybe keeps the revenue guidance from being higher than it is. And then you know there are other items that might impact at the adjusted EBITDA lines. So for example, we had a very robust incentive compensation this year.  And when we [reach] the incentive comp targets for 2015, our [base line] plan assumes that we hit target and only pay out at target. We paid out you know nicely above target this year. So you know that will impact in a positive way, where we might end up on the adjusted EBITDA line. And a host of other issues, you mentioned Lean. The Lean initiatives are still rolling out and building momentum. You know we finished the quarter, still a little bit of [indiscernible] under here. We finished the year at an annualized run rate of about $30 million of Lean impact. That's up from the 23 that we reported at the end of the third quarter.  So that's another you know factor that's playing through our expectations for 2015. So Ill start there and again, Mike I dont know if you guys want to say anything or if I've have forgotten anything, please jump in. 
Matt Flannery: Well, I think you captured it Bill. Its important to note the difference in used sales is really about what has reached the [indiscernible] in the year. And we dont have as much fleet that we have [indiscernible], so that's our, why we're guiding lower there. If retail opportunities go over and above that, you know or well we may swing, but I think its a good target based on what we want to move out to keep our fleet fresh and to the targets we set, yeah. 
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, I would only add that you know everything that Bill and Matt said is spot on. I think that if you look at the projections of the industry at 8% for North America, is a little bit higher than what we experienced or what they projected in 014. So could there be some you know on rate, could it be opportunities. It could be, I dont know to really, we somewhat tempered it you know as we went into the oil, but that could be an upside for us going forward. 
Bill Plummer: Well one other point Ted is that you know, I know where you are going, right. You are looking at the midpoints of revenue and EBITDA, and saying hey flow through there and comes out at you know pretty high level, 68 plus percent. That's you know an artifact of the fact that we're using ranges and the fact that the flow through calculation is very sensitive. If we were asked point blank, we would still say that we think about flow through for 2015 being something like 60% with [indiscernible] toward the upside because of the net effect of all of the things that I mentioned earlier.  So if you're modeling I would say, you know get your revenue where you want it, at 60% and then maybe put your thumb up to be a little bit higher you know to reflect some of the net benefits that we expect to accrue over the course of the year. 
Ted Grace: That's super helpful. The only follow up I would have is, any willingness to quantify kind of what Lean expectations are? I now you exhibited a run rate of 30, you're targeting a 100+ through the program over a few years. But any sense, could you just calibrate us in what a tailwind might look like this year? 
Matt Flannery: Well you could do the trends, the math, Ted. You could do the trends. I mean we would expect it to follow that trend, right. So weve said external targets, I mean internal targets above that 14. We put even extra emphasis on it this year, but I feel very comfortable that we're, we will keep at steady pace towards that $100 million by the end of 16. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Jordan from Jefferies. Your question please? 
Justin Jordan: I just wanted to talk about the nice problem of having extra free cash flow and what that might mean in terms of changes or the boards thinking about the capital allocation in calendar 15. Because obviously, relative to the guidance you gave on December 4th, essentially youve increased free cash flow guidance by you know 25% overnight. Now I appreciate theres a tax implication here that's not really, you know that much of a percentage again. But is that changing how you think about potential specialty M&A? Is that changing how you think about you leveraging or potentially changing how you think about the amount of stock repurchasing you might do in 15? 
Michael Kneeland: Yes. No, that is -- 
Justin Jordan: You might like to give a bit more [color] on that. 
Michael Kneeland: No, you get one question. I think what weve done with M&A is that we're always looking at M&A opportunities. And I'm flipping, but I don't think it changes how we think about M&A. If we found the right M&A opportunity, then we would go ahead and do that, whether we were at you know 600 or 700 or 775 of free cash flow. So M&A wouldn't change. I think it is fair to say that, you know as we look at the share repurchase program, if you got more cash flow and you want to pass the leverage and you know weve already said, we expect to be towards the low end of the leverage range that you know that we want to operate in by the end of this year.  Right, weve called 2.6 as the leverage ratio we expect before the increase in free cash flow. So I think we would be more inclined to say okay let's not go crazy and go below the 2.5 kind of leverage ratio this year now that weve got more cash flow coming in. So that may change how we think about the timing of the share repurchase program. And I think that's a sensible way to think about it. So that's all still to be discussed and certainly we will talk about more, when we make more decisions. But I think M&A doesn't change, but everything else we kind of put in the mix and say okay, we got an extra $100 million. What do you want to do with it and we will make that call. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital. Your question please? 
Seth Weber: I wanted to talk about your CapEx commentary, specifically you know the comments around flexibility around CapEx. And you know you kept the 1.7 billion gross number for the year. Should we think about cadence this year being similar to how it's been in the prior years of 60-65% in the first half? Or do you hold back some of the spending you know to wait and see how the markets evolve? That's my first question.  And then kind of as add-on to that, I mean it sounds like your specialty as a percentage of growth capital is down. You know I think last year, it was something like, I don't know 270-280 something like that and now it's 170, I think you said. Is that reduction primarily focused on the Pump business or how should we think about you know your growth capital going towards the specialty category? Thanks. 
Matt Flannery: Sure, Seth. I will answer both questions. The first as far as the cadence, if we plan out to being similar to this year, you know that we have a really strong flexibility as far as we don't need to make a decision if we're going to ship until literally a week before it's going to ship. So the second quarter, by April I think we will get a very good feel of it, the second quarter is going to be more or less and it will all be demand driven. The first quarter is light already which is good for us and right now we are restricting the inflow of CapEx obviously in the markets that we think may have a little bit softening in demand in the back half of the year.  So I really think we will get a better picture on how much we adjust from our norm. And I would call last years cadence a new norm, depending on what the demand is and where we're getting our returns and where our customers need our services. So that's how we feel about the cadence. As far as the specialty, we spent, we plan on spending over 30% of our growth capital on specialty. You're talking about more of a gross number when you are referring to last years number. And a lot of that was, I would say re-fleeting our Pump, right so we need that acquisition to grow.  And fleeting up the many cold starts that we have done in our other specialty segments, these specifically power even the year before. So they were now ready to absorb scale. So we really pushed a lot into the cold starts over the last couple of years and we will do some more cold starts this year, but not at the scale that we did over the past few years. 
Seth Weber: Okay sorry, Matt. So my, was my math incorrect. I thought that your specialty last year represented, you know like half of the growth capital or something like that of the -- 
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. You are closed down that number. The Matts point, if you go back to 013, we had a significant amount of our cold starts stop, that were in the later part of the fourth quarter. That a lot of that CapEx ran into 2014 and then the cold starts that we had through the course of the year, and then treating all of those as we went through the year. So in total numbers, it's down. You are right, but it hasn't changed our view on specialty. We do reserve the right on you know Pump to understand what impact upstream could or could not have as we go through our cost opportunities.  And as I mentioned, we will do cold starts with Pump to broaden their reach. And that was one of the key aspects of the acquisition, was making sure that, if you recall 6% of their business was only in our commercial and industrial space. So we see that as a significant opportunity, so it's kind of more of a tempered look if we take a look at it. And as I also mentioned, if there is a need for more growth capital, weve got it and we will do it. And flexibility is built into our model. 
Seth Weber: Okay and then Matt can you, have you seen anything, can you make any comments on used equipment pricing because I think thats something that people are increasingly you know nervous about? 
Matt Flannery: Well other than that [indiscernible], so we enjoyed a real robust fourth-quarter from a volume, a little bit more than we even expected in the month of December and with margins holding flat. So and flat at a very high level, so we are seeing still a robust used equipment market. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your question please? 
David Raso: Hi, on the oil downside scenario, I was just curious what percent of your entire fleet is captured on what you're considering you know at-risk territories? And then secondarily just trying to think through rental rates in that scenario, just trying to capture if you feel there is any potential knock-on effect to rates and territories where other equipment might be going into or you know essentially just even the rates pressure you may see in those weaker energy sensitive markets? 
Bill Plummer: So, I will tackle the rate one first. The 3.5, about 3.5 guidance that we gave is lower than where we were thinking about rates you know, call it a month ago or two months ago. And so in that sense you know we have included some conservatism to you know to a flat effect, that rate could be pressured as that oil and gas dynamic plays out. And yet we still say 3.5, could it be worse than that, obviously it could. But again, we think we have got opportunities to respond and manage it down. I don't remember off the top of my head, the first question of what percent of the fleet. 
Michael Kneeland: Well if you just do the math, right. So we said the 35% knock-on, I mean a 35% upstream would net in about 400 million. So it's over a billion, I would say its somewhere in the billion and 1.2 billion, I don't have the number right handy in front of me. But I think that, well actually, its probably 1.2 billion of fleet that we think will be impacted and those are markets that have oil and gas upstream business today. 
David Raso: Okay, I mean I maybe oversimplifying it. Because that's not everything in these states are driven by energy. But I'm just thinking about 29% of your branches and all branches arent the same, I know that. But just going with the data we have, 29% of branches are in what I would consider nearly somewhat energy-sensitive states in the oil sands. And in your analysis, you're saying kind of roughly half of thats at risk, I guess right because 1.2 of the 8.44 billion of fleet is about 14%. Is that the right way to think of it roughly, half of the branches in those states in the oil sands is sort of at risk? I am just trying to understand the analysis. 
Bill Plummer: Yeah, it's hard to do the analysis based on branches in states and get anything useful in our opinion. That's why we went to the individual locations and tried to reason from what business they have thats exposed right here and now. So we didnt do it, to you know to go to great levels of detail on you know how much fleet that at, you know how many branches or in which states. We have that, I don't know that it's something we want to go through in great detail. But just the $400 million impact, I think really it does capture a pretty good view of what the exposure might be.  But if you don't believe it, okay make it a $500 million impact. Let's say we are off by 25% or even a $600 million impact and say we're off by 50%. You know, the end result doesn't change dramatically, right. Its a still a 35-40-45-$50 million kind of risk, even with conservative assumptions about how far down it goes and how much we can mitigate. I like our chances with that kind of risk scenario.
David Raso: Yeah, no I appreciate. I think the issue is, is there more territory at risk than solely branches that happen to have upstream oil and gas in that region? I mean you know it's just, it's obviously just a debate right now about contagion beyond just those direct areas? And also on the rates, I mean you have done a great job this cycle on saying that, well we're not going to throw capital off the fleet just to grow. We're going to focus on better returns.  Should I expect if, you know if I'm thinking maybe a little more cautiously about the impact in broader contagion, you are going hold the rate before you try to hold utilization? I mean if I had the model from downside sensitivity, should I be taking it more down on utilization, you would argue or taking down on rates. I'm just trying to get a feel for philosophically if things got weaker than your forecast thing? 
Matt Flannery: It will depend right on what the demand is and what we are seeing. But I would say that we are going to have utilization at the levels that it needs to be at because we can do, we can manage that. We can manage how much fleet we put into the market and how much fleet we remove out of the market. So I think we will be very diligent on those rates in time, but time is much more easily manageable. And I think as Bill stated, we built in a little conservatism on the rate because moving the fleet from higher rate areas and you grow fleet into areas that arent your top 10% is going to have some knock-on, whether it's a quarter point or half a point, I don't think we really know yet. But I think we captured it in our guidance. 
Michael Kneeland: And I guess I will [indiscernible] in that then, as we feel that utilization is coming under some pressure, while you want to hold the rate, it might play with it a bit. But the key is, you also have the outlet [indiscernible]. I mean I guess that's the idea. If used prices hold up, you can manage utilization also by just simply shedding some fleet. And I think that's a key issue of used prices. If they hold up, you can do that relatively profitably, but that's you know obviously a part of the debate. So we should think of lets just trying to move the fleet, you also can tap you know the retail market the best you can on selling used. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital. 
Joe Box: I got a question on your construction pipeline on slide 13. And I just want to tie that together maybe with your methodology on guidance. So how should we be thinking about the $370 billion pipeline and how you incorporate that into your guidance? And then maybe just you know to take it one step further, what are your guys on the ground telling you for some of these you know energy sensitive projects that have already started or maybe are just a few months away from breaking ground? Are they concerned about this, or are they you know thinking everything kind of moves forward as planned? 
Matt Flannery: So this is Matt, Joe. So we do have some key account managers that specifically just call on oil and gas. So obviously they are hearing the most noise about whether its future concerns or some job cancellations. But even in that space, the pipeline was so robust that individually they may have opportunities. I think more importantly the other 90% of our key accounts managers are extremely encouraged. Because weve always sent the fleet to the highest return opportunity and oil and gas was pretty hot for a while. You could argue we may have underserved a lot of other opportunities that will give us very good returns and a little bit more geographically diverse.  So I think that, what we are hearing on the ground is encouragement and opportunity in markets like the West Coast, even the Northwest, the Southeast, the mid-Atlantic where you could see the map that we have on the investor deck and I think it was slide 14, where you see theres some real opportunities. So that's what we're hearing, that's why we feel very strong about our guidance, our customers have the demand and our boots on the ground are seeing it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please? 
Scott Schneeberger: I will follow up on Joe's question. On slide 14 that is, it's a nice add. It says construction overall, is that non-res construction, could you specify. And then could you speak to the end markets in those six or seven states where you see the double-digit growth? Thanks. 
Matt Flannery: So would you want to know about the verticals that are or where the opportunities are in those states or just the specific states? 
Scott Schneeberger: No, you would see the states on slide 14. The vertical opportunities in those states and what type of construction specifically? 
Matt Flannery: So I think Mike covered a little bit of it in his opening remarks. When I say its broad, its broad. I mean there is multiple stadiums, multiple car plant expansions, manufacturing. I say the single largest vertical would probably be chemical. Chemical plants have shown robust growth. Even in the state of Texas, right, we talk a lot about the contagion impact in Texas. We have a very large portion of our business in Texas that's chemical related. And that's forecast to be 26% growth in Texas.  So we think that there is many verticals that are positive and places that we are going to serve in 2015. And it is that broad base, just why I am not, I mean chemical stands out. It's just how much growth there is, which is why I'm not holding in on the other vertical because it's very broad. 
Scott Schneeberger: Okay thanks. Just following up on that, how much of that is forecasted and how much of that do you feel is in hand at this point of the year? Thanks. 
Matt Flannery: So I don't have place in front of me right now, but you could think about it as the pipeline through the seasons of the year. And certainly there is less dark right now, although our time [indiscernible] remain very strong. I would say by mid-summer you're going to see at least half of that pipeline materialize in rental opportunity. So and then it's just a matter of how quick things move from it and that's standard with the construction cycle that we have been experiencing throughout my career. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your question please? 
Joe O'Dea: A question just on the potential risk of accelerated fleet growth across the industry with, you know what is a pretty strong backdrop. And really, you know your ability to monitor what your competitors are doing and if there is any particular competitor segment, whether that's by region or size of competitor, that you think would be the largest risk to maybe over accelerating fleet growth and adding some rental rate price pressure? 
Bill Plummer: So yeah, Ill start. You know the ability to monitor is pretty good, right. We're everywhere and we touch I wont say every customer, but a lot of the market. And so weve got real time intelligence on what our competitors are doing. And we feel weve the ability to respond if we think responding is appropriate. And that's one of the advantages of being who we are. In terms of you know what competitor might be most at risk. I wont name names here, Ill leave you to make your own judgment about that. All we can say is that United Rentals is going to be very conscious about any [CapEx] decision, whether its to increase or decrease. And its going to be driven by what weve taken in from the market. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Can you gentlemen talk about what you are hearing from your refining customers? I think there was one of RSCs bigger industrial end markets if I remember their disclosure is right. Weve seen them you know cut back in CapEx, but I think their equipment spend more on the maintenance side of every day type work. Is that right, can you just give us an update for that end market? 
Matt Flannery: Certainly, so weve heard of some CapEx cutbacks and I would say probably more severe in the oil sands than anywhere else. And there have been a couple of projects in the Gulf that have cancelled. But I would say overall, that pipeline is still robust and you are accurate. The large amount of onsite relationships that we acquired during the merger with RSC really, really gives us a strong base to work from. We're not seeing any slowdown of that maintenance at all. As a matter of fact, our industrial region is showing the highest time utilization weve in the company right now, and the highest year-over-year growth.  So and they are primarily on-sites and what I would call a downstream oil and gas and chemical plants. And we're just seeing a real strong growth there and I dont think the maintenance is going to take a hit here. I think its mostly capital spend, which if we really wanted to be rosy, you could say theres an opportunity there for us to get more penetration as capital continues to get cut from some of the end markets. 
Bill Plummer: Yeah just, I was going to just say, also on our slide, you know our customer confidence index, you know reaching. We only, only of the 170 key accounts that we reached out to, only 1% saw a slower growth in 2015. We spent an awful lot of time in preparation for this call, reaching out to our customers, reaching out to our employees. You know I know more about oil in the last two weeks than my 35 years in the industry. And you know I would tell you that, you know we havent seen any significant impact, talking to our customers, steel erectors.  Steel erectors and you take a look at our book of business and bidding. Not one of the projects I saw had any relationship to oil at all. And it was, they would say its a record opportunity and year for them coming up on their bidding requirements. So you know that along with Jerry, the feedback that we're getting from ARA and the Global Insight, which by the way you know has been inside this industry for close to 7 years, maybe longer working with our industry, refining the nuances of their model on you know how this industry reacts to things. When they come out with 8%, you know we take that at the heart. And that's not soft, that's not easy, and we think that that's a good indication of where our industry is going. 
Jerry Revich: Thank you and Matt, just a clarification if you don't mind. The cancellations that you mentioned, was that ground up projects that you are referring to, or is that just brownfield type work? 
Matt Flannery: The ground up projects, and so there were a couple of plants. I mean the pipeline that we went through in our fourth quarter QBRs with our regions, we saw more projects start with a billion than Ive seen in the last couple of years combined. And candidly, if half of those projects cut, I think it will be more robust pipeline than we had over the past few years as far as large projects. And weve seen you know maybe 10% of those get cut off the table right now. Because of the concerns that everybody has, so they will hold up on some of these new construction, new capital projects. But and I still feel that the pipeline as Mike stated and we all stated is very robust and the Global Insight survey just kind of supports what we're hearing from our customers and from our boots on the ground. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. 
Steven Fisher: How would you guys describe your expectations for Canada overall in 2015 relative to the US? I know you just mentioned some oil sands, a weakness, but just Canada overall. And then how easy is it to reallocate equipment from Canada to the US or would you more envision reallocating amongst the provinces? Thank you. 
Michael Kneeland: Ill start and Ill ask Matt to tie in. But you know as part of the overview with ARA, they are looking at a little over a 3% growth for all of Canada. That combines with the 8.5% they are projecting for the US and it would give them just around 8%, 8.1% of growth for North America. I actually think that Eastern Canada, which you know by the way has been down over the last several years, well see some activity there, and you know come forward. The only headwind we would have as Bill mentioned is the currency exchange from our revenue, but in constant dollars we would expect that to grow. So we see that the Canadian market grow and then probably less growth on Western Canada than we have experienced in the past. 
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I would agree Mike. You know well just stay in the same currency right, because that's how I would manage those businesses and judge them. Well see growth in both of those, in both Western and Eastern Canada regions next year. And like all of our regions, we do zero growth CapEx budget, so we're going to have to earn their growth as they stack ranked against their peers. And they fared pretty well in the past and I expect them to fare pretty well in the future, specifically Western Canada. 
Steven Fisher: And in terms of reallocating equipment between Canada and the US, is that something that you would envision doing and then how easy is that? 
Michael Kneeland: I think because we have, when you think about the 1.7 billion of new capital that we spend, you know that's 20% of [8.4] base, if we start with this years base. We historically have been able to re-shift geographically by utilizing equipment sales and either not replacing in that market or not putting growth capital in that market. So weve been able to geographically remix through that. If we had to put trucks under fleet we do that, and there are some intricacies of doing it from Western Canada.  But if it was really dropping, that's not something that we would do. The cost are minimal compared to the opportunity you would have by reallocating. But right now, they are running high time utilization and we're just going to manage the influx into any of these oil and gas markets first. And I think that will prevent them from having to move fleet, but we can react very quickly, whether its Canada or somewhere else to move the fleet. 
Operator: Thank you and our final question due to time constraints comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley. Your question please? 
Nicole DeBlase: So just, most of mine have been answered, but just you know one on utilization. So I was kind of surprising to see that you are guiding for [indiscernible] utilization in 15. Is that also conservatism around oil and gas risk, or are we kind of at the high water mark for utilization, the [cycle]? 
Bill Plummer: I wouldnt say we're at the high water mark. We still feel weve got opportunities to continue to drive utilization. Weve talked in the past, you know of all three of us, probably reading that we can get into the 70s if the market holds and if we do the things that we think we can do. You know the 69% would be up 20 basis points, so I guess you could call that flat if you like.  But that is tempered somewhat like the rate discussion, its tempered somewhat by our concern about oil and gas and about, while we think we could mitigate, we dont know that we will be able to mitigate 100% of any oil and gas quite often. And so we backed off a little than where we were a month or two ago when I talk about 2015. But we still think thats a very robust performance on utilization and Matts comments earlier, you know utilization is something that we certainly have a lot to leverage that we can use, right. If its falling down, you cant sell more or you can buy less and as for as the business you do have over [indiscernible] fleet. So you know we think that we can pull all the appropriate levers and deliver that about 59%. And we think that's, you know that's on the way towards better utilization over the next several years. 
Nicole DeBlase: Okay thanks, Bill, that's really helpful. And then just for my follow-up, I am taking about 1Q, you know as far as what you guys have seen so far quarter to date, shall we expect to see like normal seasonality this quarter? 
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, I would say so. We're experiencing very similar metrics that we did till last year when you look at the rate in time utilization, maybe up [ahead] in time for a couple of weeks. But its early, I think it will fall right in line with our usual cadence. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks. 
Michael Kneeland: Well thanks, operator. I hope weve gone some distance in bringing clarity to what we see as favorable operating environment in 2015.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer Matt Flannery - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ted Grace - Susquehanna Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets David Raso - ISI Group Joe ODea - Vertical Research Eric Crawford - UBS Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Matt Rybak - Goldman Sachs & Company
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the United Rentals Third Quarter 2014 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning everyone and welcome. And thank you for joining us on todays call. Listen, before I begin, I want to mention that obviously were aware of whats going on in the stock market. Its been a wild ride and there are some big issues that need solving in other parts of the globe. But this morning, were going to be focusing on our business and the operating conditions as we see them here in North America, so lets get started. Last night, we reported another strong financial performance and a positive operating environment. In fact Ive used those words before and I am happy to say that theyre true again this quarter. It confirms that our strategy is on track and the construction and industrial recoveries are both gaining momentum. And it shows that we know how to manage the business with continuity and discipline through the early stages of the up cycle. I want to talk more about our environment before Bill goes through the numbers in detail and then after that well take your questions. The first notable thing about the quarter is that our end markets are continuing to rally. Demand is up and we reported a robust 16% increase in rental revenue for the quarter. And more importantly, we accomplished this with record margin and adjusted EBITDA and year-over-year gains in volume, utilization and rates. Volume increased 9.5% year-over-year. Time utilization was very strong at over 71% and we improved rates by 4.7%. Ive talked about the importance of these three metrics before and theyre all valuable measures of performance. And while we manage our assets very strategically over the life of the equipment, were always hungry for more and thats particularly true of rates. Our return on invested capital was 8.4% in the quarter which is our best yet and its another indication that our strategy is on track. And free cash flow increased to $312 million through September. And as you saw last night, we raised our free cash flow target to a range of $475 million to $525 million and we reaffirmed the other five components of our full year outlook. Now, I want to mention a few of the dynamics that help shaped our quarter. One is our new pump business. With the integration of National Pump behind us, weve begun cross-selling these assets to a broader base. We now have four specialty lines in place, trench safety, power and HVAC, pumps and tool solutions. These are high touch, high value services that build loyalty and engage our customers in using other types of fleet. Our specialty segment had an 88% increase in rental revenue in the quarter and a 98% increase in gross profit so are improving our margins as we expand these operations through acquisitions, cold starts and organic growth. Now, its worth noting that excluding acquisitions, revenue was up about 27%. And thats outstanding organic growth. In August, we announced eight specialty cold starts year-to-date and we opened three more in September and we plan another 8 to 10 branches in the fourth quarter, all in specialty. Another area that ties to reoccurring revenue is national accounts. Our national account revenue kept pace with the company performance in the quarter at 16% growth. Its our strongest growth rate for national accounts this year. Now that large projects are picking up, these relationships are becoming increasingly important to our base. And right now, they account for about 40% of our rental revenue. And while national accounts have the small constraint on rates because of negotiated pricing, they support our strategy for the long haul which is to drive returns over time and to mitigate volatility throughout the cycle. Now moving on to the regional front, every one of our region has delivered year-over-year rental revenue growth in the quarter excluding the impact of FX. And in fact, half of our regions showed double-digit growth. Now, one of the standouts was our industrial region which was up 22% due in large part to manufacturing and certain energy verticals that were seeing strong demand from plant expansions and modernizations, particularly in the chemical sector. And while there is a healthy variety of projects across our footprint, our regions are reporting certain types of projects more frequently, they include renewable such as wind and solar farms, hospitals, sports arenas, pharmaceutical and chemical plants and urban office construction. Now looking at the U.S. and Canada as a whole, I would characterize our current operating environments trending upward with fluctuations in local and regional markets. Underlying fundamentals of the recovery looks strong, just as they did when we had our call in July. This coincides with what were hearing from our customers. They are very optimistic, which is probably the most valuable indicator of all. We have a lot of ways to take the temperature of our markets, but our customers are just that much closer to the action. So its good to know that theyre seeing the same momentum we do. Also on a national front, were seeing continued strength in used equipment market, [a solid] [Ph] good sign of healthy demand for equipment. Our adjusted gross margin for used sales was about 48% in the third quarter consistent with the prior year. Now were obviously aware of the volatility in the stock market right now, but most of thats global and we dont see it relates to our industry any meaningful way here in North America. There will always be bumps in the road and our end markets as we move to recovery. But there are far more ups than downs and secular penetration is adding an extra layer of demand. And weve shown that we can navigate the business successfully through much greater macro uncertainty than this. Now turning to our internal initiatives, I want to give you a quick update on two programs that should have significant impact for years to come. The first is lean and the second is technology, specifically Telematics. Weve been talking to you about our lean program for the better part of this year. The philosophy of continuous improvement based on the kaizen process. 314 of our branch managers and over 2,100 employees have now participated in kaizen event since our pilot a year ago. And that was enough history with lean, we can share some metrics and they are very encouraging. For example, the branches that have been through the kaizens for order accuracy; weve seen a reduction of about 16% in the credit memos issued as a percent of rental revenue. And while the kaizen focus has been to bring down transportation cost, our main branches are seeing measurable improvement. Results like these have an immediate ramification on productivity and customer service. Our three year target of a $100 million in efficiencies should be very achievable. We will already identify the run rate of approximately $18 million in utilization and cost efficiencies. And as always well push for more to see the opportunity. The other area I mentioned is Telematics, which [bolstered] the way we use GPS technology to manage the performance of our larger assets. We currently have GPS on about 6,000 machines mostly generators and select big equipment. And we plan to extend Telematics to another 160,000 units by the end of 2015. These will be units with diesel engines and other types of powered equipments such as Electric Scissor Lifts. The Telematics could potentially increase utilization. The benefits are going to be in the areas of preventive maintenance, employee productivity and most of all customer service, because Telematics can reduce downtime. Were the industrys biggest advocate for technology and this initiative is right in line with our focus on innovation. It also supports our strategy for rental CapEx which is to manage and protect our assets as we move them through the rental process in a way that generates optimal returns. I want to conclude my comments this morning by recapping my three main points; number one, the macro environment stable when end markets are in recovery. Demand in 2014 is up over last year and the forecast is even stronger for 2015. And we dont see anything that suggest otherwise. Number two, were comfortable with our full year guidance. We raise those numbers in July based on our internal and external visibility and weve raised our free cash flow range last night as our other targets -- nothing has changed. And finally, we have the right strategy in place to deliver the value creation. And whats more, we have a record of very strong execution. There will always be puts and takes to our metrics, but taking in aggregate, our results reflect the trajectory thats consistently outperforming the recovery in our end markets and thats an exciting endorsement of our business model. 2014 is playing out as a record year for us, but even so were confident that weve demonstrated just a fraction of what this company can achieve over a multiple years in our cycle. So the present is pretty great, but from where we stand the future looks even better. So with that Ill turn the call over to Bill for the financial results and then after that I will take your call and questions. Over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. As always, Ill add a little bit more color to the key headlines that youve already seen in the press release and the numbers that Mike has outlined. Starting with the revenue picture which as we said is a pretty strong one for us in the quarter; rental revenues in the quarter were up 15.6% and it reflected the strength that Michael mentioned in rates and volume and other components of our revenue generation. Within that 15.6%, our owned equipment revenue was up about 15.4% and Ill go through the components of what drove that. But let me start with just the re-rent and ancillary component of our rental revenue growth, very robust growth in those two components in the quarter totaling about $25 million of year-over-year improvement in revenues from re-rent and ancillaries. Within the OER component, rental rates were up 4.7 as we said. And that contributed about $46 million worth of rental revenue improvement. Volume was up the 9.5% that Mike mentioned which drove about $94 million of year-over-year rental revenue improvement. The story there was the story of a larger fleet and better utilization of that fleet in the quarter. We spent about $456 million on fleet in the quarter and that drove our average fleet size up 8.4% for the year in the quarter and then we utilized that fleet more effectively with time utilization in the quarter coming in 71.5% or 70 basis points better than the comparable period last year. That resulted in the 9.5% OEC on rent growth that we call out as volume. And Ill point out that even if you exclude the addition of National Pump in the quarter, our OEC on rent growth was still an impressive 6.9%. So it wasnt just the impact of the acquisitions driving that volume growth. Fleet inflation as always has been a headwind for us in the quarter as we sell out older fleet and replace it with newer acquired fleet at higher prices. The impact there on a percentage basis within OER was 1.7% headwind that translates into about $17 million worth of headwind in the year-over-year rental revenue performance. We call out FX for the last few quarters because its been a material impact in the year-over-year drivers, so this quarter was no different. The Canadian dollar year-over-year was down about 5%. So that cost us about $7 million of year-over-year revenue, 7 million of headwind which translates into about a minus 0.7% against the OER growth. Mix and other was robustly positive again in the quarter, call it 3.6% or $36 million of positive impact in the quarter. Now obviously, adding an attractive segment like pump in the quarter was a big driver of the positive mix there, call it 30 of the 36 from the mix impact of National Pump. But even aside from that, we had a positive impact from sweeter mix of products in the rest of our business along with some other minor positives. So the net effect mix was a real robust $36 million. So all of those components added together give you the $177 million of year-over-year rental revenue improvement. And the momentum that were feeling as Mike pointed out is robustly positive going into fourth quarter as well. Moving to used equipment sales, another good quarter in used equipment sales, a $140 million of proceeds from used and a very nice 47.9% adjusted margin in the process. So, were seeing continued robust demand overall in all of our channels for used equipment in the quarter. Our retail channel mix was down a little bit in the quarter, roughly 10 percentage points, not due to anything other than the fact that we did a little bit more in the quarter in some of the other channels. Retail contribution was still up nicely on a year-over-year basis, up more than 20%. So were continuing to focus to drive used equipment sales through our retail channel as well as the other channels as well and that contributed to the very strong used results in the quarter. On the profitability front, you saw the adjusted EBITDA of $761 million in the quarter at a company record 49.3%, actually both those numbers were company records in the third quarter; actually EBITDA margin was a record overall. That was a $119 million of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA improvement and 30 basis-point improvement from the prior year. The key drivers of that $119 million of improvement were as follows: Rental rate contributed about $45 million of incremental EBITDA, thats the 4.7% rental rate improvement flow through at about 95%. The volume component, we counted $66 million of impact on EBITDA. The fleet inflation component was a headwind of $10 million at EBITDA from the previous inflation revenue impact that I talked about. Our ancillary improvement, ancillary revenue improvement was another $11 million of EBITDA impact and again thats driven by the improvements that were making in our pickup and delivery revenues as well as certain other ancillary items like our RPP program. Used equipment sales, the margin impact there was $19 million contribution to EBITDA in the quarter. And then the other components were a variety of one-off items. So, we had an increase in our cash incentive compensation programs in the quarter that cost us about $10 million. Cash comp went up, because our performance for the year is coming in strong and so were accruing more for cash compensation and we made the adjustment in the third quarter to the tune of about $10 million year-over-year. Merit increase, thats our normal merit increase throughout the course of the year. In the quarter, it was about $6 million worth of headwind and then a variety of other components contributed to the remaining $11 million of headwind of which bad debt expense was about $4 million of that headwind, reflecting not so much any deterioration in our experience with bad debt, but more just the size of the accounts receivable balance requiring a larger reserve to be set aside. So, those are the key drivers of the $119 million of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA improvement and again reflect all of the components that we talked about before. You put that revenue and EBITDA performance together you get an adjusted flow-through for the quarter of 51.1% and that flow-through while below the 60% that weve been guiding to you for the full year still puts us in line to deliver the full year 60% flow-through. In fact if you look at flow-through for the year-to-date period, were right at 59.7% year-to-date flow-through. So were well positioned to be able to deliver the flow-through of 60% over the course of the full year. We have been getting questions about what was it that drove third quarter flow-through to be less than a 60% to be indeed at that 51% or so. And the couple of things that I would point to you there are the bad debt impacts that I called out that alone was worth about a 0.5 of headwind against our flow-through in the quarter. The cash comp increased that I called out as well probably caused us about 3.5 points of flow-through in the quarter. And then the robust other lines of business; used equipment sales, new equipment sales in particular very strong growth in those two lines. So the mix effect of those lower margin revenues coming in, in the quarter was probably another 0.5. So, call it 6.5 or 7 points worth of drag on flow-through just from those three items. Add those back to the 51% you get pretty dollar on close to the 60%. So thats how were thinking about flow-through for year-to-date and more importantly how were going to get to the 60% for the full year. EPS in the quarter was also a very strong $2.20 and on an adjusted EPS basis that compares to the $1.63 that we reported last year. So 35% improvement and obviously EPS reflects all of the other points that weve made. Before I go to the outlook; just a couple of points on free cash flow, capital structure and liquidity. Free cash flow was very strong as Mike pointed out, $312 million. Remind everybody that includes the impact of our merger-related cash outflows. Those were about $16 million in the quarter. So if you look on the ex-merger basis, free cash flow in the first nine months was $328 million, very robust free cash flow picture. And of course, thats after we spent on capital in the quarter. Total capital was $1.750 billion that includes the rental capital plus the non-rental capital. So even after the capital investments were on track for very robust free cash flow year. And in fact that pace is what gave us the courage to increase the free cash flow outlook for the full year. Weve seen a very robust delivery of operating cash flow year-to-date. Weve seen very strong collections against our accounts receivable year-to-date and the timing of our accounts payable year-to-date has broken favorably. So you put all that stuff together and thats what prompted us to raise our outlook for free cash flow by about $25 million for the full year. On capital structure and liquidity, liquidity was a total of about $1.1 billion at the end of the quarter and that included $900 million of ABL capacity plus about $170 million of cash in the bank. So our liquidity position is very strong. We did during the quarter amend our accounts receivable facility, its $550 million facility that we amended to extend the maturity for another year. So that positions us with that facility as well. The share repurchase program, you heard us announce that we are accelerating the completion of that program to the end of this year. We have spent $389 million on the program life-to-date that includes $152 million during the quarter and it positions us very nicely to be able to finish it out by the end of the year. The combination of slightly stronger free cash flow plus as Mike said, were paying attention to the real world, our stock price being down, prompted us to say look, lets just get it done during calendar 2014 and then figure out where we go from there. So thats the rational for accelerating the repurchase. ROIC was strong as Mike mentioned for the quarter trailing 12 months, 8.4%, a company record thats 1.3 percentage points better than the same period last year and its a 30 basis point improvement compared to where we were at the end of the second quarter. So, we continue to be on track to drive our ROIC higher, targeting cost of capital and ultimately that 10% hurdle rate that we talked as a target, nice progress against that in the third quarter as well. On the outlook, we reaffirmed all the components with the exception of free cash flow. So just to recap where we are, we still expect the full year revenue, total revenue coming in the full year between 5,550 million and 5,650 million. That includes of course rental rate performance in the rental revenue component that we continue to expect at about 4.5% year-over-year for the full year. Time utilization, robust in the quarter and positioned us well to be able to deliver the 68.5% time utilization that weve given as an outlook, were sticking to that as well as the adjusted EBITDA range of between $2.650 billion and $2.7 billion for the full year. CapEx and cash flow, we touched on already. CapEx, we continue to expect to invest, net rental CapEx of $1.2 billion and that of course is after gross spends on new rental equipment of $1.7 billion and the free cash flow range I touched on. So, those are the comments that Id offer as color for the numbers. Obviously we can go into more detail in the Q&A but let me add my thought to Mikes thought. Were well positioned and everything that we see in hear keeps us on that path for 2014. We certainly are not nave to whats going on in the outside world, but we feel good about where we are, what were hearing from our customers and how were running our business. So, were going to continue to drive forward and well talk to you as we go forward about the results that we achieve. So, with that Ill open up the call for questions and answers. Operator, can we open it up?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And well go first to Ted Grace with Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 
Ted Grace - Susquehanna: Hey guys, congratulations on the quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
William Plummer: Hey Ted, thanks.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna: I was hoping just to kind of come back to the 2015 outlook, and I know you havent provided kind of formal guidance. But Mike, your body language is quite positive. And if I didnt hear your right, I think you said that the business feels to be accelerating and there is obviously seasonality. But could you maybe just touch on at least a framework for how youre thinking about 2015? And I think a lot of questions that we get are kind of on energy and energy exposure and kind of what youre picking up from those customers and maybe how much of that business that constitutes.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Ill talk part of it then Ill ask Matt and maybe Bill to chime in as well. Were looking at the forecasts that obviously are produced by Global Insight as well as were looking at IIR which is an industrial resource and looking at how theyre seeing the world. And they continue to see 2015 stronger than 2014. Obviously, they can always update but we havent seen any material change. As we went through the quarter, we saw momentum building and then thats particularly true in our time utilization as we went through. The other thing I would tell you is just a data point Ted is another thing that we look at is the construction backlog indicator which is produced by the American builders and contractors in August; it reached an all-time high. Were still waiting for the report to come out sometime in October or in early November. But those are some other indicators that we see. As I mentioned in my opening comments, talking to our customers and their outlook of how they see the next 12 months, again as we went through the quarter that progression of optimism grew as well. So, those are the things that we look at. With regards to the oil, I would point out oil and gas is how we look at it. We dont bifurcate the two because of how we go after the market. All-in and I am talking about upstream, downstream and midstream, and looking at 10.5% of our total business. If you take a look at I think where youre trying to drive to is the area of where we would see exploration on oil would be around 5%. Now that 5% will also include pump, it would also include the gas, natural gas as well. Natural gas, the LNG plants and everything that weve seen is continuing to go along. Matt, if you want to?
Matt Flannery: Yes. Mike covered that we dont necessarily have a lot of exposure to oil and gas. But I think more importantly is the fleet that we use to serve that vertical market is compatible to the rest of our fleet. So if something did change in that sector, we have robust growth throughout our network and throughout many verticals that we could move that fleet because its core to our offering to other verticals and other end markets. And when I talk about the breadth of our end markets, Mike mentioned that more than half of our regions had double-digit improvement in the year-over-year rent revenue. Well, we had over 30 states that had double-digit improvement in rent revenue year-over-year and 5 of our 10 provinces in Canada. And all, but four states showed year-over-year rental revenue improvement and 8 of our 10 provinces. So when we say we have broad demand, we really do have broad demand throughout our network. 
Ted Grace - Susquehanna:  And then the follow-up Id ask is just from the standpoint of just kind of taking share on your competitive positioning, can you just maybe give us a sense for how you think youre doing relative to kind of a broader growth because honestly my sense is non [Inaudible] your markets probably are not increasing double-digit rates. So just from the standpoint of how you think about market share capture next year, maybe can you just touch on that?
Michael Kneeland: Well, we havent gone through the process and obviously were going to have our December meeting coming up for our investors. But the way I would look at it is what is projected today by global insight for our industry for 2014 is 8% growth. We just reported a 16% growth and I think you can get a sense of how were outperforming. I want to make sure everyone understands. Well, Im not thinking about just growing for market share, Im talking about growing for profitable growth and returns and those are the things that were most interested in. So again, I think that were performing well. I think that our specialty business clearly is outperforming the industry by a multiple. And I think you can see the power of the cross-sell that were actually benefiting from right here and now.
William Plummer: Yes. Im a simple guy, Ted, I just step back and I say, have we driven our business throughout the course of the year, rental revenue year-to-date is up 14.2%. I would guess that there arent a lot of rental companies that can say the same thing. And so I think were positioning ourselves against the overall environment and against the competitive set pretty well. That positions us well to be able to continue to do that next year.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna: Okay. Well, thats great. Best of luck this quarter and Ill get back in queue.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks.
Operator: And well go next to Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Hey thanks. Good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: I want to talk about the rental metrics a little bit for the quarter. So time utilization was actually much better than what we were expecting, rate was good. But Im wondering does the upside to the time utilization, should we infer anything into that that youre pushing time versus rate anymore going forward and is that any kind of reflection of the national account growth that weve been seeing? Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Hi Seth, this is Matt. We absolutely are continuing to push both rate and time and we feel that the demand is there to get both. We saw record realized rate in Q3 and we saw record time as we closed Q3 in September. And Im pleased to say that that kind of demand is as we sit here today in October, were seeing sequential rates continuing to grow at about half a point and the time utilization gap that year-over-year which was a 1.6% positive, a 160 basis points positive in September, as of last night, we maintained that 160 basis points gap. So, were seeing the demand continue and we feel that rate and time are both again there for us for the taking.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would add to that is the only thing that we saw in September is our national account did grow faster than our core business. And as I mentioned, a lot of these larger projects are coming on line.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Right. Mike, you mentioned, I think the phrase you used was negotiated pricing and Im just -- Im trying to understand this market a little bit better, because some of your competitors have talked about going after the national account market more aggressively. So, Im just trying to understand how that -- as this market becomes a bigger part of your mix and as other competitors are going after it, your ability to sustain rate here and your ability to continue to -- for that business to grow at these types of levels, at a profitable level; I mean have you noticed any change on the competitive front, I guess on a national account business.
Matt Flannery: Overall in aggregate, no. I think there maybe some movement within who is the number two, number three, number four players for some accounts. But as Mike had mentioned, our September growth for national accounts was almost 19%. So, thats as high a number as weve had in the quarter. So were actually seeing our momentum pick up. Is that a slight drag on sequential rate? It can be in a quarter but were -- I think Bill guided properly of where we get to see rate going forward. Weve talked about that and we think that 3% is the entry level for us and somewhere between that 3% and/or about 4.5 guidance for this year is the goals that we look for going forward.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would only add is look, we cant be complacent. We have to continue and as I mentioned in my comments to be innovative and think about how we can enhance our value proposition to our customers. I just mentioned that we announced that were going to have 160,000 units by the end of next year with GPS. I guess there are other competitors who have GPS capability, they typically will put it on and charge for an extra charge. December, well give you some understanding of what we intend to do with the GPS technology and how we think that we can continue to focus on improving our value proposition in comparison to the competitive environment. Thats what were learning and thats our job. And I am very happy to report that the team is very active and thinking that through.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you for that. If I could just ask a quick follow-up kind of piggybacking on Teds question about 2015, Bill, is it fair to think about pull-through margin at the same levels, is high 50%, 60% pull-through margin you think sustainable into 2015 and how much of this $100 million lean initiative you think is part of that?
William Plummer: We said in the past that we believe 60% is a reasonable way to think about pull-through margins for the next couple of years. So yes, 60, if youre thinking about 2015 is a good starting point. Obviously well sharpen that as we finalize our plan for the year and talk about it at future points. So that feels about right. Im sorry; the second part of your question was?
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Just how much of the 100 million of initiatives, the lean initiatives that you see on cash during 2015?
William Plummer: Yes. We havent boiled it down to an expected realized dollar amount. Again, as we go through our planning process and think about what our guidance for 15 is going to look like, well figure out what more we might want to say on that. So stay tuned.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much guys.
William Plummer: Thanks Seth.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks Seth.
Operator: And well go next to Dave Raso with ISI Group. Please go ahead. 
Michael Kneeland: Hey David. 
David Raso - ISI Group:  A quick question on 14 question then a question on 15. The utilization I know seasonally peaks in October but still just given the way youve started the quarter, it would appear to get to your full year utilization increase to 40 bps. The drop off in November, December in utilization appears to be a little heavier than normal seasonality. Am I reading that correctly or is it maybe utilization is the area that maybe is little upside to the guide but then the rate is that the trade off on it. Im just trying to understand are we seeing something for November and December that would imply a little further decline in normal seasonality over the last two months of the year.
William Plummer: Maybe Ill start. I think we saw a very robust utilization result in the third quarter. And its hard for us to extend that thinking too aggressively in the fourth quarter. Obviously were working very hard to make sure that we get as much utilization as we can in November, December. But we havent really aggressively moved those utilization months up from what we thought earlier in the year. So were continuing to look at it. If October finish is out the way started then maybe well have to revise our thinking. But right now there is nothing dramatic negative going on in the November, December timeframe that were protecting against or concerned about. Its just we havent gotten to the point of saying, yes third quarter and October lets goose up November, December based on those results, havent got there yet.
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay. So thats someway go there. On 2015, I know that the stock supple out today, but obviously stocks been off, it influenced your use of cash and the time of the repo for 2014. Can you walk us through the cash flow for next year, the use of it? How the stock price may influence your thoughts on moving forward with more repo versus maybe what youre seeing in the M&A market?
William Plummer: I think its important to say that the stock price isnt really the guiding light for our decision about whether we do a repurchase and how much of a repurchase that we do. That comes out of our consideration for how to allocate our capital and our free cash flow. And we try to think about that question in longer term strategic terms. Thats what led us to the $500 million program that were currently on. And thats what we would think about as we consider whether and how much of a follow-on program we could or might do. So that thinking is going on right here now. The stock price at the margin may prompt us to say lets go a little bit faster, a little bit slower within the broad framework that we established. So in this case, the current 500 we said initially it was going to be 500 over the period extending till April of 2015. As we got into it, and so our cash will come in and so the stock price come down, we adjust it as we thought appropriate. And so tactically thats the way we would manage any future program as well. But the program itself both existence and scale would come out of what we think our cash flow is going to look like over the long-term over the next number of years. And well continue to talk about that as we sharpen our thinking about 2015 and future.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. And David on an M&A front, our principles have never, they havent changed one bit. They have to be strategic, it has to be accretive and you know our goal around return on invested capital and the other part would be a cultural fit. So, and its a pretty high hurdle and were very comfortable with that.
David Raso - ISI Group: The net debt to EBITDA 2.9 at the end of the year; when I think about how youre going to manage that through 15, are you comfortable maintaining the 2.9, obviously Im trying to figure out whatever I believe the cash flow will be for next year. Can I assume youre going to put that all to work? I know youve got roughly about a $125 million of earn out you have to pay to the National Pump deals assuming you hit their target. But are we comfortable assuming where the net debt to EBITDA ends this year? Is a comfortable ratio for the end of 15?
William Plummer: I think and weve said that next year 2015 we believe that the leverage should trend lower, so lower than the 2.9. And in fact I think Ive said in the past, we see it toward the lower end of the 2.5 and 3.5 range that weve talked about. That thinking certainly would have us using our cash flow to both pay down debt, but also to finish up our current share repurchase. And we would continue to think about it that way, the leverage path that way even if we decided to do another share repurchase. Obviously that all assumes de minimis in the way of acquisitions if a significant acquisition comes along, we would reassess that path of leverage that wed want to be on. And we talk about it at the time of announcing the acquisition, right. But our thinking right now ex acquisitions is that were going to trend toward the lower end of the range during 2015 and finish up toward the lower end of that range.
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
William Plummer:  Thank you, Dave.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks Dave.
Operator: And well go next to Joe ODea with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Joe ODea - Vertical Research: Hi, good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Joe ODea - Vertical Research: First question on lean and it looks like from the slides that employee participation was higher in 3Q versus 2Q that the actual branch participation was more or less in line. And so as you approach year two of the implementation, could you talk a little bit about how lean evolves and what the key goals become in year two of that process?
Matt Flannery: Sure Joe. Part of what you see as far as more participation is the aggregate, right, we aggregate how many folks have been through lean as our goal to get through as many of our 12,000 employees as we can. Id say, the bigger opportunity for us is youll see in that slide, I am sure youre referring slide 21; weve done 141 branches but 314 branch managers. We do believe there is an opportunity for us to spread through our line management some of the lean processes and procedures as well as push out some very simple best practices that weve discovered during the lean projects and the kaizens that weve done and push them out through the broader organization. One example of that would be counter accuracy and youll see the term BPRO in there. That was a designed rollout as a result of findings during kaizen events at multiple branches that we felt wed share with the broader organization and we are seeing metrics very favorable throughout kaizen and non-kaizen branches in our order accuracy because of that. And I think youll see us continue to work down that path in our lean management process.
Michael Kneeland: Thats right. Just to add, thats the process for driving the culture change that lean represents. We recognize that it is fundamental culture change, the different way of looking at your business. And were taking the variety of the paths to drive that culture change whether its direct training, whether its rolling out BPROs best practice rollouts whether its just generally talking about what lean means to an organization. Were deploying all of those and doing it in a structured reason way to make that lean implementations stick, because thats how were going to deliver the 100 million and beyond of benefits from that change in mindset. So, well continue to work on it and talk about it and welcome your questions about it.
Joe ODea - Vertical Research: Okay, thanks. And then, second question just on National Pump and with respect to CapEx plans, how are oil prices right now influencing your equipment spend plans and if no change so far, how long before $80 oil leads to hold off on some considered investments? 
Matt Flannery: Id say no change so far is definitely the way to think about our capital plans. Unless and until we actually see a pull back from our customer base, were going to continue to invest. And even then, even if we saw a little bit of a pull back, we would have a debate about what does it represent and how does it impact our plan for investing in our pump business, in fact in all of our specialty businesses. It may not mean anything. If you look at National Pump through the last recession, they were on a growth path that was so aggressive that they didnt have a downturn back in the 2009-2010 timeframe. So we would have to ask our sales, are we positioned so that we can find demand outside of a slowing oil and gas sector that to continue on the growth path and therefore justify continued investment. I dont think thats a ridicules path to have for the pump business or indeed most of our specialty businesses.
Michael Kneeland: As I say strategically on the pump business, I just want to remind everybody. It was a roughly $200 million tower volume play. It was 50% of their business in that oil and gas arena. If you recall, 6% of our business or their business is in our sweet spot and were almost $5 billion. So the idea was, is taking that knowledge and springing it and cross-selling it to our customer base as opposed to us going after their customer base. And that strategically we found very attractive.
Joe ODea - Vertical Research: Great. Thanks very much.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Steven.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Hey, good morning. Its Eric Crawford on for Steve.
Michael Kneeland: Hey Eric.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Hi. Circling back to Seths question on time utilization, with all your operational improvements with the lean and Telematics initiatives, how are you framing the puts and takes around what the new normal for time utilization can look like? I mean clearly, it varies by equipment type, but do you think you can raise each category in other couple of hundred bps from where it sounds today?
William Plummer: Yes, Eric. Weve talked in the past about operating in the 70s on average throughout the course of the year. So yes, that would be a couple of 100 basis points from the full year 68.5 that were expecting this year. And we certainly feel like lean and some of things that were doing to change internally will help us get there. So thats how were thinking about it broadly, is in the 70s. If you got a couple of drinks and the three of us that we all might give a slightly different number in the 70s, but its going to be in the 70s and thats couple of 100 basis points north of here at least.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Okay. Well work on getting those drinks with you. I guess switching over to the dollar utilization, nice uptick year-over-year and sequentially across all the categories, but the largest step up was year-over-year at least was in earthmoving equipment. Could you speak to your availability in that category specifically and how the demand has trended relative to your expectations?
Matt Flannery: I think the demand is ticked up at about the same pace that most of our other core products. I think we made a little bit more consorted effort on fleet mix. And therefore were calling on a broader customer base in the broad base we already had.  So we continue to want to have broadened our offerings for a lot of reasons. And we think that its part of that opportunity. And I think thats what youre seeing; youre seeing the results of that. And I think as we continue to tie our sales efforts to our fleet mix efforts, well see continued growth in both scale of our other non-aerial, reach fork products, as well as returns.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And well go next to Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Good morning guys.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Congrats on a nice quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: So, most of my questions have been answered, but maybe the one box we havent kicked yet is just the M&A backlog what you guys are thinking from an acquisition perspective as a potential use of cash in 2015?
William Plummer: Nicole good morning, its Bill. I think the way we approach M&A, the way Michael articulated earlier, we certainly look at a variety of opportunities, we look carefully because its been an important part of how weve driven the company forward, but were also very disciplined in when we actually execute a transaction. So, were continuing to look at opportunities as they come. As Im sure everybody is aware there have been a number of opportunities, there are number of properties available in our sector over the last recent periods. And weve taken a look at the ones that make sense for us and well continue to do that. But nothing more to say on that front right here now. Matt, Michael you guys want to add anything?
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it.
Matt Flannery: Other than just to say Mike said it on every quarterly call we have the bar is high and if the bar is high for us and well continue to keep that bar high.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good to hear. And then maybe just one on CapEx into next year, I mean is it fair to assume that were going to have kind of another flattish year, 1.7ish billion of gross CapEx in 2015 or is there scope to increase given that you guys are seeing improvement in your end markets?
William Plummer: Yes. Well, certainly we feel there is justification for another $1.7 billion next year thats our thinking right here now. Could it go a little higher than that, yes, it could go a little higher. Were in the midst of that plan process right now. And thats currently on the table. And I would say if the utilization trend that weve seen here late in the year continues right to the earlier discussion if November, December dont fall off or indeed if they do a little bit better then I think we would have to put at least another $100 million on the table in that kind of environment. Matts smiling here so. Our arm wrestling match is going to continue once this call is over but thats the range that were thinking about and the market certainly as we sit today, the market feels like it supports that.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. And the other thing I would say Nicole is that we are very disciplined in our approach and how we use CapEx and that will stay with the company and our belief.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, understand. Thanks, Ill pass it on.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks Nicole.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And well take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Michael Kneeland: Hey Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:  Thanks for taking the question. I just want to talk a little bit about the increase of free cash flow guidance. Bill, could you talk a little bit about what some drivers were of the strength in the quarter and how youre thinking about the multi-year free cash flow guidance right now? Thanks.
William Plummer: Sure Scott. I think I touched on it. The key driver in the quarter and for outlook for the full year is the momentum that weve seen on collections. Our DSO performance is coming in nicely relative to what we expected. So thats feeling more confident around the collections that were going to experience. And then we got greater visibility on the timing of our payables for the quarter, during third quarter and a greater visibility to what fourth quarter is going to look like. So, those were the two main drivers for the increase in guidance for this year. It sets us up nicely for next year. We have talked in the past about being north of 600 million of free cash flow during calendar 2015 and we certainly continue to feel good about that. And again, well sharpen that as we finalize our plan for 2015 and report more on it either in our Investor Day or when we deliver fourth quarter earnings. So well positioned for next year to be in that north of 600 range and then beyond that 16 and 17, assuming the cycle place out, look better still.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Excellent, thanks. And then just following up on a question earlier with regard to M&A, it does seem like there are a lot of opportunities out that [wait]. Could you just kind of compare contrast looking in your traditional equipment rental business versus specialty on an M&A and maybe some of the areas youre looking to branch out into in specialty or just [work] out there?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. I would tell you that obviously weve been talking about specialty as an area of growth for us. And Im sure well talk more about that at the Investor Day. We have a keen interest in that arena. And there is a lot of areas we dont understand. And again we look at that strategic return and cultural fit. So, all those things have to come into play. As Bill mentioned, there has been a lot of properties that have been up for sale. And weve looked and weve cash, because of the high bar, that will continue. So I would say that were always acquisitive and well always look and well try to understand and how that can benefit the company, not just in a year over time for longevity but tie it to our strategy and the return metrics that were looking for.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs & Company. Please go ahead.
Matt Rybak - Goldman Sachs & Company: Hey, good morning. Its Matt Rybak on behalf of Jerry. Just briefly wanted to talk on the capital allocation side and if you could maybe touch on what regions you are seeing outsized capital allocation towards, maybe where you are seeing the most growth and maybe give us one, two and three of the top regions within your company.
Matt Flannery: Sure Matt. Its pretty broad based and we have a very rigorous process when we put out growth capital. So, when you think about our capital, large portion of it is replacement. And because of the broad based opportunities weve seen throughout our network, weve been giving all of our regions the appropriate replacement capital. And then they earn growth capital based on the returns, not just the demand in the end market. Mike said earlier, were chasing not just growth for growth sake, but profitable growth and we do allot our capital appropriately. You can imagine where the hot pockets in the markets have been along the Gulf Coast, but were seeing growth in the Midwest and on the West Coast, as well as in Northeast as well. So, were really seeing a very broad-based growth and were allocating our capital appropriately.
Michael Kneeland: And the other thing I would add to that is a proportion of our growth capital has gone to our specialty business. And thats what youre seeing the fantastic growth that theyve been able to produce.
Matt Rybak - Goldman Sachs & Company: Great. I know you touched on it, just to follow-up a little bit on the beginning of the call, but from an end market standpoint, Gulf Coast obviously large petchem potentially LNG build out there. But can you maybe touch on which end markets are driving the strength in the Midwest and in the Northeast?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I mean I think if you take a look at, it goes in line with what youre seeing, the consensus report. There are things like commercial, healthcare, power; manufacturing and multifamily are all seeing nice improvements. So those are probably be the likely areas that youre going to see where were putting it. As I mentioned in my call, kind of broad-based all the multiple different types of projects; I was just recently down at a race car facility where theyre doing a major expansion. And so its just -- its very broad in general. But those will probably be the hot buttons that you can take a look at.
Matt Rybak - Goldman Sachs & Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Operator I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. I do want to remind everyone to download our investor presentation if you havent already. Please give us a call in Stamford or give Fred Bratman a call, particularly if you want something to discuss or if you want to see a branch visit or go to a branch visit. Also please make note that December 04, is our Annual Investor Day in New York, were very excited about it and I hope youll attend. But if you cant, you can join us on the webcast. So operator I think you can end the call now. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude todays conference. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer Matt Flannery - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets David Raso - ISI Group Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Steven Fisher - UBS Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs George Tong - Piper Jaffray Nick Coppola - Thompson Research Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Tim Robinson - Susquehanna Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter 2014 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the companys earnings release, investor presentation and todays call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator and good morning everyone and welcome. And I want to thank everybody for joining us on todays call. In January, we laid out our plan for a year of profitable growth and a steady market recovery. We spoke about a balanced capital allocation program that supported both organic growth and acquisitions, the diversification of our services and our focus on return on capital. We set full year goalposts and anticipated well over $5 billion of revenue and more than $2.5 billion of adjusted EBITDA and significant cash flow generation. Last night, we confirmed that we expect to meet or exceed every one of our goalpost by year end. Halfway to the year, our plan has become a profitable reality for the second straight quarter. We deployed over $1 billion of rental CapEx to-date and realized double-digit revenue growth on our fleet. We added an important new component to our specialty range with our acquisition of National Pump and we are well into our plan on cold start openings. And we are executing a market strategy that leverages our broader service offering as well as our scale. As a result we reported another quarter of significant higher volume on a much larger fleet with no erosion of time utilization. And more importantly better rates. Our adjusted EBITDA was the second quarter record for our company. And we revised our EBITDA guidance upward to a range of $2.65 billion to $2.7 billion for the full year. Another one of our key metrics return on invested capital, showed real progress in the quarter, ROIC increased over 8% for the first time in our history and this has positive implications for our free cash flow. And last night you saw us raise our full year guidance for this range. These are results of the company thats firing on all cylinders in an environment of increasing demand. And once again our performance is outpacing the recovery just as we did last year. Based on our current visibility, we now expect to capture a full year rate increase of about 4.5%, which is up from our original outlook. Bill will discuss our results in more detail prior to taking your questions. But first I want to comment on the macro environment. I will start with the forecast from Global Insight which we agree with the salient points, Global Insight as many of you know provides a comprehensive forecasting service to our industry. Currently the expectation is for equipment and tool rental revenues in North America to grow by 7.7% this year. Thats slightly down from the earlier forecast, but its still very robust. The U.S. industry growth is estimated at 8% and Canada is just under 6%. By contrast the U.S. non-residential construction spending is expected to grow at a rate of 3% to 4% in 2014. This reflects a slow start to a year has been picking up steam since March. So in short, demand for rental equipment is projected to exceed the upswing in non-residential construction by more than two to one. Contractors are changing the way they source equipment and as the largest provider we are in a position to capitalize more strongly on that change. I want to make one related comment to industry growth. We are seeing very strong market for used equipment this year. Our adjusted second quarter margin on sales was up almost 49%. As we said before time utilization, rates and used equipment prices are the three main indicators of demand for equipment in our industry, so its a very good sign to see all three of these metrics are strong. For our part we intend to remain very disciplined about our $1.7 billion of new fleet capital we are buying this year. We have high expectations for this capital and we are managing these purchases for maximum returns. There is no question that our end markets are getting back on track. And in second quarter all but one of our regions saw rental revenue growth and the majority of our regions had double digit growth. Demand from the energy sector is strong across the board with power plants, oil and gas and renewables such as solar and infrastructure projects have been steady. We are also seeing an upswing in commercial and office construction. When the primary project is complete, such as corporate headquarters, we can often capitalize in after growth for surrounding hotels, schools and retail centers. Our Specialty segment continues to turn in exceptional performance. As you know specialty rentals are an important focus for us going forward and these are high margin businesses with very attractive return on capital. They are cornerstone of our strategy to deliver superior value to shareholders. In the second quarter year-over-year our revenue from trench safety rentals was up more than 21%. And power and HVAC was up 54%. Our same store performance in these two businesses combined increased 22% over last year. So we are getting tremendous organic growth. And revenue from our tool assets which are rented across our regions was up almost 10%. From a market facing standpoint, the primary value to customers lies in the quality of our service and our technical expertise rather than the equipment itself. This makes specialty rentals less sensitive to price pressure particularly when it comes to providing engineered solutions. In May we added to our power HVAC group with the acquisition of Blue Stream Services, four location business based in the Gulf. Blue Stream serves a good diversity of end markets, oil and gas, disaster recovery, construction, industrial, and entertainment and it will be integrated into our network later this month. And of course the most significant change to our specialty segment was our acquisition of National Pump on April 1. The pump operations moved on to our IT platform in June and we are now serving customers as United Rentals Pump Solutions. Pump customers have access to our complete range of fleet and we are expanding our cross-selling of pumps to a broader customer base. We are pleased with the caliber of the pump acquisition. It brought a great team on board and its off to a strong start. In fact, its outperforming our plan. In the second quarter, rental revenue was up almost 62% year-over-year with an EBITDA margin of more than 50%. This acquisition also gives us an ideal platform for expansion to cold starts and at least three of our specialty openings planned for this year will be in pump. I also want to update you on our few internal initiatives we have in progress. First is our lean program, which I discussed last quarter and this is based on the Kaizen philosophy of improving even the best operations. So far, we have completed Phase 1, which involved 306 Kaizen events at 141 of our branches. And though its still early, we see measurable improvements in productivity in areas, such as driver turn time and shop flow. And we feel that our targeted run rate of at least $100 million in efficiencies in three years is very achievable. Second, we are operating our business more safely than ever with a recordable rate of just below 1 through June and a 32% reduction in injuries year-over-year. And I am proud to say that we reduced our injury count more in the last six months than in the full 12 months of 2013. In last month, we also launched our United Academy, which is an online customer portal for safety training and certification management. Two weeks ago, we added our first blended learning programs, which provide a combination of online training with practical experience at our branches. United Academy is going to be a powerful force for safety in our industry. In closing, I want to say that clearly we are seeing the immediate benefit from the execution of our plan. At the same time, our strategy is built for the long-term to service well beyond 2014. We are looking at an up cycle with multiple years of industry growth. And when we apply our model to that forecast, we are excited about the kind of returns we can generate. And thats just a broader goal of value creation, but also the components of that value such as substantial free cash flow and a higher return on capital. And by all accounts, we are in a very good place with a long and profitable runway ahead. So, with that, I will turn the call over to Bill for the financial results and then we will take your questions. Over to you, Bill?
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good morning to everyone. I will center my comments around bridging our rental revenue performance for the quarter, our EBITDA performance for the quarter and then updating the outlook and along the way we will throw in hopefully some useful information about couple of other items. So, starting with our look at revenue performance, rental revenue in the quarter was up 16.8%, so very robust performance. Obviously, that was aided by the addition of the acquisitions in the quarter, but still when you exclude the acquisitions, pretty robust rental revenue result for us in the quarter. So, 16.8% rental revenue growth, thats $170 million of year-over-year rental revenue growth. Within rent revenue, re-rent and ancillary items accounted for 0.7% of that 16.8% growth. Ancillary in particular had a robust quarter for us. Ancillary revenue was up $24 million year-over-year within that 0.7%. Re-rent was up about $5 million, so $29 million improvement year-over-year from those two items. When you look at the owned equipment revenue growth that 16.1% that remains, it was driven by rental rate performance and that was up 4.9% in the quarter that was worth about $43 million of the year-over-year increase. Volume growth was very robust at 10.3% volume growth. This year, thats worth about $90 million of the year-over-year revenue and again that includes the acquisition of the acquired entities this quarter, but even if you strip out the National Pump acquisition, that volume growth was still pretty impressive at 7.6% ex-pump. So a nice volume quarter for us. We have been breaking out fleet inflation and the impact of that year-over-year on revenue and that this year was about 1.7 percentage points negative headwind, which resulted in about $15 million deduct from year-over-year rental revenue and probably the best way to think about that fleet inflation as we have talked before is as a net against the volume growth. FX was another headwind for us in the quarter. The Canadian dollar year-over-year was down to the extent of about 0.9% impact on our year-over-year revenue growth. So a negative 0.9% from FX or about $8 million of year-over-year deduct from the Canadian dollar move. The remainder, mix and other was a robust 3.5% positive in the quarter. And that positive really reflects the impact of National Pump. National Pumps volume growth is included in the 10.3% volume that I referred to earlier. And given that they have a higher dollar utilization of the fleet that they add, they substantially improve the mix result for the quarter. So, 3.5% mix and other impact in the quarter positive thats equivalent to about $31 million of year-over-year benefit from mix. So, add all those up, you get the $170 million of year-over-year rental revenue improvement, and again, it reflects what was a very good rental revenue performance for us in the quarter. Before I leave revenue entirely, just a quick touch on used equipment sales for the quarter, another good quarter for us on used sales, proceeds of $138 million and a margin which was very robust, 48.6% is the adjusted gross margin from our used equipment sales, thats 660 basis points better than last year. And obviously, it reflects what is a continued strong demand for used equipment in the marketplace as well as our continued focus on selling through our retail channel, which is the most attractive margin channel for our sales. So, a very nice result in used equipment for the quarter and it certainly does support the macro environment comments that Mike made about the continued strength. If we turn to profitability next, first looking at adjusted EBITDA, year-over-year adjusted EBITDA was up $114 million to $663 million in the quarter. Thats a margin of 47.4%, which is a new record for the second quarter in our company. And looking at the breakdown of that improvement in EBITDA dollars, $114 million total year-over-year improvement. We attribute $41 million of that $114 million to rental rate, the 4.9% rental rate increase that we saw in the quarter. Volume contributed another $61 million of year-over-year growth. Netting against that would be the fleet inflation impact at EBITDA of negative $11 million. And then as you look at the other items in the year-over-year growth, the mix impact that I called out in revenue resulted in about $16 million of EBITDA improvement and again a very nice contribution from the addition of National Pump. The ancillary growth, that I referred to earlier, resulted in about $12 million of EBITDA benefit in the quarter and used sales also contributed nicely, about $11 million of year-over-year EBITDA growth. Working against that was our cash incentive compensation accrual in the quarter, which was up year-over-year about $12 million, so a $12 million headwind as our incentive programs reflect our increased expectations for performance over the entire year. So, its a classic good news bad news story. Performance is better, thats great, but the incentive comp represents little bit of a headwind against that. Still the overall impact is very positive. And the remaining $4 million headwind is merit increases and some other small other nits and nats. So, all of that adds up to the $114 million of year-over-year EBITDA improvement, driving that margin which was a 190 basis point improvement in margin up to as I mentioned the 47.4% EBITDA margin in the quarter. Flow-through in the quarter came in at 59.1%. And in fact, its a flow-through result in the quarter that makes us comfortable to continue to look for about 60% flow-through impact for the full year. Obviously, the flow-through reflects all of the factors that I touched on in revenue and in our EBITDA performance. It is worth noting through thought that flow-through impact in the quarter was weighed down by the addition of National Pump. As we have said before pump revenues come at about 50% EBITDA margin, so as we added in the quarter National Pump revenues we added EBITDA at about $0.50 on the $1 for those revenues. That weighs down the overall flow-through of the company and resulted in that 59.1% flow-through for the quarter. If you were to exclude pump the flow-through in the quarter for the full company would be more like 63%. National Pump had about four percentage point impact, negative impact on our flow-through in the quarter. We expect something comparable for the full year effect of adding National Pump this year somewhere in the 4% to 5% range for the full year impact of adding National Pump to adjusted EBITDA. Real quickly I will just touch on EPS for the quarter, very strong result for us at $1.65 in the quarter thats up from $1.12 in the second quarter of last year and obviously reflects all the operating points that we talked about earlier. On liquidity, capital structure, free cash flow we had a very strong free cash flow result in the quarter in the first half. First half free cash flow was $240 million and that of course reflects all the free cash flow remaining even after our CapEx spend this year. Rental CapEx was for the year-to-date period the first half was just over $1 billion of our total $1.7 billion expected spend for the year. So a pretty robust free cash flow result of $240 million for the half and puts us well on track to achieving our outlook for the full year, that free cash flow helped to maintain our ABL balances and maintain our liquidity overall. We finished the quarter with total liquidity of $1.2 billion and that includes ABL capacity of about $1 billion available to us. Along with that we also had about $170 million of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the quarter. Our share repurchase program continue to pace in the second quarter. We bought $185 million worth of our common stock in the second quarter. That brings the cumulative program purchases to $237 million through the end of the quarter. Nice progress puts us well in our way to executing the $500 million total program that we are operating against and well on our way to executing what we have said is going to be $450 million in calendar 2014 of repurchases. So our plan still is very much to complete the program overall by April of next year. Before we move to the outlook just a real quick comment on ROIC, ROIC finished the quarter at 8.1% on a trailing 12 month basis through June 30 and thats an increase of 1.1 percentage points over the past year, so very nice year-over-year improvement in the trailing 12 month view of ROIC. And we continue to expect to drive ROIC higher as we go forward. It was benefited slightly by the impact of National Pump in the quarter. Excluding pump ROIC would have been right at 8% for the quarter, so it bears out the premise for investing in National Pump as we go forward. Our outlook you all saw we updated last night. We revised the revenue rate and free cash flow and EBITDA guidance I will leave you all to read it in detail, but we did narrow the range of total revenue that we expect in the quarter, its now $100 million range centered around $5.6 billion. Rental revenue is within that, obviously it will be impacted by our rate expectations. We have raised our rate expectation for the year to about 4.5% from what was previously about 4% for the year, so reflecting the nice momentum that we have seen rates in the first half. Time utilization we continue to expect to finish the year at about 58.5%. Free cash flow, we have raised that range a little bit. We are now expecting between $450 million and $500 million of free cash flow for the full year. And our view of adjusted EBITDA is now higher. We expect adjusted EBITDA of between $2.650 billion and $2.700 billion for the full year. So, those are the key points that I wanted to make. If I missed anything that you all want to talk about, please raise them in Q&A. So, at this point, operator we can open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead, sir.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everybody.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning, Seth 
William Plummer: Good morning
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Wanted to focus a little bit on the specialty business if we could, in the press release where you are talking about the National Pump deal, you cite that purchase price of $853 versus the $780 at the time of the announcement. So, I assume that reflects confidence or line of sight to the earn-outs. Can you talk about, I mean, you said you are running ahead of plan, so should we assume that you are going to hit that first earn-out in 12 months?
William Plummer: Seth, its in the Q if you look at it, the $853 is comprised of $777 I think it is of cash consideration. It excludes the stock component of the purchase. And then the remainder is the contingent consideration, its the earn-out. Its the way that we have to account for the earn-out. So, that $76 million is an expected weighted average of the earn-out that we expect to pay discounted back to present value. Did that help?
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, thank you. Okay. And is it possible to parse out how much of the upside on the rate increase goes to the 4.9 in the quarter? How much did the pump acquisition contribute to the strength in rate in the quarter? Is it possible to split that out? You kind of qualified it for their ROIC, I am wondering, if you could do that for rate?
William Plummer: There is no impact of rate from pump. Remember, the ARA standard calculation you used the prior year weighting for the various classes and we didnt have pump last year, so its weighting was zero in the rate calculation.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just sticking on the specialty business, last quarter you talked about specialty getting about $240 million of the growth CapEx, I think it was a $560 million number, has that  has your thoughts around how much capital you are committing to the specialty business changed at all, you obviously didnt change your full CapEx number this year, but I am just wondering if you are committing more capital to the specialty business than you previously thought?
Matt Flannery: Yes, this is Matt. We are absolutely continuing to fund that business. And we were even exclusive of the pump acquisition, but we will continue to fund that business and we feel we can do that without having to raise our overall capital anymore than the guidance that we changed earlier in the year when we announced the acquisition.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: But is it still in that $240 millionish range or is it going to  I am trying to understand what percentage of the pie its getting?
Matt Flannery: So, its still in that range this year, because we dont have to fund as many cold starts in the power business that we did last year. If you recall we started a lot of power cold starts last year and not as many this year. So, it will still be in that range, but we expect as we go forward, we will  that range could increase. We are hoping it will increase actually.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And with the increased free cash flow guidance for this year, does that I must truly assume that your M&A could pickup or how do you envision spending that extra capital?
Michael Kneeland: Well, this is Mike, Seth. I think that we are always going to be on the horizon looking as I stated in my opening comments, specialty is the cornerstone for our strategy right now. We will look and we just did the Blue-Stream, but just as I said this more than once that the bar is pretty high to get over the hurdle for us to think about it. We pass on more than we go deep in. That being said, I think our cash flow will be used right here now as to kind of pay down our debt at this point.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much guys.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, thank you.
William Plummer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from David Raso from ISI Group. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Raso - ISI Group: Good morning. The free cash flow target we used to speak of the $1.5 billion from 2013 and 2015, is that still a number we should think about as a target for the three years?
William Plummer: Yes. Hey, David. Yes, we continue to think about that same number. Obviously, we are enhancing our chances of getting there as we raise our outlook for free cash flow this year and we will continue to work hard to hit that number and do even better if we can.
David Raso - ISI Group: It implies then free cash flow for 15 as north of $650 million and even if you do payout the earn-out to the full $125 million, you have finished the last $50 million for repo. Its going to leave your net debt at the end of 15 probably at or below the low end of your leverage ratio to 2.5 to 3.5 that you target. So, I was just curious if you can maybe give us some insight on where are you targeting ending 15 leverage? Is that math right there really tells you unless EBITDA is wildly off from when you think it would be, you are going to be below the low end of your leverage?
William Plummer: So, all we have said so far, David is that we will be toward the low end of that range without giving out any new guidance for 2015 I think I will stick to that. But I would just add we feel very comfortable about all of the comments that we have made about 15, including the contribution 15 makes to the $1.5 billion three-year cash flow, including the leverage being in the area of that the low end of that range. And so I wont go any further there right now. As the year plays out and as we get ourselves prepped for our Investor Day, maybe we can say more as we get later in the year.
David Raso - ISI Group: Well, I guess thats the related question then. Is there anything we should start thinking about the message for the December 4 meeting? There is a couple of milestones people are trying to think about, obviously at this level is there a stock split thought process, is the entry into the S&P 500 isnt really up to you, but you would think thats something that could be out there thats obviously potentially could happen, obviously some of the leverage numbers I was talking about for next year. I mean, there are some things we should be thinking about already as a framework for the message on December 4?
William Plummer: Okay. Five months in advance, he wants the message already. I would say stay tuned. Well develop those thoughts as we go. Mike, I am sorry.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. So, David, we are still concentrating on this year and we will frame up our discussion points for the September meeting. You raised one there is other investors who are asking other questions as well. So, we will try to make sure that we can  we will try to answer as many as we possibly can as long as we get closer. As you know in December, we will have our understanding of what the 2015 will look from the roll up of our budget, so it will be an appropriate time in early December to have that discussion.
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thank you.
William Plummer: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks Good morning guys. Hey, one question but a couple of parts in it, I will ask it all upfront. Can you address how rental rate growth will flow over second half just a bridge the 4.5% rate guidance for the year and then the follow-ons to that are how you are thinking about rental rates long-term just with a strong year again this year with specialty. National Pump mix team and more specialty to come, whats the long-term view on that? And then lastly just kind of still on the rate theme, what the competitive environment feels like out there. It sounds like you guys are being good leaders, but just any anecdote there. Thanks. I will cut it there. Thank you very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Scott. So, I will start with the near-term and what gave us the confidence to set a target 4.5 for ourselves for the balance of the year. If you think about that sequentially and what we would have to do, we will have to do 0.5 sequentially for the base  for the balance of our peak season, so July through October, 0.5 and then flatten out to down in November and December, that delivers a 4.5 result for the year. So, its not a slam dunk so to speak, but we feel confident thats why we raised that guidance. As far as long-term, we hadnt put a long-term target out there yet. I will let Bill speak to it some.
William Plummer: Sure. But just add on to the short-term statement, so if we did that 0.5 through October Scott that would put our year-over-year third quarter rental rate performance in the high-4s and not quite 5% but in the high-4s. And that would put the fourth quarter year-over-year in the lower half of the 4s. So hopefully that gives you a little bit better sense as the second half gains year-over-year rate. For the longer term I think we have talked for a little while now that we continue to see rates over the long-term trending down from the year-over-year growth rates that they have been achieving recently, down to something that looks like 3% a year sort of a steady state. Thats the way we think about our long-term forecasting. I am not saying that we will get that 3% next year, if we finish this year at 4.5 say that will be pretty good momentum carrying into next year and maybe do a little bit better than 3% next year everything else holding  the macro holding in the kind of growth rate that we are experiencing right now. But as we think about 16, 17, 18 something like 3% we think makes a lot of sense as a modeling assumption. And obviously the macro can swamp that for the better or for the worst, but thats how we think about the long-term.
Michael Kneeland: I would only add Scott that as far as the competition, I think everyone is being good stewards and marching forward. When you take a look at the Rouse report we have a bandwidth in which are leading the charge. What that band seems to be consistent by all of the report month to months which tells you that as we are growing our rate, the industry is growing our rate as well. And then I think everyone else who is public has been reporting positive number. So I think from our perspective thats how the industry has been reacting. I will also say that its necessary because inflation kicks in prices go up and we have to earn over our cost of capital as an industry. So I think it will continue that trend. And to Bills point the macro environment will be one of the ones that we will be able to monitor and judge the rate improvement. But I am also pointing out one last point that is we are always as a company strive to maximize our return and also on our rates.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Great. Thanks guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Hi, good morning. I am wondering Bill you talked a little bit about return on invested capital, I am wondering if you are still targeting double digits by the end of 2015 and how you see the trajectory of getting to that metric, is it sort of a steady 100 basis points a quarter or now you tend to be more of a hockey stick at that end and why and I guess related to that this National Pump is the interesting in that, you are taking a local high margin product service and leveraging it across your network is part of a key element to the plan on getting to that return on invested capital you need to do more of the these things thats sort of a new business model for acquisition for you?
William Plummer: So, on the ROIC, just to be clear I think what we said about ROIC is that certainly we are targeting double digit 10% is our internal hurdle rate. And we have talked about achieving that in the material that we put in our investor deck achieving that over a 3 to 5 year period. So 2015 is a little more sudden than what we would say, we would expect to achieve double digit ROIC. Not impossible but thats not what we have talked about historically. I do believe that growing in the specialty areas is going to be an important component of us achieving that high level of ROIC. Again in the material we put in our investor deck there is a contribution that we have there from business mix and other and part of that business mix is from growth in the specialty areas either organic growth or indeed if we do any further acquisitions. The material we put out does not assume acquisitions, thats purely organic growth but acquisitions certainly could help accelerate that process if we found the right ones. So, I think thats the way we talk about specialty and its contribution. Specialty certainly will be an important driver, but its not the only driver of us getting to the levels of return that we want to get to. There are things that we can continue to do in our base business and we are working very hard at those everyday.
Steven Fisher - UBS: And just to follow-up, what was the starting point for that three to five years, is that back from our Investor Day in 2012 or is that sort of just been ongoing?
William Plummer: Yes. So, thats something that we have put out in our investor material, I dont know, quarter, two quarters ago. Its based on 2013 ROIC. So, 2013 and we have targeted a three to five-year horizon of getting above 10% and we have talked about the components that we think will drive us there.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. Michael, can you talk about out of the lean initiative that you mentioned what would the impact be on fleet available for rent, though it looks like in your long-term bridge you are looking for 100 basis points of utilization improvement per year? Is that the driver, I know you spoke about the cost benefit, but maybe you can touch on the utilization opportunity of the results?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think what you are referring to is as we go to the lean process we are talking about the shop flow and turnaround time, which will be a component of not available for rent. And we  if we were to take down 2 points, that would be a substantial amount of freed up cash to deploy to put on rent. Thats part of the strategy around the lean. As I mentioned, we have had 141 branches. We are seeing nice improvements in efficiencies there. And we are going to continue to focus on that. So, thats part  that would be part of our plan. I think the other part of our plan around the not available for rent is really just about discipline and fleet management. And when we took a look at the best of both worlds between United Rentals and RSC, we merged the two together. We have a gentleman who came over from RSC who is managing our fleet with the field and is doing a very good job of implying and putting that process to work. So, our processes have changed as well in the way in which we deploy capital and move our fleet, but those will be the two dynamics that we are focusing on. And if you take a look at our size of our fleet, 2 points is real money.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you. And can you just talk about on the capital allocation side, which regions you are seeing outsized capital allocation, still where you are seeing the most of maybe still in the top two or three regions within your company?
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Matt?
Matt Flannery: Yes, sure, Jerry. So, regionally, you could imagine where the hotspots are. And although we have had broad-based growth as a matter of fact we had 12 of our 15 regions show double-digit growth and thats exclusive of pump will also obviously have robust growth. So, we are spreading the capital, but there are couple of hot pockets, where you could imagine the energy sector and not just upstream gets a lot of talk, but we are seeing capital projects at a high level in the energy sector overall, whether its power plants or LNG plants. So, those hot pockets along the Gulf Coast and then some spots up in the Northern Midwest are certainly getting their fair share of capital, but I wouldnt point to just one or two spots where we are seeing robust growth in many of our end markets.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. I would only add that the only other thing that we are doing differently on a capital allocation is around contribution margin, not only by asset, but by customer. And that is probably one of the key takeaways of the changes in the way in which we are putting our fleet to work. So, under the gentlemen I mentioned earlier, that is being implemented through the field. They understand it. And its a different way in which we look at the world. And therefore the monies that we talk about that the capital allocation thats one of the reasons why we will continue to make sure that the specialty businesses are well-financed and well funded for their growth. And doing it both organically as well as through cold starts and we have done two acquisitions. So thats kind of how we think about it.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Good morning.
Michael Kneeland: How are you?
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Thank you for taking my question. I just want to drill a little bit deeper on rates, you mentioned that your pump business was not reflected in rate growth this quarter since it was not in the business a year ago, once National Pump does lap next year can you quantify the impact you will have on the rate growth?
William Plummer: George I dont think it will be a significant impact one way or another the rate growth is not dramatically different than what we are seeing in other areas. The pump story is more about getting more fleet on that, its a volume story for us more like here now. And thats the real opportunity if I can get out there find the customers who need pumps and get those pumps in their hand. And so thats what we are chasing at. I dont think you are going to see it moving our rate performance dramatically once it does start being included.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray: Very helpful. Thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks George.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nick Coppola from Thompson Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research: Good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research: So I wanted to ask the one question on weather here and kind of in your conversations with customers how much volume in Q2 do you think could have potentially been from work pushed out from winter weather and really just some catch up activity occurring?
Matt Flannery: Hi Nick, this is Matt. We are not really seeing that as something that we are hearing from our customers, its really when you think about the cycle of a project you can ramp it up some and maybe condense the front end of it if you have a delivery date towards the end of the year and maybe you can condense some but you still got to go through the normal phases of construction. And I dont know that you condense it enough, but it would have a real impact on Q2 revenue maybe some small projects that had a very short window of needs, but thats not a monstrous spot of our portfolio. So I dont think its a material and which we dont think its a material impact.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research: That makes sense. And then just my second question can you give us any color on whats been going on through the first few weeks of July here and our utilization rate kind of trending in line with your expectations and any kind of incremental color on that would be helpful?
William Plummer: Sure, Nick, its Bill. Yes, the first quarter  excuse me the first parts of the third quarter early part of July things are trending nicely for us. So and very much in line with the outlook that we have given and what we expect. On the rate front, on the utilization front, volume front its trending well. And then Matt or Michael if you guys want to add anything.
Michael Kneeland: No, I think you said it.
Nick Coppola - Thompson Research: Alright. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research: Good morning. First question I think is on the EBITDA incrementals into back half of the year, you had sort of expressed that there would be a little bit of a step down into 2Q and understand the National Pump impact, but as you go into the back half and sort of implying an additional step down, could you just walk through some of the components driving that?
William Plummer: So, in the back half I think the key things to remember are the impact that we will see on the year-over-year rental rates. I think I mentioned that before with the fourth quarter in particular being a little bit less of a year-over-year improvement than what we have seen in the first few quarters of the year in the lower half of 4s instead of in the upper half of 4s where we have been. We have got the year-over-year impact of items like our bonus accrual I mentioned that in our bridge of EBITDA. Compared to last year our bonus and the compensation expenses are going to be up a little bit. Used sales is a significant impact in the second half versus the first. Remember, if you go back to that first quarter our used sales were actually down year-over-year and used sales bring a lower margin than the rest of the company. So as they go down they actually help the flow-through. That was a pretty significant impact in the first quarter. And so that impacted the first half flow-through positively and therefore the second half should be a little bit less. What else, the pump acquisition obviously will be a significant impact I called that out already 4% to 5% impact, depressing the second half and therefore pushing it down versus the first half. I think the important thing to focus on is the full year flow-through that we expect is still about 60% and thats including the impact of pump. If you excluded pump the full year would be a little higher. And therefore the second half would be a little higher than what maybe you are calculating just based on the outlook that we have given. And truth told if you have put a gun to my head I said this last night to a couple of folks. If I had best weather it would be little higher or little lower than that 60%. I bet right now maybe a little higher. So I think that flow-through is shaping up nicely for the year.
Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research: That was really helpful. Thank you. And then just components of growth obviously the National Pump impact on mix in the quarter, I think from the Q it says that the mix effect is still a headwind on the general rental side, but just how to think about mix into the back half of the year and sort of net effective of inflation and mix to growth?
Michael Kneeland: But I think if you think about the back half as comparable to the second quarter from a mix impact perspective that will be a good start on how to model it. So as I said earlier about 3.5 percentage points of the 16.8 rental revenue growth that we had came from mix, I think if you did that again for third and fourth quarter that will be a good starting point.
Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research: Great, thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tim Robinson from Susquehanna. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna: Hi guys, good morning. Thanks for taking my call.
Michael Kneeland: Youre welcome.
Tim Robinson - Susquehanna: I just want to ask real quick about SG&A and it (picked) up, it sounds like it was mostly incentive comp and I am assuming acquisition out of the costs as well, I was just wondering if there is anything else and that we should be aware of and how you would encourage us to think about the 187 as a run rate going forward?
William Plummer: Nothing else major to call out Tim in SG&A, the incentive comp was the big driver. As you go forward again there is nothing major that I would call after the second half. So I think you can safely use the run rate obviously we will have the impacts of the selling cost based on your revenue estimates, we will have puts and takes incentive line items. But nothing major that we point out.
Tim Robinson  Susquehanna: Got it. And then real quick if you would hit your rate guidance for the year, what would that imply for a carry over the pricing heading into 2015?
William Plummer: Give me second Tim here and we will dig that up. Its normally in the 2% area maybe a touch higher but we will dig it up real quick and through it out before the call end.
Tim Robinson  Susquehanna: Perfect. Well, thanks a lot. Thats all I have.
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Good morning guys. So just a question on CapEx I know we talked a little about the potential for our additional M&A with your free cash flow for the rest of the year, but I am just curious what would cause you guys to take up your CapEx plans from the $1.7 billion for 2017, is there anything or is that pretty much you would say like locked and loaded for the year?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike and I will ask Matt to join in and Bill too as well. But for me I would like to see both rate and time utilization grow and particularly as it applies to our contribution margin in areas that we can really get nice returns on. But those are probably the two dynamics. That being said its also I want to make sure with the management team that we are not just buying for today. We are buying for multiple years. So but they can put that equipment to use longer term and but rate and time utilization that combination may give me the opportunity to think differently.
Matt Flannery: And I think so, this is Matt, Nicole. I somewhat passed earlier about what kind of impact lean could have on OEC NA and OEC not available. So, as we continue to drive our lean initiative throughout the organization we are about 20% to 25% of our stores impacted already. We actually hope will create more capacity for growth within the capital that we have. So, we really have gotten our team away from the thinking that I need $2 of capital to drive $1 of growth revenue and thats really part of our goal and part of the reason why we want to stay disciplined on our capital spend.
Michael Kneeland: And the only thing I would add, Nicole, is that all of those factors we would mix in along with the impact on cash flow. We take cash flow pretty seriously. And as long as we dont feel that we are doing significant damage to our cash flow and in the long run we are enhancing our cash flow as a company that would be a factor in deciding to spend more capital as well. Just to go back to Tims question about carryover rate if we did 4.5 this year, I think 2% is probably a good number to use right here now. So, just Tim, I wanted to follow up on that.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks for the color on the CapEx guys. And just one more for me, I mean, Mikes comments about commercial construction were pretty bullish, I am just curious are you guys actually seeing real tangible signs of that recovery or is that more a reflection of just customer confidence and their recovery getting better?
Matt Flannery: Hi, Nicole, its Matt again. I would say its both. So, you see in our deck that our customer confidence is the best results in our survey that we have seen all year, including last year. And we also have seen a robust pipeline of large projects and thats a core competency, not just of ours, but of our key accounts. So, we expect to get our fair share plus of participation in those projects. And I had mentioned earlier all the jobs in the power sector and the LNG probably the most renowned one is the (indiscernible) project down in the Gulf Coast, but we have got stadiums popping up in different markets. We have got large retail popping up in different markets and really a robust pipeline of major projects throughout the country.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you guys so much.
Matt Flannery: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the conference back over to Mr. Michael Kneeland for closing remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks operator. I want to remind everyone that our annual Investor Day in New York has been scheduled for December 4. So, I hope you all attend and join us on our webcast, but more information will come forward as we get closer to that date. In the meantime, please download our current investor update or our updated investor presentation that we have. And as always, you can contact us here in Stanford if there is something you want to discuss. So, operator, you can end the call now. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes our program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - President and CEO William B. Plummer - EVP and CFO Matthew Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs Steven M. Fisher - UBS Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray David Raso - ISI Group Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group Manish Somaiya - Citi Investment Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter 2014 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's Web-site at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the Company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. I want to thank all of you for joining on today's call. We have three topics on the agenda this morning; first, our strong performance in the quarter; second, our external environment and how that's playing out in terms of demand; and third, we'll give you an update on National Pump and some of the other initiatives that we have underway to drive growth and efficiencies. Our goal is also to provide you as much visibility as possible into how we are thinking about the rest of the year will unfold. And then after that, we'll answer your questions. So let's get started. The first quarter is always about pushing forward against seasonal headwinds and driving year-over-year improvement, and I'm happy to say that we overcame an unusually harsh winter and generated solid numbers in every major metric. We did this by managing the business very strategically to capitalize on pockets of demand, and we saw that in the results last night. We had a sizable increase in rental revenue and our adjusted EBITDA dollars and margin were both first quarter records for us. We also increased our volume, time utilization and rates on larger fleet, and something that wasn't in the release, we improved our rate sequentially for every month in the quarter. Frankly, that was a little better than we expected. Now Bill will discuss the numbers in a minute but that gives you an idea of how we've turned a seasonal low point into a strong start of the year. And now, I want to turn our attention to the marketplace at large. Last year, I said that we were bullish about the impending recovery. In January, we confirmed that equipment rental appears to be in the early stages of a multiyear growth cycle. And now, commercial construction, which accounts for about half our business, appears to be in a broader recovery, and as you know, commercial construction is typically the last end market to pick up steam in an up-cycle. So any improvement is a positive sign. Even so, the first weeks of the year were very difficult, but as we moved through late February into March, things evened out and we're now seeing near universal improvement in demand. And that's not just a 10,000 foot view. A few weeks ago, we completed our quarterly business reviews, so we have very recent input from the front lines. Reports from the field indicate more optimism than we've seen in years, and our customers are upbeat about their own business prospects. So in short, there is a widespread sense that things are back on track. The first quarter metrics support this. For one thing, our used equipment margin was more than 5 percentage points higher than the first quarter last year, and that's another good indicator in market optimism. All but one of our regions showed rental revenue growth in the quarter and about half our regions had double-digit growth. I'll give you an idea of the scope of recovery. Our Midwest and Southeast regions turned in the strongest revenue performance. They had year-over-year increases in the range of 18% to 19%. And our Gulf, Mountain West and South regions were very close to the top. In the Southeast alone, we won bids on the City Center complex, a power plant, a pharmaceutical plant as well as two other sports facilities and a large residential tower. We're also seeing infrastructure projects come back online both in the U.S. and Canada, and our industrial business continues to be robust, particularly with manufacturing and energy. And this kind of project diversity we expect recovery begins to take root, and we've been steadily scaling up to meet this demand, and now in the second quarter we're in an ideal position to take some significant steps forward. First, there's our capital allocation. We plan to deploy over 40% of our gross rental CapEx in the second quarter and we'll purchase roughly $750 million of fleet against our full-year guidance of $1.7 billion. And as we noted in January, we increased our capital allocation for the specialty rentals this year with an eye towards growing these businesses. Our full-year CapEx plan for specialty fleet is approximately $240 million, and this includes capital for National Pump which we closed on April 1. Now on the subject of National Pump, this is a new platform that has all the hallmarks of a home run. It's really put in the place as a key part of our equipment range, and the integration is doing well. We have rebranded the business as United Rentals Pump Solutions, in line with the way we market our other specialty offerings. The plan is to move the pump operation onto our technology by the end of June, and then launch a fully integrated cross-selling effort. Our other specialty lines continue to turn in strong performances. Same-store growth for trench safety, power and HVAC was an impressive 19% year-over-year, and we're on track to open at least 18 branches this year including some for our new pump platform and our industrial tool business. As we previously stated, we want to double the size of our high-margin specialty segment within five years. That gives you an idea of the importance we placed on these businesses as a lever of ROIC. Although they are unique in certain ways, our specialty operations share the same culture and sense of purpose as the rest of our organization. For example, every branch regardless of its focus understands that safety is our first priority, and in the first quarter, we worked together to drive our recordable rate below one, for the first time in our history. That's really a major victory. Now I want to call attention to our lean initiative that we announced on our last call. Lean requires upfront investment of time and money, but we think it can generate a run rate of at least $100 million of efficiencies within three years. We have already introduced the lean process to over 100 of our branches, and while still early, we've identified what should be sustainable improvements in productivity, and we'll be able to share more about this program with you later in the year. And finally, our entire sales force is out there talking to our customers about the benefits of sourcing their job site needs to a single provider. This gives continual cross-selling opportunities throughout the project lifecycle. It also encourages more revenue from our key accounts which were up almost 8% in the quarter versus last year, and it encourages our local unassigned accounts to stay with us and grow over time. Unassigned accounts, roughly a third of our revenue base, they were up almost 12% in the quarter. So we have a lot of momentum in a very promising year. Now before I turn the call over to Bill, I want to share a personal observation. I believe that one of our greatest strengths as any organization is our ability to manage all the initiatives I just described, and still think about the business very strategically. We're a disciplined, thoughtful, inventive company that stays both focused and open-minded about our avenues of growth, and these qualities have given us a strong start to the year and we'll continue to make sound decisions that earn us investor confidence. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for the financial results, and after that, we'll take your questions. So, over to you, Bill.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and I'll offer my good morning to everyone as well. I'll try to add a little bit more color to the numbers that were in the press release last night and hopefully it would be helpful. If not, ask questions in Q&A. Starting with revenue and in particular rental revenue, a nice quarter for us in rental revenue growth. It was up 9.7% over last year. It's about $89 million of higher rental revenue, and that rental revenue growth was really driven by all components. Within that, our owned equipment rental revenues were up 9.1%, our re-rent was up 7.8%, and our ancillary and other items were up a robust 16% over last year. So, a very nice growth in all the components of rental revenue. Within the owned equipment revenue line, OER, Mike mentioned rental rate performance was good. We were up 4.3% on our rate metric for the quarter, very nice start to the year for us. The volume was also very strong in the quarter. We had an average of just under $5 billion of fleet on rent. That's up 7.6% compared to last year. So, a nice volume quarter for us as well. And to get those two lining up nicely in spite of the harsh winter that Mike mentioned and also in spite of what was a headwind from the Canadian exchange rate which was down about almost 9% year-over-year, it was a nice start for us. So, those were two nice drivers. Obviously inflation and mix were a headwind, call it 2.8% headwind, on the year-over-year growth for those two components combined. So, all in all, a very nice start to the year on a rental revenue basis and carries us nicely into the start of the second quarter. Fleet overall was up this year. We spent roughly $330 million on fleet purchases for the quarter and so our average total fleet size was up 7%. So you combine that with the 7.6% growth in fleet on rent and that gets you the 40 basis point improvement in time utilization that we reported last night. So, again, another nice start on time utilization improvement for the year. Before I leave revenue overall, just to hit used equipment sales quickly. We generated $110 million of used equipment proceeds during the quarter, and very importantly, we did it at a very robust margin of 49.4% adjusted gross margin. We think that reflects a very, very strong demand environment which despite the harsh winter started to build momentum later in the quarter. It was down from the prior year and that 11% decline we think was heavily impacted by winter weather. We also think it was heavily impacted by the expiration of depreciation incentives in the tax code at the end of last year. We think some people accelerated their used purchases into the fourth quarter and borrowed it out of January and February of this year. But we are encouraged by the fact that March used sales activity was very nicely rebounded and so far April feels pretty good as well. So we feel we're well on track to deliver our used sales expectations for the full year. Let me turn to profitability, starting at adjusted EBITDA, $519 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter and delivered at a 44.1% margin, which is a record first quarter margin for the Company. So, a very nice improvement in adjusted EBITDA, $68 million year-over-year improved, and importantly, 310 basis points of improvement from last year. Just to walk you through the bridge components of the year-over-year change in adjusted EBITDA, we calculate the rental rate impact at $33 million of that $68 million improvement, volume about 7.6% growth in fleet on rent translates into $41 million of the $68 million year-over-year improvement. Fleet inflation and mix was a headwind, a net of $16 million. The robust ancillary and other rental revenue growth that I referred to earlier translates into about $8 million of year-over-year improvement. We had a good bad debt expense experience for the quarter. Year-over-year bad debt was favorable $4 million compared to last year, so that contributed nicely. We had our normal merit increase process. It cost us about $5 million of headwind in the quarter. And then the net of everything else we lump into other, including much of the FX impact, and all of that was a net $3 million improvement over last year. So, those are the components, and certainly if you have further questions about them, we could address them in Q&A. Flow-through in the quarter was very robust for us, 87.2% for the quarter, and that reflects not only the underlying performance of the business but a couple of specific items that we'd call your attention to. You remember last year in the first quarter we had some one-off items that we called your attention to back then. It was $5 million to implement 5S across our branches. There was another $5 million that we spent to reduce the amount of fleet not available. So, those were one-offs, they did not recur this year, and so that $10 million year-over-year impact helped to boost our overall flow-through. We also had the bad debt experience that I talked about. It was $4 million of year-over-year improvement. So, that helped boost the flow-through effect as well. And the last thing we'd point to is that we did have a decline year-over-year in used equipment sales. And so, we had a reduction in revenue dollars that took away roughly 49% margin dollars. So, that reduction in a lower margin item actually helped boost the remaining overall flow-through. So, we wouldn't extrapolate the 87% flow-through for the remainder of the year. We continue to believe that we'll deliver about 60% flow-through for the full-year as a total company, and I'll point out that that includes the impact of adding National Pump which adds revenue dollars at about a 50% margin. So that's going to weigh us down, but we still think that we'll deliver about 60% flow-through for the full year. Dropping down to EPS real briefly, $0.90 of adjusted EPS for the quarter. That compares to $0.48 in the first quarter of last year. Obviously, a robust performance and it really just reflects everything that I talked about previously. Before I go to the outlook, just real quickly on free cash flow and the capital structure. It was a busy quarter for us. Free cash flow came in very strong in the first quarter, $278 million, and that's of course after the $330 million or so we spent on rental CapEx and another $18 million or so on non-rental CapEx. So, a robust start to year on free cash flow and it puts us nicely on track for the free cash flow that we guided to for the full-year. We had some capital structure actions during the quarter as well. We had previously announced the redemption of $200 million worth of our 10.25% notes. We made that announcement in the fourth quarter. We actually closed that redemption in the month of January and funded it from our ABL. So that transaction closed early in the quarter. And then later in the quarter we issued new notes, both to refinance another high coupon issue, the $500 million of 9.25% notes. We issued new notes there by reopening another existing issue, our 6.125% notes. And then we also issued $850 million of new notes to finance the acquisition of National Pump. And I call your attention to the fact that all of those issues happened during the month of March, the actual payments though didn't happen until the month of April. So, they actually don't show up as outflows on the balance sheet at March 31. If you look at where we stand today, actually as of April 14, so earlier this week, on liquidity, the net of all those actions have happened and so our liquidity overall is a total of $1.35 billion. That includes available ABL capacity of $1.2 billion and net cash position of $132 million. Just briefly to touch on the share repurchase program, we executed about $43 million of repurchases in our common stock during the first quarter. If you add that $43 million to what we did in the fourth quarter and what we've done in the month of April so far, we stand at about $90 million of shares that we repurchased against the $500 million authorization that we had. Obviously, we've said before that we expect to repurchase about $450 million of shares during calendar 2014, and we feel like we've gotten a decent start during the first quarter, but perhaps a little slower than otherwise it would be because so much of the first quarter was blacked out either for reporting purposes or because we were working on the National Pump deal. So, you can expect us to ramp up that repurchase activity in the second quarter and we still are very committed to delivering $450 million of those repurchases in calendar 2014, and indeed getting the entire $500 million authorization done by April as we originally  April of next year as we originally announced. Just to hit on our outlook real briefly, you saw that we didn't change any of the numbers to our outlook for 2014 last night but perhaps a slight change in tone. So just to reiterate, we expect total revenue in the range of $5.45 billion up to $5.46 billion during calendar 2014. Within that, rental revenue growth will be driven by our expectations around rental rates. We still see rental rates up about 4% for the year. Obviously, we did get off to a nice start. So, we hope that we will have an opportunity to do better and always will try to do better. Our time utilization for the full year, we continue to expect to be up 30 basis points compared to last year, and I'd remind everyone that that would be another Company record. For adjusted EBITDA, we expect the full year to come in between $2.55 billion and $2.65 billion, and as I said before, we expect the flow-through to adjusted EBITDA to be about 60% for the full year. Our view of adjusted EBITDA is that we're not in a position where we think it's prudent to raise the range of expectation, but we have started to say that we expect to be near the top of that range, and so we'll continue to drive higher there if we have the opportunity. The CapEx picture is unchanged as well, $1.7 billion of growth CapEx for the full year is our expectation, and that will net down to $1.2 billion on a net basis. And finally on free cash flow, we continue to expect between $425 million and $475 million of free cash flow for the year. And I'll remind you that all of those outlook components reflect the addition of the performance that we will realize from National Pump. I'll stop there and open it up for Q&A, but certainly do feel good about what we did to start this year and we look forward to rolling out the rest of the year hopefully into a very strong year for us overall. So with that, operator, let's open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: I just wanted to go back to, in your prepared remarks you talked about this $100 million of cost initiatives. Can you talk about how much of that is embedded in your guidance for this year, it sounds like not a lot, and sort of how should we be thinking about that rolling through the model over the next couple of years and kind of helping the pull-through margin, is my first question?
William B. Plummer: Seth, it's Bill. We haven't given a number for 2014. What we said is that we'll make a nice down payment on that $100 million run rate impact. We certainly think that anybody who saw the number would agree that it would be a nice down payment, but that's as far as we've gone.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: And do you think it should have been linear or you think it's more backend weighted?
William B. Plummer: You know, we're just starting to roll out the program, so logically it has to be more backend weighted. But I think we expect that it will build nice momentum as we get into the second half. I'd remind you also that it is built into the guidance that we've given, right. The assumption that we have for how much, we did put in. So it's not something that we are keeping in our back pocket, it's out there in the guidance.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Right, but if it's accelerating going forward, could that in theory support a pull-through margin north of 60% next year, say in 2015?
William B. Plummer: I'm not ready to say that just yet, Seth. I think what we need to do is to make sure that we've got a handle on all the components that will impact pull-through next year. We certainly over the longer haul think that 60% is a good way to think about things. This could be a way to get higher flow-through, but it's maybe what we need to do in order to get to the 60% consistently. So, let us reserve comment on 2015's pull-through until we get a little closer.
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. There is a level of transparency that we have with everybody in, and as I mentioned in my opening comments that as we go through the year, we'll be able to communicate more. There are several factors, it's not just the cost initiative, it's also our revenue initiative as well. So we want to be able to quantify and be able to speak clearly to everybody. So, expect to hear more as we go through the year.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then, Mike, if I could just follow up on National Pump, I know we're only a short time into the transaction but can you characterize any conversations you've had with customers about cross-selling between the two, any opportunities that have come up in the short time that you've owned the company?
Michael J. Kneeland: I will say that I did spend a day out at one of the branch right after we closed and I walked away very excited about the opportunities there ahead of us and also the management that we have brought on board, but I'll ask Matt to speak specifically to your question.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Mike. Hi, Seth. So, we obviously were very excited about the deal before we closed or we wouldn't have made that investment, but we've been even more pleasantly surprised by the reaction from our employees and our customer base. We've had strategy meeting over the last few days where Paul McDonnell and his team leading the specialty business and our national accounts team have been strategizing on cross-sell because the customers are pulling us in immediately. So, once we're all on the same platform, which will happen by the end of the second quarter, that will be even easier to do but we already are working on plans on cross-selling. Our customer base has really received very positively us filling this gap in our product offering.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much, guys.
William B. Plummer: Before we go to the next question, I just wanted to correct one thing I said on our outlook for the full year. The total revenue range will be $5.45 billion at the bottom, $5.65 billion at the top. I think I misstated that previously. I just wanted to get it straight. So, operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs: Can you gentlemen just talk about the action that you took to manage the fleet in the quarter? You alluded to it in your prepared remarks. I'm wondering if you could flush that out because you outperformed the typical seasonality from a utilization standpoint, 1Q versus 4Q, in what should have been a really challenging quarter, and then if you apply typical seasonality from here, I guess you'd get well above your utilization target for the year. So I'm just wondering if you could just step us through what went right in the quarter.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. It's Matt. Obviously, we really were focused on not putting any undue pressure on the areas that we're having a bad weather impact, and re-shifting fleet, both new fleet and existing fleet, to the markets where we had opportunities. With that being said, the Midwest had quite a harsh winter and was one of our highest growing region at 18% growth. So there is some of this that's just penetration and the continued growth of the build we've been doing since the integration of RSC. But I would say from a macro perspective broad-based, it was how we managed our opportunities and make sure we funded our opportunities, and the rate impact came as a result of us not putting undue stress on the impacted markets. So, we're very happy with the way the team managed that.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs: And given that, Bill, at which point did you start thinking about taking up your CapEx outlook for the year in the context of how strong the start has been from a utilization standpoint or which utilization level on a full-year basis would you say we probably have enough fleet on hand?
William B. Plummer: There's not a magic number on utilization where we would say, it's time to spend some more. I think it's fair to say that we have an ongoing conversation about how much we spend daily, and the question is, what's the set of circumstances that get us comfortable enough to say, yes, we'll put more fleet into the business. I think it's also fair to say that we probably want to have a good look at how the season is building, and that means that you want to see April, you probably want to see May before you start having any serious conversation about possibly raising CapEx. So, stay tuned. I think we'll talk more about it in the second quarter earnings call and have a tighter view at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher from UBS. Your question please.
Steven M. Fisher - UBS: As you've been exhibiting a greater level of discipline on CapEx, as you were just talking about, but I'm curious what kind of discipline, or if relevant lack of thereof, are you seeing in the marketplace from competitors both large and small?
Michael J. Kneeland: I'll talk about the high-level. First and foremost, I think when you look at all the companies that report publicly, they are all very prudent in the way in which they are approaching the markets. They have different strategies but they are putting in the appropriate capital for their strategy, but [indiscernible] you're seeing rental rates improvement. We also subscribe to [a route] (ph), we've mentioned this before, there's about 84, 85 good companies that report as you look in the rear-view mirror for legal reasons, about a 90 day lag on it, and it gives you a sense of different [MSAs] (ph). When we look at how we're raising our rental rates over time, we're seeing kind of the whole industry come up. So that would tell you that everyone is appropriately trying to apply rental rates wherever they can. So that's the best market data I have. Matt?
Matthew Flannery: I think Mike covered it well, and I do think more importantly the OEMs are  I think that the combination of the OEM participation and the credit markets are making people to be more responsible than maybe they did going all the way in through 2008 and spending money and OEMs producing a lot of products. So, I think the growth is smooth, steady and appropriate for the level of demand that's out there.
Steven M. Fisher - UBS: That's helpful. And then maybe just a question about the agility of your business model. You made a decision to focus on rates as you talked about [to enable to] (ph) make adjustments for weather in the quarter. Just curious, at what point in the quarter did you make those adjustments and set that strategy, and I guess the broad question is, how quickly can your ship be turned to address market conditions, and then how would you say, how would you describe what your focus is for the second quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland: I would tell you that when you look at our fleet management process, there's an evolution of the best of both worlds when we went through the RSC transaction. We took some of their operating principles, we took some of our operating principles, we bonded them together and we developed a very disciplined approach in the way in which we are going to apply it, and this is the end result. So, I think that as Matt mentioned, we have the ability to fund pockets where they were needed. Conversely, we didn't put undue pressure in areas where it wasn't required, and I think that will be an ongoing process. As far as our agility to move, it's very difficult to move things from say Canada down to say Florida, but you can sell and you can repurpose that capital. Those are the things that we do and all of these things are how we manage the fleet on a go forward basis. And by the way, it's not just a snapshot of where we are today, we have to think about it, where are we going to be six months to a year down the road because we don't want to be moving this capital on a continuous basis in that format.
Matthew Flannery: I think the additional good news is that we have broad-based demand now. We got through the winter by maybe being a little more selective about our opportunities, but as a Mike stated in his prepared remarks, we have growth in every region except for one geographically and half of them are double-digit growth. So I don't think we'll be as challenged with where we meet the demand from a rate perspective, it will be which ones we choose to fund at a higher level than others.
Steven M. Fisher - UBS: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: What I would like to tackle is your sales force. You added I think 100 folks mostly unassigned accounts last year. Want to get an update on productivity there and then your plans for 2014 and which areas are you adding, the number and productivity and areas of focus.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Scott, this is Matt. We actually have 153 more field sales reps on a year-over-year basis. So we had 100 for our goal for the second quarter last year but we built that up to 150 throughout the year, and that's where we sit today. We think that's appropriate level for OSRs other than additional reps we may bring in for our 18 cold starts, and you'll see some more there. So, we feel pretty good about the level of our sales team and we've got very good productivity out of them. As you see, our unassigned accounts grew faster than the overall Company growth in the back half of the year and for the first quarter this year, and that was really us reconnecting with some of the business we felt we lost during the RSC integration.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. And then I have a follow-up. I noticed from the presentation pack this time around, you're focusing on the specialty rental categories that you have. Historically you've also  you've been focusing on those that you were targeting and [I was just wondering] (ph) now you've achieved it. So I'm just curious, how are you thinking, is it going to be time spent on integrating or are you looking still actively perhaps at M&A and some of the other categories, liquid storage tank rental or others that you had listed previously?
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. I would tell you that we are clearly focused on integrating the pump business and we've dedicated ourselves to growing our specialty business and we want to grow it, double the size of the business over the next five years. That is our main strategy. With regards to looking at other possibilities, I think it's prudent for us to always look at what the future may bring us and that is a big laundry list. So again, going back to the discipline that we've talked about numerous times, we look at a strategy, we look at the returns and then we also look at the culture, and all of those will always play into our decision-making, but right now we're focused on integrating the pump business and we see a significant upside opportunity for us to  like I said, it's got the hallmarks of a home run and that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank: With the goal of doubling the specialty business, how much of that is going to come from acquisition and how much of that would come from just organic growth and capital spending?
William B. Plummer: It's Bill, Phil. Most of it is going to be organic growth. That's the way we're targeting the initiatives for the business. So if there is an acquisition, we'll re-evaluate whether we should raise that target, change that target to add on the acquired growth on top of the organic growth.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank: Okay, as the last question, you answered the question on the liquid storage tank, obviously with National Pump you get into more of the oil and gas, is that an area of focus that you'll either spend CapEx or look to make an acquisition to kind of broaden out that pump portfolio?
William B. Plummer: So oil and gas is an area of focus just as an industry vertical for the business overall. I don't know that I'd say it's particularly a focus for acquisition as much as a focus for how do we build relationships with customers and how do we make sure that we can offer value to them. If an acquisition makes sense, right, then we certainly will look at it but it's got to hit our criteria and we're not going to do it just because we want to plan a bigger flag in the oil and gas sector. But Matt, Mike, if you want to add anything to that?
Matthew Flannery: No, I think Bill covered it well.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank: Great, and just the last one for me. I think, Bill, on the last call you mentioned 2.7 to 2.8 net leverage by the end of the year. Is that still part of the guidance?
William B. Plummer: Yes, I mean that's still in the neighborhood. It might be a touch higher. We put in the investor deck a slide that shows 2.9 at the end of this year. I think as we've gone through some of the refinance actions, as we've gone through finalizing the Pump acquisition and just looking at how the cash flow will play out over the year, it may be just a touch higher but it's still in that neighborhood.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray: Just wanted to get some color on your capital allocation strategy. You're generating attractive free cash flows of north of $450 million per year. Once you complete your delevering plan of 2.9 by the end of this year and your share purchase of $500 million by April of 2015, what's your priority for use of excess cash beyond that?
William B. Plummer: I'm sorry, George, can you ask that question again?
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray: So just want to understand what your priority for capital allocation is once you completed your delevering plans and share purchases to the targets that you have already issued?
William B. Plummer: Once we complete our delevering plan, that's interesting. I'd say we still believe in the leverage range that we talked about, 2.5x to 3.5x. If we get down to the 2.5x level and have completed the share repurchase program at that point and we don't have an acquisition that hits all of our criteria, then I think it's legitimate that we would talk about whether further share repurchase makes sense. That's certainly not something that we're afraid of. But we got to get through that priority of cash flow use that I just walked through. And we've put a slide in our investor deck just trying to highlight the priority of thinking around cash flow allocation that very much reflects that order, right. First, you got to fund the organic growth of the business, but yes, that's before free cash flow. And then, once you have that free cash flow, we want to make sure that if there are acquisitions out there that make sense, that we will take a hard look at them, but if they are not lined up, share repurchase makes a lot of sense. That helps?
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray: Yes, very helpful, thank you.
William B. Plummer: Let me go back to Phil's question just real quickly. The 2.7, 2.8 leverage ratio was before Pump. So when you include the acquisition of National Pump, the 2.9 is our view currently of where we'll end the year, just to clarify that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group: Quick question on the guidance what's implied. It sounds like you're pretty focused on pushing rate and the rate started the year above the full-year guide. It appears April is off to where you run  you're running even higher above the guide on rate, and obviously your rate is pretty powerful on drop-through for incremental EBITDA margin. So just so I'm clear, the rest of the year, let's say the high end of the range for EBITDA and that means 2.625, just for argument sake, it implies the rest of the year incremental EBITDA margin base of only 50. If you want to pull out National Pump, 51. And I'm just trying to make sure I understand, is the focus still on pushing rates, because if it is, the 51 would be one of your lower incrementals in a while, so I'm just trying to understand is there something implied in that incremental margin that there is a little more of a utilization push versus rate, I'm just trying to understand what does it imply?
William B. Plummer: So we don't spend a lot of time thinking about the incrementals by quarter or by half. And so, it's not something that I'm as faceted with the numbers as maybe you are, David. I think as we do think about the full-year, we think that we want to make sure that the 60% or so flow-through that we've been talking about is a high probability, we believe that it is, and there are some things that in the second half may represent a little bit more of a challenge than we saw in the first quarter of the year. So for example, we're going to ramp up our used sales activity. As we add more used sales in the back two quarters of the year, we're going to be adding revenue dollars at something like 50% EBITDA dollars. That will weigh out us a little bit more than it did in that first quarter. I don't see anything in particular that's a concern for the remaining part of the year, but I do think that we want to be a little cautious in terms of how we guide you to think about flow-through. One other thing I'd point to as well is that bad debt expense, it was a very nice experience in the first quarter, $4 million benefit year-over-year. As we think about the full-year, we don't expect to see that kind of a benefit in every quarter this year. We're doing a lot of good work around bad debt to reduce the amount of aged receivables but as we sit here today we're not forecasting that benefit to continue at the level that it started out the year. So, it's things like that that as we think through the remainder of the year in more detail, we say let's just make sure that we've got a handle on it before we get too aggressive in where we're going to end up for the full year.
David Raso - ISI Group: I appreciate that, Bill, but even if you pull out the $4 million benefit from bad debt, the incremental goes from 87 for the quarter to 82. I mean obviously it wasn't that big a number. So again, I'm just trying, bigger picture, trying to understand, are you implying something or is it, it is what it is and we can model as we choose, but I'm just trying to understand, is there a shift in what you're focusing on or would you argue, no, it's still a little more rate than it is utilization as your focus the rest of the year?
William B. Plummer: I think it's fair to say that we think about it more of it is what it is. We certainly are going to push rate. We think that we've got an opportunity. Whether we'd actually be able to execute and get better than the above 4% rate that we are talking about, we'll see how it plays out as the year goes on. Let me go back to the first quarter flow-through, that 87% was really aided by a few things, and if you take out the bad debt, if you take out the impact of those one-offs that we had last year, and if you restate used sales revenue to the same level as we had last year, so by taking out those special items that I mentioned earlier, that drops that flow-through down into the high 60s, low 70s kind of area. So, it's those kind of things that we look at and we say, okay, let's just make sure that we've got a good handle on things before we start changing and raising our guidance on EBITDA or flow-through or any of the other measures.
David Raso - ISI Group: I can appreciate that. Okay, thank you very much for the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group: End markets, what are your customers telling you about their expectations for 2014, and I saw your slide showing your customer survey results were very positive, so any further color you can add there about what they are saying and also what type of [indiscernible] activity maybe picks up after you rebound through this tough weather [indiscernible]?
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. Let me just give you a few data points, one of which would be the AGC which is the Associated General Contractors came out with an outlook survey recently and they compared it to 2013 and they broke it down into numerous categories for manufacturing, retail, private office, all the way down through to marine construction. And then after that was they had how were you rating it, expect your dollar, volume or project you complete in 2014 to be either higher, lower or the same. When you aggregate all those numbers, it's a pretty interesting chart that they mapped out where manufacturing, retail, private office, hospital, power, sewer and highway were all double-digit in comparison to 2013. So that would be one data point. The other one would be Global Insight. Global Insight is another one that we work with, particularly with the American Rental Association, and they are seeing spending in commercial construction, office construction, lodging, retail, manufacturing and healthcare. Again, when you compare the two different ones, there are some similarities that kind of all fall altogether. So again, it's not a perfect science, it's another data point that we look at in comparison with [indiscernible] reports and all the other reports that come out. But those are the things that we're seeing as far as our end markets and the optimism in what our customers are telling us.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Okay, that makes sense, that's helpful. And my second question is on used equipment margins. They were up a real strong 520 basis points year-over-year on an adjusted basis. How much of your used sales went to the retail channel this quarter relative to last year, just trying to kind of parse out [mentally] (ph) how much was from the [shift] (ph)  the more retail [indiscernible] strong performance in used [indiscernible]?
William B. Plummer: Nick, it's Bill. So operating from memory here, 55% or so was through our retail channel this year, and so that's still a fairly robust level of retail and that certainly helps support the margin. But we've also been focused on the market which is pretty robust. The pricing was pretty solid. And you combine those two things and it really does help drive the margin. So we'll continue to emphasize our retail channels, continue to try and take out as much of the auction sales as we can, continue to tap into the overall strong market pricing. There is a mix component to our margins on a year-over-year basis as well, right, the mix of units that you sell that can move things around. So that was probably part of what played into the significant increase in margin in this quarter as well, but channel mix and overall price environment were probably the bigger drivers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi.
Manish Somaiya - Citi Investment Research: Congratulations on a strong quarter. Michael, I just want to go back to your opening remarks on the cycle and I guess as we kind of see the cycle play out, how are you thinking about the up-cycle? I mean you said multi-year, but are you thinking like three-year, five-year, maybe if you can just kind of give your thoughts on that?
Michael J. Kneeland: Look, I have learned that my point of view, I look at the next several years. That's probably after that it gets a little foggy. But all indications are, Manish, that when you look at the Global Insight, when you look at some of the other projections that are out there, 2014, '15 and they go into '16, show nice improvement on a year-over-year basis, with 2015 being one of the strongest. I think it really what is, it's convergence of all the projects coming together in 2015. But again '16 and '17, they still remain very positive but not as great as you would see in 2015. All-in, they are looking at about 8% growth from Global Insight, 8.8% CAGR growth, which I think is very respectable, and those are kind of the things that we look at, but for me, I look at the next two years and I say to myself, what is it that's on our plate and what can we focus on, and do I look at the outlook outer years, absolutely, but as we get closer and closer then you get the metrics to come in and you try to validate whether those numbers are going to be plus or minus in any direction.
Manish Somaiya - Citi Investment Research: And then, maybe a question for Matt, I guess to support this growth, organic growth, Matt, are you finding that the kind of people that you want to have on your team out there? I mean what kind of issues are you having, if any, supporting this growth via hiring the right folks with the right skills?
Matthew Flannery: That's a great question. We're having great success. We have a very active recruiting team out on the field that works with the regions. Sales, management, that type of talent is readily available. We've become as we've grown into the largest in the industry quite a big draw in our space. I would say, if there was anything that I worried about long-term, it would just be, like every trade, it would be the technical expertise, but we do a real good job of home-growing that talent and we've invested a lot of money in the last two years in training because we do see that as a longer-term concern about making sure we have got the skilled labor to keep this equipment running. As far as management and sales, we are very, very well set. We're fortunate, Manish, to have low turnover for about the last five years and that's really played into our favor as well. So, I don't think people will be an issue but we are always focused on it.
Manish Somaiya - Citi Investment Research: Thanks. And then just lastly for Bill, obviously Bill, with performance having improved, with cycle showing good strength, I guess I'm trying to figure out why there is a two-notch differential in the ratings that Moody's has for senior unsecured versus S&P, and are there any discussions that you plan to have to kind of hopefully fix that?
William B. Plummer: We are trying to figure that one out ourselves. We have an ongoing dialog with both of the major rating agencies and both regular structured calls that we do on a quarterly basis and also ad hoc calls as things change around acquisitions or any other key items in the business. You'd have to ask Moody's how they are thinking about the rating directly. Our view is that we've delivered a capital structure and approach to managing the business that is pretty robust, but I'd point you to the Moody's folks and ask you to come back and tell me what they say.
Manish Somaiya - Citi Investment Research: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for closing comments.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I just want to remind everybody that we were off to a strong start in 2014. When we look at the demand that we are seeing in almost every one of our markets, the confidence and the field is going upbeat, and you always find the new investor presentation on our Web-site, and as always give us a call here in Stanford if there is something that you want to discuss. And with that, we'll end the call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer & President William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Matthew J. Flannery - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts:  Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets David Raso  ISI Group Inc. Ross Gilardi  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ted Grace  Susquehanna Financial Group Steven Fisher  UBS Investment Bank Nicole DeBlase  Morgan Stanley Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Neil Frohnapplen  Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to todays call. With me today, as the operator stated, is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer; Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officers; and other members of our senior management team. Last night you saw as reported a strong end to a record year of value creation. Our efforts in 2013 were defined by our discipline, our focus and our pursuit of profitable returns. All three of these qualities are apparent in our results. Our rental revenue and our EBITDA both showed substantial year-over-year improvements in the quarter and these are the key metrics of our core business and their trajectories look very good. We increased our rental revenue by a robust 9.4% in the quarter. The full year increase was 7%. So we outpaced our performance in earlier periods as expected. And our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $651 million at a margin of 48.7%. Thats 440 basis points higher than the prior year. These are strong tailwinds to take us into 2014.  In addition, the three drivers that underpin our revenue and margin showed solid year-over-year growth in a season challenging quarter. Our rates improved 4%. Our time utilization increased 60 basis points to over 69% and our volume of equipment on rent increased by more than 8%. The bottom line as you saw was an adjusted EPS of $1.59 per diluted share. Now Bill will discuss these numbers in more detail in a few minutes and then well go into the Q&A. So now I want to turn over to the current year. The operating environment is obviously a major factor in our outlook and we agree with the majority of forecasts, particularly more lively in rental market in 2014, with further upswings in 2015 and 2016. Now, whether the improvement this year is roughly 8% as global insight predicts, or a different number, our intention is to outpace the industry as we profitably grow the business. Now well continue to execute a balanced capital allocation program, incorporating investments both organic and inorganic growth. In the process, we expect to continue to bring down our leverage and return cash to shareholders. But the outlook we issued last night is a measure of our confidence in achieving these objectives. You can expect us to move well past the $5 billion mark in total revenue and with an even more dramatic improvement in EBITDA. To help drive this growth, we set our gross rental CapEx at $1.65 billion for 2014. Thats a big number and we spent close to that last year and we think our customer activity will support it again. Now approximately 4500 million of this capital is earmarked for growth CapEx and based on our expectations for recovery, we can adjust the throttle of this anytime depending how the year unfolds. Our agility is a major advantage from other rentals in terms of fleet management and it ties directly to scale and liquidity. I also want to mention our used equipment margin because thats another measure of demand. Our fourth quarter margin on new sales was more than 46%, compared to roughly 40% prior year. Now, North America is a strong marketplace for us right now and were in the process of expanding our export channels for used equipment to take advantage of foreign demand. So were thinking both in near term and long term dynamics to execute our strategy for profitable growth. I want to reiterate our mantra that youve heard me use before. United Rentals is not a company that chases topline at all costs. We view demand for our services and return on our capital as two sides of the same coin and we wont lose sight of that in the recovery. Our entire company is laser focused on returns. In fact, return on capital was a substantial theme in our annual management meeting three weeks ago. Well be tracking returns very closely this year using metric that tied to compensation, both at the branch and executive levels.  Now Ill touch briefly on the operating environment for the fourth quarter as we carry into 2014. We drove rental revenue growth in all but one of our regions in the quarter, with about half of our regions showing double digit growth. The southeast had the most robust performance in our general rental business. It was up nearly 21% year-over-year. Georgia was particularly strong. We serviced large capital improvement projects and plant shutdowns as well as retail. A number of these projects are ongoing in 2014 and we see good demand from oil and gas, industrial manufacturing and the food and beverage sector. Plant maintenance and retrofits continue to be a strong trend. Weve also recently run bids for corporate offices and data centers. So its an encouraging mix and the real traction in commercial construction is still ahead of us. Our specialty business has a growing role in this landscape. In the fourth quarter, trench safety revenues were up more than 19% year-over-year. The Power/HVAC revenues were up more than 15% and that growth would have been even higher without the comparison of Hurricane Sandy in 2012. Our third specialty business is called Tools and Industrial Solutions and we see an enhanced opportunity to cross sell these services based on an increasing number of tool hubs in our footprint. As many of you know, these business units speak prominently in our companys growth strategy. We opened 18 specialty locations in 2013, 12 of them in the fourth quarter. These branches are off to a good start and we expect to realize a growing benefit from our specialty cold starts in 2014 and beyond. Well continue our specialty offerings, both organically and through select acquisitions if the right opportunities arise. This year you can expect us to see open another 13 cold starts dedicated to Power and HVAC, Trench safety and pulls. Weve increased our capital allocation for specialty by 44% compared to last year. These are sound, strategic reasons for our focus on rentals, specialty rentals. First, theyre an attractive high margin business that serves a range of growth markets. Second, we expect that a greater diversification of revenue streams in end markets will help us achieve our goal for return on invested capital and lessen the impact of cycles. And third, we can cross-sell these services to our General Rental customers using our existing sales structure. Cross selling for us is not just about incremental revenue. Its a big part of our positioning as a provider of total jobsite solutions. By cross selling specialty, we deliver more value to our key accounts. Large customers want and need these services and theyre embracing the chance to access them through the one source, along with more traditional categories.  We also have good news report on safety. We ended the year with approximately 10% fewer reportables than the prior year. Our reportable rate for 2013 was 1.3, which is our best performance yet. Safety, like rental rate and cost discipline is an area where youll never see us become complacent and theres always more work to be done. This mindset of continuous improvement has become embedded in our culture. We started with Operation United in 2009 for our call to the customer service excellence. It was extended to operations with our rollout of the 5S process in 2012.  And now were embarking on Operation United 2 which is based on a lean philosophy pioneered by Toyota and this is tremendously exciting for the company. Weve completed 8 branch pilots using kaizen process and were soon beginning a companywide rollout to target nearly 200 branches this year. Our vision for lean will require financial investment and a major operational commitment, but based on the results we saw from these pilots, we believe that we can realize significant improvements in our operations over time. Were targeting a run rate of at least $100 million in efficiencies within three years. So in conclusion, we had a record year in 2013, but were still hungry. Were still thinking about new ways and were also looking at our business from every angle, exploring every possibility for profitable growth. Most importantly, were moving forward from an unparalleled position of strength.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Bill for the financial results and then well take your questions. So, over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As is usual Ill spend some time going in a little bit more detail on the quarter before I move on to our outlook for 2014. Ill start with just an update on rental revenue for the quarter. You heard Mike say that Rental Revenue was up 9.4% in the quarter. That was very robustly driven by the increase in our owned equipment rental revenue. OER was up 9.6% in the quarter. You heard about the 4% year-over-year rate improvement. That was a very significant driver, but we also had very robust volume growth in that OER number, up 8.2% in fleet on rent in OER for the quarter. Mix and other was a drag of about 2.6% and as weve talked in the past, about 2% of that drag was from the effect of inflation on our original equipment as we sold used equipment. So the remaining negative 0.6% or so was owed to mix in our period mix and other mix effects in the revenue. So, OER up 9.6% or about $86 million out of the $97 million or so year-over-year growth in rental revenue. We also had another very strong quarter in ancillary revenue, up $15 million or so over the prior year. Thats a 15% growth rate for ancillary, really driven by better sales of our rental protection program and higher collections on delivery revenue in the quarter. So a very robust quarter in ancillary and others. Re-rent was down in the quarter. That was the main difference between the two strong growth items in OER and ancillary. But put it all together, rent revenue was up to $97 million or so year-over-year and again thats a 9.4% rental revenue improvement. If you move on to used equipment just real quickly, another good quarter there for us, $134 million of proceeds of used at the 46.6% adjusted gross margin that Mike mentioned. So another very strong used result. The margin mainly reflects what was a very strong retail mix in our channels yet again. We were over 60%, actually about 51% through our retail channel in used sales in the quarter. Thats up 1.8 percentage points versus the prior year and it reflects the continued emphasis that the field is putting on making sure that our used sales are really landing in the hands of the highest valued buyers for both us and for the buyer. So good used equipment sales quarter for us there again. Real briefly, touch on profitability. Maybe Ill do it as weve come to do it recently by walking through a bridge of our adjusted EBITDA performance. So we were up $98 million in adjusted EBITDA, up to that $651 million number for Q4. Of that $98 million, we were helped by rental rate increases by about $35 million EBITDA impact. So thats the 4% year-over-year rate. Flow through is something like 95%. Volume was also strong, up $49 million over the prior year and again that reflects the 8.2% OEC-on-Rent growth that I talked about other flow through lets call it 65%. The fleet inflation and mix impact was a negative $16 million, again reflecting the fleet inflation from used sales, along with the mix impact as we talk about. Our used sales we sold $263 million of original cost fleet at an average age of 88 months. So if you hit that with the 2% inflation factor for each year in that 88 month period, that gets you to the fleet inflation dollars within that $16 million headwind. Synergies, had another good synergy quarter this year. $59 million of synergies realized in the quarter for Q4 and thats $17 million more in synergies than we realized in Q4 of 2012. So the year-over-year synergy impact on EBITDA was that $17 million difference. I talked about ancillary revenues being strong. So that contributed about $8 million in the quarter at EBITDA and our used sales contribution year-over-year was about positive $8 million as well.  SG&A. we had a good SG&A quarter. The impact in SG&A year-over-year was about $13 million positive, with a heavy contribution from a strong bad debt expense performance in the quarter. About $9 million of that $13 million was from bad debt expense reductions as we saw the benefit of all the good work weve been doing to address the longer dated accounts receivable in our overall AR balance. The remainder are headwinds. We talked in the past about our merit increases on a year-over-year basis being about $5 million a quarter. So theres a $5 million headwind for merit. The other lines of business, new equipment, service and other and supplies accounted for about a $3 million drag year-over-year and a host of other things we lump into all other would be about an $8 million headwind. So those are the key components that add up to the $98 million of year-over-year improvement in adjusted EBITDA. $651 million is a very nice 48.7% margin in the quarter and thats about 440 basis points better than the prior year. I think Mike said that as well. Flow through for the quarter in total was 110.1% and that was a very nice result, obviously helped along by the improvement in the synergies realized in the quarter over the prior year. If you exclude the synergies, still a very robust 91% in the quarter and that brought the full year for flow through excluding synergies to 59.4%. Again thats the full year. Just an aside on the synergies, we realized $236 million of synergies for the full year and we ended the year with an annualized run rate for cost synergies, these are cost synergies only, an annualized run rate of right at about that same number, right at about 238, 240. So we are very pleased with the synergy result that weve realized and we feel that we have now completely delivered on the synergies, the cost synergies that weve talked about since the RSC acquisition. So this will be the last quarter that youll hear us talk about cost synergies as a separate standalone item. Those saves are now baked into our business and our objective is to drive them as we go forward. So a nice synergy result and a nice flow through result in the quarter overall as well.  Just touching briefly on EPS. EPS was $1.59 in the quarter and that totaled $4.91 for the full year at adjusted EPS. So a very strong year for us in earnings per share as well. Before I move on to the outlook, Ill just touch on free cash flow briefly. We ended the year, the full year with free cash flow of $421 million and that includes the add-back of about $38 million of merger and restructuring related payments. You all know that weve been carving that out of the cash flow for the entire year, in fact since the RSC transaction. That free cash flow obviously is after the investment we made in our fleet. We spent $1.580 billion on new capital this year and obviously it nets out against the overall free cash flow that we delivered. So a very robust result in free cash flow from our perspective and well within the range that we had been guiding to afford the $500 million.  On cash structure and liquidity, just real briefly, we finished the year with total liquidity of about $1.370 billion. Within that was $1.1 billion of available capacity on our ABL and about $175 million of cash on hand. And Ill remind everyone that a couple of days ago we did redeem $200 million of 10.25% notes that we had assumed in the RSC transaction. So continuing to focus on really optimizing our capital structure. We used our ABL to redeem those notes and we were able to do that because we upsized the ABL during the month of December. But again even after using the ABL to redeem the notes, we still had that $1.1 billion I mentioned of available liquidity on the ABL by itself. So pretty good liquidity position for the company overall. So before we move on to Q&A, one last item to address which is the outlook for 2014. You saw it in the press release last night, but just to recap. We think our total revenue will come in the range of $5.25 billion to $5.45 billion in 2014. And within that, rental revenue will be driven by the key measures that weve talked about. So we expect rental rates to be up about 4% for the full year and that will be after the impact of carryover. Caveat carryover this year will be something between 2% and 2.5%. So call it 2.25% just for discussions sake. We do expect to improve time utilization this year. 68.5% is where we think well be. Thats up 30 basis points over what was a very strong year last year and would be another record for us. So expect good operating performance to drive robust rental revenue growth.  And adjusted EBITDA, were calling that between $2.45 billion and $2.55 billion and we will achieve that at a flow through of about 60% for the full year. So again another year of about 60% in 2014. Net rental CapEx, were going to spend $1.650 billion on gross rental CapEx in the year and that will net down to about $1.150 billion in the year. Our free cash flow for the year we expect to come in between $400 million and $450 million over the course of the year and along with that, we think that well end the year with leverage as measured by net debt to EBIDTA somewhere in the 2.7 to 2.8 times area. That net debt will be after weve executed a pretty robust share repurchase program this year. We expect to spend about $450 million on share repurchases during the course of 2014 and even with that, we expect our net debt to EBIDTA to come down to that 2.7 to 2.7 range from the 3.0 that we finished 2013 with. Let me address just one point that came up in some questions since the press release last night around free cash flow, the guidance of $400 million to $450 million. The questions or comments that weve gotten suggest that hey, your EBITDA is going up. If you use the midpoint, your EBITDA is going up year-over-year something like $200 million, but your cash flow is basically flat. Why the disconnect? I assure you there is not disconnect. We think about these things very carefully as we put the guidance out. That increase of EBITDA of roughly $200 million in the year -- assuming it all came in cash would naturally argue for $200 million higher on free cash flow. The headwinds that we have working against that in 2014 now are an increase in our CapEx. Were $1.580 billion this year, going up to $1.650 billion. So thats an extra $70 million of capital spending. The $200 million is now down to $130 million.  We also are going to spend a little bit more on non-rental CapEx in the year as we roll out some of the cold starts and invest in the facilities to do that. We invest in pickup and delivery fleet those new cold starts as well as to improve the [P&D] fleet around the rest of the company. So another -- call it another 10 or so of incremental non-rental CapEx eats up part of that increased EBITDA. Weve got higher taxes coming in 2014 to the tune of about $30 million. No, were not done with the NOLs in 2014. That increase is really reflecting some alternative minimum tax increases that we experienced, along with greater profitability in 2014 raising Canadian and state local taxes somewhat. So that $30 million gets eaten up in higher taxes. We get a little bit of a benefit in cash interest from having redeemed the high coupon issue, call that $10 million or so of benefit, but working against that is an increase in working capital as we grow our business.  Lets say we grow revenue roughly 8% and if we assume the same level of DSO performance, our accounts receivable will grow in that same area. We finished the year with roughly $800 million of AR. So you put 8% on AR, thats a $50 million headwind to working capital right off the bat. Working against -- offsetting that we are looking at some benefits with larger payables in the year. So you net all that together, working capital should be a headwind of something like $60 million. And then the rest is just puts and takes in a whole bunch of areas, including perhaps a little bit of conservatism on our part. So hopefully that addresses the free cash flow outlook that we gave and hopefully that gives folks confidence that its fully in line with the other elements of guidance that weve given for the full year.  A couple of real minor points just to finish up to help you with thinking about cash flow and some of the other items next year. Our book interest expense for the year we think will be in the $450 million to $500 million area. And cash interest for the year should be in the bottom part of that range. Our tax rate, we finished the year this year with an effective tax rate thats a little north of 36%. If you use 37% or so I think that would be a good starting point for our ETF in 2014. A little bit of pressure there from the mix of earnings between the U.S and Canada. Federal cash taxes, I mentioned that theyll be up roughly $30 million or so over where they were this year. We spent $48 million this year on cash taxes overall. So the increase is mainly federal for 2014.  So those are some key points on the outlook. Hopefully that helps you with your thinking about the year and certainly well be glad to address them in Q&A. but let me finish my comments by just reiterating what some of the comments that Mike made. We had a great year in 2013. It finished off strong and we have great momentum going into 2014. As we start the year this year, weve got a lot of initiatives that we think can really help contribute to a robust improvement in profitability this year as well as the years subsequent. So were excited about the year and we look forward to talking to all of you about the results as we go through the year. So with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). It looks like our first question in queue will come from the line of Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: With the free cash guidance that you just underlined, Bill, the $400 million to $450 million for 14 on top of the $4.25 million for 13, can you talk about your relative comfort to reaching the $1.5 billon that you talked about collectively for 2013 to 2015 and what would be the source of that large uptick -- the implied uptick in 2015 which would have to be $600 million to $650 million?
William Plummer: Sure, Seth. Thanks for pointing that out. I probably should have said it in my prepared comments, but were very comfortable with the $1.5 billion number that we talked about covering the 13 to 15 time period. Yes. It does imply a significant uptick in free cash flow for 2015, but again we feel good about being able to deliver that. Where is it going to come from? We think robust improvement in our operating cash flow from profitability. As we continue to grow the fleet and as we see the impacts of some of the investments that weve made in prior years, we fully expect that well have a nice improvement in profitability that will contribute to significant improvement in free cash flow overall. So thats the biggest driver to get to that roughly $650 million number. Theres a little bit of a headwind against that as we talk about NOLs run out in 2015. And so our cash tax bill will go higher. It will be a drag of something north of $100 million, $120 million thereabouts.  But we feel like with the improved profitability and some of the other items that Ill touch on in a second, we can overcome that. One of the other important drivers is that we dont anticipate to continue to grow our capital spend as we go forward dramatically. In fact as we sit here and think about 2015, we think broadly speaking we think about 2015 CapEx as being comfortable with the 2014 number that weve seen. So we dont expect to see a significant drag from increased CapEx in the year 2015 as well. So that helps. And then weve got some things focused that in the areas that Ill broadly call working capital that we think can really help improve our working capital position in 15 and contribute to lessen the working capital use in that year than what you might normally expect.  So those will detail more as we go forward. But if you broadly say working capital improvements, that will be a nice slug of the incremental cash flow in 2015 and then well get a little bit of benefit as well from the non-rental CapEx. I mentioned that were investing a little bit more in non-rental CapEx this year. We should be able to dial that back in 15 as well. So those are the big things Id point to. There are a tonne of moving parts in that outlook, but we feel like weve been pretty good in delivering what weve said over the long haul and the short haul and weve got a lot of confidence that we can hit that roughly $1.5 billion number that weve talked about. That help?
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, thats helpful. Thanks. If I could ask a follow up on the CapEx discussion, did I hear correctly that specialty CapEx is up 40 something percent in2014? Multi core question, how should we think about CapEx cadence through the year? Should it be normal? And if specialty CapEx is up that much, where are you deemphasizing CapEx I guess?
Matthew Flannery: Seth, this is Matt. Good question. As far as the specialty CapEx, think of our CapEx as two thirds replacement and one third growth within that 50 number roughly. And if you think about the growth capital, the number that youre referring to, were going to spend about 45% of that growth capital on specialty. Its a major strategic advantage for us with our key customers and as well as to fund all cold starts that Bill and Mike had referenced. Within the other two thirds of the capital, we will continue to mix even with major cap classes. So we have a focus on making sure theres three levers that we focus on, customer demand, first and foremost we have to meet their demand. But within those major cap classes of aerial, reach forks, and earthmoving, theres different mix we can get to meet the demand and at the same time improve our returns and thats what our team is focused on as far as CapEx spend for 14 and beyond.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Should the cadence through the year be pretty traditional or do you think it will be more front end loaded or back end loaded this year relative to historical?
Matthew Flannery: We expect it to be similar to what we did in 13.
Operator: It looks like our next question in the phone queue will come from David Raso with ISI Group. Please go ahead, your line is open.
David Raso  ISI Group Inc.: I know its a little bit of you cant please everybody, but trying to balance growth and hitting the cash flow and return on capital targets, when you speak to CapEx, best case flattish in 15, utilization this year youre looking at 68.5. How are we thinking about growth though in 15 with a flat CapEx? Im just trying to make sure yes clearly the re-rating stock giving away a little bit of growth is worthwhile for an improving return on capital and cash flow, but at the same time if I dont have CapEx growth in 15, structurally how are we thinking about where rates can go in that somewhat restrained CapEx environment. Where can utilization go? Im just trying to make sure we dont lean too far to the cash flow return on capital story and forget about leveraging the cycle bit.
William Plummer: Thanks, David. I guess Id point out that if we spend lets say $1.650 billion again in 15, were still growing the fleet, right? Thats still mid to upper single digits growth on the fleet overall and if you layer on top of that a little bit of improvement in utilization, thats a nice level of growth -- basis for growth even before you get any rental rate increases on top of it. So I guess I wouldnt despair of growth in 2015 with that level of capital spend and what we want to do is to make sure that were leveraging the capital we already have plus any new capital that we spend as much as we can. And so we balanced it maybe a little more toward profitability improvement and return improvement than some would like, but I think its going to really bear fruit as we go down the road in improving the returns and profitability of our business.
Michael Kneeland: David, I just want to add two other things to that that Bill highlighted on and I agree with what Bill said. These other avenues that -- were taking off a lean process. We changed our processes to figure out how we can make sure that we can grow our revenues by expanding our time utilization and also getting our OEC not available down. So that to us is also another way in which we can get that trap cash and have it start working for us.
David Raso  ISI Group Inc.: And related to this, on page 52 the bridge to the higher returns speak to 6% growth in rental CapEx per year. So it is safe to assume trying to model out a few years theres going to be some growth in CapEx even if you flatten out in 15 to hit this 10.8% hurdle for return assume theres some pickup in CapEx if you look further out. And what are the EBIDTDA margins that are baked into this return analysis on page 52? Just so I can get a feel structurally where you think the incremental margins are from here to there, call it 2017. 
William Plummer: So Ill leave the exact margin numbers to your imagination, but I think its fair to say that they continue to improve throughout the timeframe that were talking about here. Yes, as you look further out we probably would add a little bit more growth CapEx beyond 15. Im talking a little bit more in CapEx assuming the market continues to move positively just to sustain a decent level of growth for the business overall. Incremental margins as we go forward, again as the modeling exercise right now Id say just keep using 60%, the number right around 60%. Thats probably a fair way to think about incremental margins going out.
Operator: It looks like our next question in the phone queue will come from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ross Gilardi  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just I wanted to if you could elaborate, given your focus on returns in your comments on continued deleveraging and returning cash, should we assume that large acquisitions have moved lower on the priority list?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. Ive always said this, that theres a lot of opportunities and growth opportunities out there. Were in a position where we dont have to do anything to execute our strategy of going profitable. We always have a hurdle; Ill just say simple hurdles. We call it the three legged stool around here, the strategic fit. Financially does it make sense from the benefits we yield and a cultural fit. I would say that the bar has been raised and will remain high on those three hurdles and well have a very disciplined approach. Weve had opportunities and we passed on. So could it be something in the strategic or in the specialty side? I mentioned that were looking at both organic and inorganic ways of growing that business. Could it? I dont know, but rest assured the bar is high and it has to hit those three hurdles.
Ross Gilardi  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just wondering if you could comment what youre seeing out of the major OEM dealerships with respect to rental. Clearly the rental channel is growing very fast. Your average OEM dealership amongst the majors is not seeing that level of growth right now. So are you seeing the OEMs respond aggressively by adding more to the rental fleet? Any color there would be helpful.
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Ross. This is Matt. We havent seen a major expansion there maybe. Any growth at all would be significant because most of the OEMs dont have large rental fleets. I think their participation selling into the rental channel will continue and I think -- as I think about our top vendors, its already a large part of their business and maybe some of the next tier vendors for us might get more into the rental channel. I dont anticipate dramatic changes in any of those results.
Michael Kneeland: I would also add that most of the OEMs hes talking about from a dealership standpoint would be earth moving and that is an area of our sector that we have grown. Well continue to invest in, but the heavy side of it is something that were not --- we have a big footprint on. So they may expand their rental portfolio, but its probably going to be within their core competency. 
Operator: It looks like our next question in queue will come from the line of Ted Grace with Susquehanna. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna Financial Group: Congrats on a great quarter. Mike, could you just talk about your views on macro? I know you touched on it initially, but what is the most important metrics you guys are looking at internally, whether its rate or time utilization to feel as good as you do? The customer survey is in the flavor they might provide on either growth by vertical so retail, lodging, office. Where do you see the best opportunity for you from an end market perspective and then regionally how are you feeling about it?
Michael Kneeland: Ill take the high level and the detail on retail Ill give over to Matt. So let me just say that within our investor presentation, I think its page 12 we have our customer survey. This survey that we just performed in December comes at the strongest results that weve ever seen. We only have 2% of the more than 228 customers we surveyed. Lets see, 2014 going down. 98% see 2014 going up or equal to 2013. So thats probably one of the strongest results that weve seen since we started this survey process. From an external data, we do listen and we talk to and follow the global insight. We follow obviously the GDP. The ABI index I know theres some -- I guess some questions about the ABI.  The one thing I would just ask anyone to take a look at, if you go back to 2010, we had nine months that were negative and 2011 we had five months that were negative. In 2012 we had four months and then last year 2013 we only had three months. So you can see that trend continues to improve which goes back to our comments, you dont see this as being a hockey stick, but a gradual improvement and I think thats playing out. All indications are for all external resources that private non-res is starting to come back. Again we dont see it being a very -- a big uptick or a hockey stick, very gradual. So Ill shift over to Matt and let him talk from a regional perspective.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks Mike. Yes, Ted. So when you look at it from a region perspective, we had very broad based growth. 13 of our 14 geographic regions had year-over-year growth and half of those had double digit growth. If we wanted to round up a couple of cents of a point, wed actually add a couple of more regions into the double digit category. Eastern Canada remains -- we talked about it a little bit and the team up here is working hard, but theyre not getting any macro tailwinds up there. So theyre not in a growth mode, although their real results, their actual results are still very good results for the organization. Were seeing the hot spots where you would imagine. Oil and gas is a hot sector. Anywhere where theres power is hot and were seeing our double digit growth in those segments. But when you look broadly overall and you look at the way we closed the fourth quarter on our key metrics of time utilization, rate improvement and used sales improvement in both margin and volume, specifically the retail portion of our volume which we really put an emphasis on and the demand is there. It really has us feeling very bullish on 2014 demand.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna Financial Group: Thats great. And then the follow up if I may to tag along on Davids question, if the market were to be up 8% hypothetically and URI outgrows it and that CapEx is up lets say 5.5% just looking at the simple numbers, would it be fair to infer that the time utilization improving 30 basis points may be conservative or is there something Im missing just in the high level math?
William Plummer: Ted, I always hesitate to say things are conservative, but that improvement that weve talked about is not huge and particularly should be gauged on what the market is doing, but also on what were doing inside the company. Lean initiatives that were implementing could give us the opportunity to do better than that. I certainly wouldnt go lower than $0.03 improvement in 2014. If youre having a problem reconciling something, then -- and if increasing the year-over-year improvement in utilization helps you reconcile, then if I were in your shoes Id probably advice to bump it up.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna Financial Group: And so if you roll that forward to Davids question and youre in a flat CapEx environment in 15, can you talk about where you think you ultimately can get some utilization too over the next -- I guess whatever is embedded in page 52 in the return profile.
William Plummer: Sure. We can --
Ted Grace  Susquehanna Financial Group: Can we get to the low 70s? Is that -- could we be calibrated there or --?
Michael Kneeland: Ted, this is Mike. And Ive said this before both on the road and what not. In my 35, 36 years in the industry I would have told you that where we stood being around 70 would be probably a threshold. Having said that and gone through the kaizen event which I actually spent a week out on the road in Atlanta, it opened my eyes as it did the management that there is opportunities to exceed that. We are putting in investment to roll out 200 branches this year in our largest key areas to touch them to roll out our lean process. Its hard to quantify right here and now. Well update as we go forward, but I would tell you that I can see areas where we can do over 70%. How far up between 70? I dont know right here and now, but I can tell you that it can go up. The headwind we would only have, as we grow the specialty side of the business, thats a business that time utilization is not really a big component to get those returns. But I can tell you that intentionally weve got it baked in theres going to be higher time utilization opportunities. 
Matthew Flannery: Ted, just to add a little bit more; the improvement in utilization that we assume on the RIC Bridge Slide 52 obviously doesnt get you there. It doesnt get you to 70% if you just had 20 basis points a year over even five years. So we are putting in a number there for discussion purposes. To Mikes point, the opportunities will play out as they play out. Were optimistic on our ability to drive utilization. And so we certainly feel like theres an opportunity -- relative to Slide 52 theres an opportunity for us there.
Operator: Next question in queue comes from the line of Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Steven Fisher  UBS Investment Bank: Just on the rental rate growth going forward, how much do you think is tied to the extent of underlying non-residential construction market growth? Obliviously you grew just over 4% on flattish markets in 2013. Im curious how much is company specific rate initiatives versus underlying market growth. 
William Plummer: I would broadly characterize it as a mixture of both. We had carryover that was somewhere between 2% and 2.5% just coming in and certainly the market helped carry us up to the 4.2% that we realized for the full year. But were very focused on making sure that we manage rental rate actively. So its hard to separate it out and say half of it is from this and half of it is from that or 30%, 70%. Thats a very difficult split to make, but I do think that both are contributing and both will continue to contribute as we go forward. And in fact if the market accelerates as many forecasts has it doing in 14 and 15, then you would think the share from market dynamics gets greater and we can continue to drive the specific rate management initiatives that we have and we hopefully can realize even better than the 4.2% that we got in 13.
Steven Fisher  UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thats helpful. And then on sales of used equipment, is that more a pool where clients are coming in specifically looking to buy used equipment or a push where youre diverting people to used equipment? Im just curious wondering what your interpretation of increasing used equipment sales does to that market conditions.
Matthew Flannery: Sure Steven. This is Matt. Its definitely a focus for us pushing our reps to participate more in retail sales. But I dont think thats converting people from rental to own. As a matter of fact every other metric that we measure in our business and with our existing customers tells you otherwise. I think folks were buying through other channels and we just needed to brand ourselves and position our self as a leader in used equipment opportunities for our customer base. So its really just selling into our existing customer base who are also growing their rentals at the same time. As their demand picks up, it will continue to grow both the rental and the used equipment side.
Steven Fisher  UBS Investment Bank: Okay. It can coexist. That's great.
Matthew Flannery: Yes.
Operator: Next question in queue will come from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase  Morgan Stanley: Just another question on rate, how should we think about 1Q rates given that I think youre facing a little bit of tougher comps. So should we expect lower rates in the first half of the year and acceleration into the back half of the year?
Matthew Flannery: Sure Nicole. Its Matt. Actually when you look from a year-over-year perspective, youre not going to get -- we dont anticipate getting major swings within that 4% guidance. If weve got upside then youll see more swings in Qs 2 and 3 as our peak demand period lets say May through October is where our opportunity to get sequential improvement always lie. But from a year-over-year perspective, although theres a choppiness in comps, were not forecasting or planning for anything more than 10 or 20 bps of variance quarter-to-quarter.
Nicole DeBlase  Morgan Stanley: And then now that youve moved past the period of negotiation on price with various suppliers, what are your expectations for fleet inflation next year, this year I guess?
Michael Kneeland: This year? Its somewhere between 1% and 2%. Call it 1.5% just for discussions sake.
Operator: It looks like the next question in queue will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Congratulations guys on your year. Bill, you mentioned no longer discussing cost synergies from RSC. Could you address revenue synergies? That is something we haven't touched base on in a while.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Actually, Matt you want to try that?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. We have -- once weve got to our fourth quarter run rate, we feel very comfortable that weve achieved our $50 million EBITDA goal. Remember that thats an EBITDA goal, not a rent revenue goal of our revenue synergies and that is net. The (inaudible) synergy that we had of almost $40 million early on during the integration from the store closures, its mostly been driven by cross selling of our specialty products, in Trench, Power/HVAC as well as cross selling the total control solution service that we got with the RSC acquisition. So we feel comfortable that weve achieved our revenue synergy. Well build it into our plans. As a matter of fact its built into our guidance going forward and were excited that we reconnected with the local customer base. When you look inside, just to give a little color, when you look inside the customer base numbers, our unassigned accounts which was the area that we lost the local customers when we closed those stores, we put over 100 more sales reps on the streets to reconnect with those customers and when you look at our fourth quarter results, those customers grew at 12.6%. So were encouraged that we recaptured those lost synergies. That was -- the leak in the bucket was really our largest concern and were feeling good with that.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then following up on the prior question with regard to used sales, Bill or Mike, I think you mentioned expanding international distribution for used sales. Could you please elaborate on that? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Right now that whole channel market is really a collection of various brokers and then it goes through the auction channel. Were establishing specific areas where we think that theres growth opportunity in foreign environments that would benefit. Weve made sales. We continue to make sales. Weve had used sales that go overseas and were expanding on that by building new relationships in a much broader base. We want to make sure that its an avenue or a channel. As we grow, were going to be -- we are the largest producers of used equipment, quality used equipment and we think its prudent for us to think through that growth down the pike and we are putting a capital investment and theyre yielding benefits from the records already.
William Plummer: Just to add to that, were hiring dedicated sales reps and focusing them on different regions around the globe. We know that there has been the demand for our equipment offshore. Weve just been reaching it through brokers and we think theres an opportunity for us to do a direct sale. Weve got a focused effort as Mike said and we expect that to continue to support our focus on driving used sales through our direct channels and realizing the benefit thereof.
Operator: Our next phone question will come from the line of Neil Frohnapplen with Longbow Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Neil Frohnapplen  Longbow Research: Thanks. Congratulations on a great quarter. Did you guys re-price a lot of your national accounts that you only negotiate annually during the fourth quarter? And if so, were you able to increase rate more than in recent years that gives you guys confidence in the 4% price realization for the full-year?
Matthew Flannery: Neil, this is Matt. We dont want to speak specifically about any customer segment. I would say that broadly all of our customer sets are routinely under review. We did go through a major contract harmonization as you all know during the integration. Thats 100% complete and now will just be part of our regular negotiation cycle with our contractual accounts specifically and theyll mostly be in the first quarter. It varies by customer and some of them are actually quite rigorous and long negotiations and contractually obligated or done through an RFQ system. but overall we dont see a lot of variability within customer sets and I think youll see a similar result within all our customer sets that we had guided to that I answered when Nicole asked the question about seasonality. 
Neil Frohnapplen  Longbow Research: And then, Mike, just going back to your commentary on the ABI, it's declined the last two months and just wondering if you're seeing any slowdown in quoting or anything that gives you concern that the non-res recovery will be slower than expected this year?
Michael Kneeland: No. again as I outlined, the pattern from 2010 to 2013, weve had less and less negativity. It goes back to I dont see this being a hockey stick. I see this as a gradual improvement. I think that well have to see how 2014 plays out. My sense is that well still have a positive outcome. Nothings changed in my mind. I expect some volatility or some changes between month to month. If you go back, you had four months in 2012, consecutive months. But yet 2013 was a pretty good year for everybody. So again it continued to trend. Overall trend continues to improve and we had a diversified portfolio, about 50-50 industrial and then construction. So I think were well positioned.
Operator: That does appear to be our time for questions so this will conclude our time for questions. I'd like to turn the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for any additional comments.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, Operator. I just want to tell everybody that first and foremost, thank you for joining us today. I urge you to get the latest presentation on our investor website. Its been completely refreshed and a lot of new content. I think youll find it most intriguing and helpful. We also launched our first national advertising campaign this week and customers will see a powerful message about our commitment to their success and you can watch the commercials on our website as well. If you have any additional questions or have any opportunities to visit any of our branches, please reach out to Fred Bratman. And as always, we look forward to the next quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, presenters and thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Again, this does conclude todays call. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Third Quarter 2013 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded.
 Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release.
 For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com.
 Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term.
 Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin. 
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome today. With me today, as the operator stated, is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer; Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officers; and other members of our senior management team.
 Now you may have noticed that we reported our results yesterday prior to the market close. That's because our release was inadvertently made available to employees at that time. So we made the prudent decision to distribute our release publicly.
 Now as you saw, we turned in some strong results, particularly in terms of margin. Historically, the third quarter is our most robust period, and that was true in 2012 and it was true again this year when our rental revenues increased by more than 8%. But more importantly, our results as a whole reflect 2 dynamics that are essential to our strategy.
 First, our nonresidential construction spending is recovering, although the pace is still very modest. And the bulk of the upswing is expected to come in 2014 and 2015. But demand is definitely improving, and we're getting a benefit from that. And the second, the quarter reflects our ability to generate significant value even from a small improvement in our operating environment. Remember, it was only a few years ago that we had the goal of adjusted EBITDA at only 40% margin, and this is the sixth straight quarter that we've exceeded that percentage. Now, obviously, our sights are set higher, but our objective remains the same, and that is to create value by improving our margins and driving better returns.
 Now Bill will discuss our performance in more detail in a few minutes, and then after that, we can go to the Q&A. But before I move on, I want to mention the share repurchase program we announced last night. Our Board of Directors has authorized up to $500 million in share repurchases, which we expect to execute over the next 18 months. Now this was carefully considered use of cash, and it's consistent with our overall capital allocation strategy, which includes balancing organic growth while maintaining leverage within the target range of 2.5 to 3.5x over the cycle and returning cash to shareholders, while at the same time remaining our flexibility to do M&A. Now if you have any questions about that program, we'll address those as well during the Q&A. So let's move on to the quarter.
 As you saw last night, our adjusted EBITDA was $642 million, and our margin was a record 49%. Now that's $72 million increase compared to our third quarter last year, and that puts us just over $1.6 billion in adjusted EBITDA through September. We reaffirmed our outlook for adjusted EBITDA between $2.25 billion and $2.35 billion this year, and we have good reasons to be confident about that target.
 Now first, as I mentioned, there's no question that we're seeing more demand from our services. And while the upswing is modest compared to what we think we'll see next year, it has given us enough traction to grow the business. But there's more than just the construction recovery behind our revenue improvement, and we're executing our strategy extremely well in this environment. And you can see it in the components of our revenue increase year-over-year.
 For the third quarter, we drove an 8.2% increase in volume in our rent, a 3.2% increase in rental rates; and time utilization of 70.8%, and that's 100 basis points higher than last year. As I said many times, it's always a balancing act between rates and utilization. And you can see it in the third quarter that we had solid improvement in rates and an exceptional level of utilization, and still, our rates are on a good trajectory. In fact, rates were up overall in every major category in the quarter year-over-year. And on a sequential basis, rates trended up each month versus last year, and we're standing behind our outlook for full year rate increase of at least 4%. Now I want to emphasize that we're never complacent about rate improvements at any level. Our mindset is that we can always do better, and you'll see us continue to push for rate in 2014 and beyond.
 We're also maintaining a tight cost discipline and continuing to harvest synergies from the merger with RSC. We realized $64 million of synergies in the quarter, and we expect to meet our goal of $230 million to $250 million in annual synergies.
 Now turning to the marketplace. One of the hallmarks of a genuine recovery's nonresidential construction is in its footprint. And that's in between [ph] a regional fluctuation to a true turnaround. In the third quarter, all but one of our regions showed growth in rental revenues, with 8 regions showing double-digit improvement. It's also encouraging that growth comes from a mix of projects, not just 1 sector. In the Mountain West, for example, we have machines on-site at a football stadium, a university expansion, an airport expansion and a new health care facility under construction. And we're also servicing in oil, projects in oil, gas, mining, distribution and solar, and that's all within 1 region. So organic growth was a major factor in our quarter, but we also expanded our specialty network, with an eye towards driving returns in future periods.
 In August, we announced the opening of greenfield locations in San Diego, in Oklahoma City and in Fort McMurray, Alberta, and these were all Power HVAC branches. Our specialty operations reported an impressive year-over-year growth of nearly 25% for the quarter, and 19% of that was same-store growth. So we're doing a good job of cross-selling our services and building a reputation as a single-source provider.
 Now all of our growth initiatives are carefully calculated to give us near-term and long-term results. This applies to our M&A activity, like our acquisition of Rent World in August, as well as new branch openings, sales force expansion, investments in technology and a whole range of other options at our disposal. It also applies to our CapEx. We treat our CapEx like any other growth initiative, and we allocate our cash, what would drive results and attractive return. 
 Now through the first 9 months of this year, we spent just under $1.5 billion on new equipment rental. That puts us on a path to spend $1.6 billion in total. We're investing in equipment that we know that our customers need, and we're constantly always fine-tuning that mix.
 Our salespeople also do an excellent job of reading the local markets, and the money we spent on the fleet in April, May and June helped drive our numbers in the third quarter. We saw key account revenue increase by 7%, and unassigned accounts, which tend to be local customers, had revenue growth of 10.5% in the quarter. And that's good progress because as you know from our last call, these smaller accounts were the most challenging to retain during the integration.
 So our end markets are percolating, and we think they'll heat up significantly in 2014. That's also the view of many forecasters in our industry. And 2015 is expected to be even stronger, particularly for commercial construction.
 So in terms of the coming year, we'll talk more about that on the next call. But in the meantime, you'll see us continue to focus on controllable elements of our business and execute our strategy with diligence and discipline. We have a good visibility through December, and all indications are that we'll continue to show year-over-year improvement.
 Now before I close, I want to share a personal experience I had earlier this week. I had the honor of speaking at the International Rental Conference in Beijing, China, which is still very much an emerging market for rental. Their industry is facing the same challenges right now, but the energy at the rental conference was absolutely electric. Rental operators in China can see the future, and they can't wait to carve out a new industry, just as we did in North America in the '70s and '80s. While our focus remains on North America in the short term, we have the same passion for taking the business in new directions. We're the architects of our own success, and we've worked hard to bring the business to this point. And it's no accident that we find ourselves in a position to expand our fleet, delever our balance sheet and return cash to investors while pursuing numerous avenues for growth. In short, we're going to go into 2014 with every opportunity on the table. 
 So with that, I'll turn to Bill -- over to Bill for the financial results. So over to you, Bill. 
William Plummer: Well, thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Mike hit the highlights of the quarter, so I'll try to add a little bit of color as I go through the financial results and then touch briefly on the outlook for 2013 and the share repurchase programs.
 In terms of the financial results for the quarter, as Mike said, it was a strong one within rental -- within revenue. We had a very robust rental revenue growth, up 3.8% in the quarter. You all know that rental revenue is composed of our own equipment revenue, plus re-rent revenue, plus ancillary and other revenues. In this quarter, owned equipment revenue was about 87% of the total rental revenue. And OER was up 8%. Obviously, OER is driven by our rate performance. As Mike said, it was -- the rates were up 3.2%, also driven by our volume performance. Volume was up 8.2% in the quarter. The difference between those 2 added together and the 8% OER growth was mix and other factors. Within that, mix and other inflation made up a negative 2%, and the remainder was a negative 1.3% that we point to as mix. So those were the important drivers of rental revenue. We did have a good quarter in ancillary and -- that offset a little bit of headwind in re-rent. You all know that we've been displacing re-rents with owned equipment since the merger, so we expect to see a little bit of a headwind in re-rent. So put all that together, and that explains the 8.3% improvement in rental revenue for the quarter, overall. 
 I'll offer a little bit more on the volume performance in that quarter. Volume was very robust, up 8.2% in the quarter, as I said. We had OEC-on-Rent of $5.6 billion in the quarter. That's a record OEC-on-Rent quarter for us by quite a margin. To be able to have that size fleet out on rent, growing 8%-plus in the quarter on top of the increase and the size of our fleet overall, I think, makes a very strong statement about demand in the marketplace.
 Mike mentioned that the time utilization in our fleet was 70.8% in the quarter, up 100 basis points over last year. And again, that's a very robust level of time utilization for the size fleet that we have. So a really good quarter in terms of the level of demand and our ability to satisfy that demand, and we feel good about the momentum that we've carried into the fourth quarter in terms of our rental revenue.
 I'll touch briefly on used equipment sales, another good strong quarter for us in used. We had $102 million of used proceeds in the quarter, and those revenues came at a 48% adjusted gross margin, a very robust margin result for us as well. A big driver, which has been the case for the last several quarters, is the shift in the channel mix. Our retail channel just contributes more and more every quarter. Retail sales this quarter represented 62.6% of all of our used equipment sales, and that's 9 percentage points more through the retail channel than last year. So that strong retail channel mix, along with what is still a very robust pricing environment for used equipment, contributed to that 48% adjusted gross margin in the quarter on used. So used continues to contribute nicely to our results, and we look to continue that going forward as well.
 Let me turn to profitability at EBITDA. Mike mentioned $462 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter and the 49% EBITDA margin. I guess that's a little repetitive, but it's fun to say. So I'll say it again, 49% EBITDA margin. All right, thanks. That was for me. And that was an improvement, a nice improvement over the prior year, $72 million of improved EBITDA performance over the prior year or 220 basis points in margin improvement.
 To bridge that $72 million year-over-year EBITDA change, I would break it out as follows: the 3.2% rental rate increase flows through to an EBITDA impact of $27 million in the quarter. That increase in OEC-on-Rent, the 8.2% volume increase that I mentioned, flows through at $48 million of volume impact to EBITDA. We had a year-over-year improvement in our synergy results. We delivered $64 million of synergy in the quarter. That compares to $45 million last year, so $19 million of improved synergy results in the quarter. Used sales contributed $8 million more in gross profit for the quarter. We had a particularly nice bad debt expense result in the quarter of $5 million improvement compared to last year. And so those were all of the positives that we had in that $72 million year-over-year impact working against those fleet inflation. We started talking about that last quarter a little bit more explicitly. If you take the impact of the fleet that we sold as used through the quarter, we sold $189 million of OEC in the quarter. That fleet -- replacing that fleet at current prices had an impact at EBITDA of about $12 million unfavorable. 
 Along with that, we had an impact of a couple of other items. Delivery expense was a little higher in the quarter, unfavorable by $8 million. That's really driven partly by timing of expense invoices year-over-year but also most strongly by the fact that we've now improved the deliveries per driver within our system very effectively to the point where we have to use a little bit more outside hauling. And so that was the main contributor to that $8 million unfavorability in delivery expense.
 We talked previously about merit increases. They took effect early in the year. The impact in the quarter was an unfavorable $5 million in the quarter. And everything else lumped together, we'll call mix and others, was an unfavorable $10 million in the quarter. So those were the key pieces to the total $72 million year-over-year improvement that we had in EBITDA.
 If you take that $72 million against the total revenue changes that we had, the flow-through to adjusted EBITDA this quarter was 78.3% in total, and obviously, that includes the $19 million of year-over-year improvement in synergies. If you exclude the synergy impact, our flow-through was a little north of 58% in the quarter, excluding synergies. And that's putting us in line to deliver a flow-through, x synergy, for the full year that's going to be about 60%. 
 At EPS, you all saw the results there, adjusted EPS of $1.63 for the quarter, a very strong quarter for us and, obviously, a very nice improvement at EPS over last year.
 Moving on to free cash flow, just really briefly. Our year-to-date free cash flow usage is $84 million, and that includes the effect of our CapEx spend. As Mike said, we spent year-to-date just under $1.5 billion of gross CapEx. I'll remind you that when we talk about free cash flow, typically, we talk about it excluding the impact of merger-related expenses, just to get a clear view of how the underlying company is performing. We called it out in the press release of those expenses being $33 million in the quarter. And so I'd just remind everyone that you'd have to take that off the minus $84 million to think about the full year free cash flow the way that we think about it on a go-forward basis.
 I think that's all I'll say on the free cash flow. Real briefly on our outlook. Mike mentioned that we've reaffirmed our outlook, in particular, total revenue between $4.9 billion and $5.1 billion; adjusted EBITDA between $2.25 billion and $2.35 billion; free cash flow between $400 million and $500 million for the full year. We certainly feel that those ranges are appropriate. If you pressed a little harder, given the challenge that we've addressed with rental rate performance, it's more likely that will come in the lower half of those ranges, but the length -- the ranges are still effective at this point.
 In terms of the share repurchase program, again, Mike touched on that briefly, but the $500 million program, we think, is very consistent with our philosophy and approach around how we deploy the cash flow that we expect to generate over the next several years. In particular, it's fully consistent with what we've said about our desire to manage leverage to a lower level for our company. We still see leverage between 2.5x and 3.5x as being appropriate over the cycle, and we continue to expect to reduce our leverage as we go forward over the next several years, even as we execute the share repurchase program.
 That program, we expect to start executing against immediately, again, with the intent of getting it completed within 18 months. We expect to use open market purchases primarily to execute the repurchases, although we do preserve flexibility to do something in the way of an accelerated repurchase, if we think that's appropriate. But we like the flexibility that an open market program brings to us to manage all of the demands on our cash flow. The ABL will be the main source of financing for the repurchases, as we have done in our prior repurchase programs. And we feel that we're very well-positioned overall to execute this program and still be able to manage the business in the way that we think is appropriate.
 So those are the key comments that I'd offer. At this point, I'll turn it back to the operator and ask you to open up the phones for question and answers. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. 
Seth Weber: I guess on the reaffirmed rate guidance, 4%-plus for the year, to me, it seems like that implies some improvement in the fourth quarter, north of what the 3.2% that you did here in the third quarter, maybe something in the mid to upper 3% range year-over-year. Can you give us your confidence -- what gives you confidence in hitting that kind of number? Any color on what trends you're seeing in October and maybe what that implies for a rollover into -- to start 2014? 
William Plummer: Hey, Seth, it's Bill. I'll start. And, Matt, feel free to chime in as well. I think you're right. The implication mathematically is that we'll do better than the 3.2% year-over-year in fourth quarter. While we haven't given any more specific guidance than that, I think what we would say is that you -- if you look at the sequentials that we need in order to deliver at least 4% for the full year, the sequentials in the last 3 months of the year, they average out something maybe just a little shy of 0.5%. And we think that's very reasonable. And in fact, if you look at what we've experienced so far in October, it sets us up very nicely to deliver the month of October, and we feel very good about November and December on a sequential basis. So if we do what we think we can do and what we've done historically in the fourth quarter, we should be pretty good at hitting that at least 4% rate guidance. Matt, anything you want to add to it? 
Matthew Flannery: No, I think Bill's touched on it. And we'll continue to see October and November sequentially improve, as we historically do. 
Seth Weber: Okay. And what would that translate to, to start the year, do you think? Is that like a 2% or low 2% range to start next year? 
William Plummer: Yes. It'd be about 2% carryover, Seth. 
Seth Weber: Right. Okay. And if you're doing that kind of rate, mid- to high-3s in the fourth quarter and something like that maybe next year, can you still do a 60% or 70% pull-through margin on that kind of rate gain? 
William Plummer: Yes, we can -- what we'd say is we'll be about 60% for the full year based on our forecast for the fourth quarter. So all of that's consistent with the flow-through about 60% in Q4. And as you look to next year, we view our base business as being a flow-through normally in that 60% to 70% range. So I'd probably say about 60% for next year as well. Obviously, we have to refine and finalize our planning process for next year, but that's the neighborhood that I think we'd be comfortable with. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Michael and Matt, I'm wondering if you can talk about, from the Total Control penetration that you've been able to achieve so far, what's the dollar impact you're seeing on your business, whether it's customer retention or lower cost of service to customer, and just frame for us where do you think Total Control can ultimately go as a proportion of your business? And then, obviously, nice progress on RSC synergies. Can you just talk about what are the next levers you're pulling to get to the multi-year synergy targets, since you've already hit your 2014 targets effectively this quarter? 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Jerry. As far as your first point on Total Control, as you could see on Slide 17 of the investor deck, we've had a $28 million improvement, a 27% improvement over this time -- over Q3 last year. And we're going to continue cross-selling to new customers within the portfolio. We had over 200 prospective Total Control members at our conference that we had in Orlando last month. This is an annual conference we get to introduce the Total Control offering to existing customers, to help us enhance it, as well as bring in new opportunities. So we feel very comfortable that we'll continue to penetrate more customers with this value-added tool. As far as the synergies, as you recognize, we'll reach our $230 million to $250 million range by year-end as opposed to having to wait until 2015. And we'll continue to look for more opportunities in productivity basically in shop and driver turnarounds. And we have an ongoing lean process that we're going through to help capture some of those opportunities. So we feel very good about that and even better that we're a year ahead of schedule on achieving that $230 million to $250 million range. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Jerry, I would only go back to the 1 comment on Total Control that Matt talked about in Orlando. We announced that we've got a whole new mobile app that we are rolling out to our current members who are signed up with it, and it has a very robust capability, as well as some GPS additions. So that gives them, really, more opportunity to manage their consumption. And so it was very well-received amongst the audience, not only current customers but, more importantly, potential customers who are looking at the valued proposition around Total Control. 
Jerry Revich: And in terms of the rate that you're seeing the marketplace, can you just give us a sense what's the difference in rate increase you're seeing on the spot market basis versus your monthly business? Is there a difference in what's being put through currently? 
Matthew Flannery: There's not a significant difference in the period mix, the day, week and month rate improvement. It's consistent with what we've been achieving over the last couple of years, and we don't really expect to see much variation in that either. 
Jerry Revich: Sorry, Matt. Just to clarify, you're seeing the same rate increases on a spot basis that you're seeing on your longer-term business? 
Matthew Flannery: Obviously, the contractual, if you look at a month by month by month, is a little more stable. But as far as against our goals and against our previous achievement, we're not seeing fluctuation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna. 
Ted Grace: I'm just wondering if we could talk about the macro. I mean, if you look at nonres this year, at least on government data, it's been a little slower than expected. You guys have put up some nice volume growth. You've grown the fleet. Time utilization has been strong. Can you just talk about kind of like how you think the markets evolve year-to-date? What's your outlook in kind of the customer surveys and kind of how you think you're setting up for '14 and '15? Maybe some specificity about where you think things will accelerate or where you're most optimistic. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes. This is Mike. Let me just kind of walk you through the progression analysis that sets up where -- how you can take a look at the improvement in what we're seeing, what gives us confidence. Everyone on the call realizes that one of the leading indicators is the ABI index, and we've all been watching that every month as it comes forward. Year-to-date, there's only been 1 month that was negative in our space. When you go back to 2012, we had 3 negative months in that same period. '11, we had 4, and '10, we had 8. So you can see the reduction that you're seeing a negative in most of them, all with the exception of 1 month this year, we saw a positive growth component in that arena. Step back and take a look at residential construction. Residential construction continues to improve, and that's usually another leading indicator. Roughly, around 18 months after residential starts to improve, you'll start to see nonres improvement. Those correlations have been very well-documented in historical recessions. Our customers continue to be very optimistic. 63 of our respondents in Q3 expect growth in the next 12 months. So it continues to improve. And when you take a look and step away and look at the whole macro from the ARA metric, according to Global Insight, they're expecting an 8% growth in 2014 for our industry and a 10% growth in our -- in the rental industry in 2015. So you take that all together, coupled with the fact that Bill, myself and Matt, particularly, Matt spends a lot of time in the field, we were at the QBRs, the quarterly business reviews, very optimistic at the management level as well. 
Ted Grace: Okay. That's really helpful, Mike. And just in terms of thinking about the fleet size, could you just give us some handholding on how you'd encourage us to think about what you'll do with the fleet in '14 to capitalize on that in terms of growth and where we should look for focus? I mean, there's no doubt you guys have incrementally tilted towards specialty, and it should be great to get your perspective on how we should think about CapEx next year and in the context of specialty rental. 
William Plummer: Sure, Ted. I think it's fair to say, next year, we expect, with the improving level of demand in the overall macro environment, to spend a little bit more on fleet than we did this year, all right? So instead of $1.6 billion, we're thinking a touch more, a touch might be an extra $100 million, in the $1.7 billion area. And obviously, we'll flex if we see the demand ramp up significantly or ramp down significantly. But that's the framing thought right now. A significant portion of that level of spend or that incremental spend is being driven by growth in our specialty area. Trench, Power & HVAC are opening new branches, as we've talked, and really penetrating the market more effectively. So we want to support that without starving the rest of our gen rent business. And so that's the framing thought process. I don't know, Matt or Mike, if you guys want to add anything about where else we might emphasize the spend. 
Matthew Flannery: Well, I would just reiterate, with the specialty business, the high return products, and not only that, but a unique product offering in our space, we've grown our specialty products at 3x the rate that we've grown our overall fleet. So that's -- we'll continue to see that trend throughout '14. 
Ted Grace: And the last thing before I jump back in queue. But in terms of just cadence, if we were to go back and look at normal seasonality of CapEx patterns, should we at least be thinking that, that repeats or is there any unusual flows that we should be thinking about? 
William Plummer: Yes, I think a normal cadence of quarters is probably the way to think about it. As we planned, obviously, it'll depend on our planning process, which we're in the middle of as we speak. But I think if you look back historically, a more normal cadence is where you should start thinking about 2015. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group. 
David Raso: About funding the debt reduction and the share repo, just looking at some of your leverage targets. The fourth quarter cash flow, which is implied around $500 million, can you give us some feel for how you're thinking about debt reduction and free cash flow for repo in the fourth quarter? 
William Plummer: Sure, David. So I will remind you that we gave a range for free cash flow of between $400 million and $500 million. And our view is that between payments against our accounts receivable and the timing of the remaining payables that we have against our CapEx purchases, that we expect a pretty robust fourth quarter of cash coming in. And we'll monitor that as we go through the quarter. We've been more effective at collections against our receivables over the course of the last year or so, and that puts us in a pretty good position to have a very robust payment stream coming in, in the fourth quarter to get us to that free cash flow number. We will -- obviously, as we think about executing the share repurchase throughout the fourth quarter, we will be very mindful of how the cash is flowing in, in the fourth quarter. And we'll meter the share repurchase activities that we do to make sure that it fits with our goal of coming in at about 3x debt-to-EBITDA by the end of the year. If we're doing some share repurchases, obviously, that puts a little upward pressure on that. But if it's 3.1 or even 3.2, please don't call me a liar for saying about 3. That's the way we think, that will firmly keep us on the path of reducing leverage over the next several years and we'll continue to manage it with an outlook toward achieving that while we execute the repurchase and fund the overall needs of the business. Does that help? 
David Raso: It's helpful. I mean, obviously, we're trying to figure out, can you fund both? And what's the priority? And we're talking through 2014. And between -- you talked about leverage, you're talking total debt, right, not net debt, correct? So I'm clearly doing the math properly? 
William Plummer: Yes, that's the way we usually talk about it. I mean, there's not a lot of cash, so $120 million or so of cash relative to $7 billion of debt or so is not going to make a big difference. But yes, total debt is usually the way we think about it. 
David Raso: Because, I mean, the thing is, let's say, the EBITDA this year is a little below the midpoint, $2.275 billion, for example. To get that to the $3 billion leverage, that means you have to end the year with total debt, about $6.8 billion, $6.9 billion. You ended the third quarter nearly at $7.6 billion, right? And so to get this debt down to the appropriate level, to hit your target, it's going to imply all the free cash flow in the fourth quarter is going toward debt reduction. So I'm just trying to figure, is that the priority? Should I expect almost all the free cash flow in the fourth quarter is going to debt reduction then? 
William Plummer: Yes, I mean, again, we'll manage it with debt reduction currently in mind. And so I think that's a backhanded way of saying, "Don't look for $100 million worth of share repurchase in the quarter." I think we'll manage the share repurchase to make sure that we stay on that path of leverage reduction. 
David Raso: And then thinking about those targeted $2.5 billion leverage by the end of next year, what that can be implying about the EBITDA for next year. The cash flow for next year, you put out a target for 3 years cumulative of $1.5 billion, right? This year, you'd do $450 million, right? That means we have a little more than $1.15 billion the next 2 years. Let me just take the average of that. You say next year free cash flow is about $625 million, let me just keep it simple, $600 million. To fund the share repo next year, $500 million, it doesn't leave a lot for debt reduction next year. So I'm just trying to think, are you feeling that confident about the EBITDA number that you can pay off very little debt next year to fund the repo and still hit your target of $2.5 billion? Because if you did, it would imply an EBITDA next year of $2.65 billion, $2.7 billion, a pretty large number. I just want to make sure you're not -- that's what the math is telling us. I just want to make sure, what are you implying, that high EBITDA or that be careful on assuming we can do the repo at $500 million during the course of next year and still get the target to $2.5 billion on the leverage? 
William Plummer: So without addressing the specific numbers, what I'd say is that we purposely chose the size and the timing of our share repurchase and purposely chose the statements that we make about the leverage so that we can make them all work together. So 18 months is the time that we said we would execute the share repurchase over, and that's not a statement that we do all $500 million during calendar 2014. And we'll continue to focus on managing and balancing how much we do of any of this so that we can continue to delever. That's an important priority for us, and we're going to manage with that objective firmly in mind. And we feel confident that we can do it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi. 
Manish Somaiya: Bill, I guess this is a good follow-up then. Perhaps if you can outline your thoughts around refinancing high coupon debt. What are you thinking in terms of timing strategy around that? 
William Plummer: Sure, Manish. We monitor the higher coupon issues on almost a daily basis. Even if we didn't want to, we get phone calls almost on a daily basis. So we're always thinking about those issues. In particular, the 9.25 and the 10.25 are the issues that we do keep close tabs on. And right now, as we sit today, it's a challenge economically to say that it's appropriate to go, right? We don't have a call available under the terms of those notes today, right? The calls don't come into effect until later next year. And to take them out right now, you'd have to use the make whole or tender for them, and that's pretty expensive. So we're continuing to monitor. As time passes, as we get closer to the intrinsic calls in the issues, the premium to take them out comes down. And time is on our side in that regard. So timing, we'll certainly monitor it every day from now going forward. Realistically, you probably over the next couple of quarters before it really becomes economically attractive to do something. But we'll certainly let you know as we think more concretely about when we might do it. 
Manish Somaiya: Okay. And then just 2 operational questions maybe for Matt or Michael. I guess, firstly, maybe if you can give us a sense of how URI is performing versus the ARA operating metrics. Obviously, when you look at the performance for 3Q and this year, the performance is obviously quite strong. But I guess what I'm trying to gauge is where's the room for improvement? Is there a room for improvement? 
Matthew Flannery: Sure, Manish. It's Matt. I'm not sure which metrics you'd like to hear about. But just as we look at the business, we've got a lot of focus right now and will throughout 2014 about continuing to drive more productivity. We think the scale that we've built from the merger and now that we are very comfortable in branches that are anywhere from 30% to 50% more fleet than they had pre-merger, we think we've got some opportunities to reengineer. And whether it's cost out or just not as much cost in to support our growth, we think productivity is probably our single largest next lever of opportunity. 
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Manish, I would also add, just to give you a little color. You mentioned ARA Metrics and Rouse Analytics has a benchmark service that follows that and has a peer group that is pretty good-sized. We have in our presentation, we put in there, our dollar utilization as it relates to our industry peer group. We are -- we're the highest. We lead the industry within that peer group, which takes into account a lot of different things on dollar utilization. We also know that our rates are leading that industry peer group and have consistently done so for a period of time. But you asked where we can always improve. It comes to rate, it comes to mix, it comes to driving increased margin. And so I would tell you that we're never done. I think we have -- our best years are ahead of us, and we're going to focus intensely to achieve it. 
Manish Somaiya: Okay, that's helpful. And then just lastly, you talked a lot about the specialty equipment and the growth prospects there. Maybe if you can outline size and scale of potential acquisition opportunities in these markets. 
Michael Kneeland: Well, the specialty sides of the business and the adjacencies, you're pointing to something that, really -- it's very fragmented, extremely fragmented. There's only -- in 1 area, there's only 1 large company in the Power, and that's something that we would be interested in. We were focusing on right now doing organic with some bolt-ons. We've got a good team. They're showing good growth. And we're going to continue to feed that opportunity. With regards to the other adjacencies that we have there, we're always opportunistic and inquisitive to what may be out there. But there's nothing that is of any magnitude. But there are some adjacencies that are attractive, and those all will be fully vetted to the same process that we've always looked at. And our model is always focusing around our strategic vision. Is it accretive? Will it enhance our returns? And then, culturally, how does it fit with the organization? So we'll always use that as a balance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. 
Scott Schneeberger: On the free cash flow, I know you guys, last year, on the third quarter call, were kind enough to provide a guide for free cash flow for next year. And, Bill, you've already mentioned the $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion for CapEx. I think the most recent thing we have is what David mentioned, the 625 [ph] in the Investor Day packet. Can you give us a little more color on what you are expecting for next year? 
William Plummer: Why don't we get through our planning process for this year and give you more clarity on that in January, Scott? I mean, I certainly feel like it'll be a very robust free cash flow result. I really not like to put any new numbers on the table at this point. And so let's talk in January. 
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Fair enough. And then, obviously, one of the things that's been a headwind is the fleet inflation. This is the time of year where you've set pricing with your suppliers. Obviously, you can combat the fleet inflation by increasing rental rates. But any commentary on how things are progressing with supplier pricing? Are you pushing particularly strong this year? 
William Plummer: So I think what we would say is what we've said basically since I walked through the door here, at least. We're in discussions with suppliers about next year's purchases as we speak. We feel very good about our ability to keep our overall inflation in the low -- in the very low single digits on a year-over-year basis. There will be some impacts to final Tier 4 configurations of some cat classes. But when you blend that, the impact of price increases for final Tier 4 in with the overall purchases, we're still going to be in the low -- very low single digits. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Coppola from Thompson Research. 
Nicholas Coppola: Just following up on rate here. Understanding that 3.2% is still nice performance, is there any deceleration from what we've been seeing? So my question is, why are you able to drive more rate at this point? And what kind of environment are you facing competitively in terms of price? And what kind of pushback are you getting from customers? 
Matthew Flannery: Nick, it's Matt. So when you look at it on a year-over-year trend, we'll -- we continue to see sequential improvement that may not be as robust every month as it was last year. But we've seen sequential improvement throughout Q3. We expect to see sequential improvement up through December. December could be flat, but we don't need December to be sequentially improved to hit our 4%-plus target. And we're seeing most of the industry with a similar discipline around rate and understanding for all the reasons we need to, inflation of equipment costs and everything else that's involved in it. We're not really concerned that we're not going to continue to get rate improvement throughout next year. I think we referred to it earlier. We're going to go into next year with a 2% year-over-year improvement. Our year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter, we expect to be over what the year-over-year improvement was in the third quarter. And on top of that demand, we've got record time utilization for us, and as we sit here today, still a very robust time utilization. So we're very comfortable with the trajectory we're on to meet our commitments that we've made. 
William Plummer: I'd also add that, as you look at the fourth quarter, the comparable is a little easier in the fourth quarter than it was in the third quarter. If you remember back last year, in the third quarter, the sequential months in the third quarter last year were very robust. July was 1.2%, August was 1.1% and September was flat. But that was a very robust third quarter. And so you're comparing to a pretty high base of pricing there. Those sequentials eased in the fourth quarter last year. And so if we can sustain the sequential momentum that we think, it'll show as an improvement in the year-over-year for the fourth quarter. 
Nicholas Coppola: Okay, that's helpful. And then on your unassigned accounts being up 10.5% year-over-year, certainly, very strong relative to the prior quarters, can you give us any color on what drivers were there? Is it really specifically going back after some of the folks that you left on the integration? Or is there really something there in terms of underlying demand between the smaller and the larger guys? 
Matthew Flannery: I think it's a combination of both, Nick. It's certainly the fact that, as we had referred to earlier in the year, that we were going to put more sales reps back in the network to help accomplish that. So we've got 118 reps more today than we started the year with, and that's a net number and well on our way to our goal of 120 to 150 increase. I think the demand for these accounts is also higher. And I just think we needed to reconnect. And the combination of many outbound calling programs and a lot of activity around this, once we recognize that we lost touch with some local folks through the branch consolidations, we just made a very conscious effort, and I think that number reflects the benefits of that effort. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fisher from UBS. 
Steven Fisher: The margins on equipment sales were strong. And I think you said 62% are going to the branches, and that's up by 9%. Can you just give us a sense of where you see that 62% going and how quickly you might see that change over the next couple of years? 
William Plummer: Steve, I'll take a shot at it. We don't have a specific target that we're trying to achieve. I guess you could say our target is 100%. 
Matthew Flannery: Correct. 
William Plummer: But I think at some point, it will slow down. I don't know that we're at the point yet where that share of retail will slow down significantly in the near term. I think we're getting better all the time at how we market used equipment. We're getting more sales collateral in the hands of our sales reps. We continually update how we present the equipment online, more pictures of the equipment. And we're running many more training actions to get sales reps focused on selling used equipment alongside rental. We're just now starting to ramp up a very focused effort on sales, export sales, for example, that should help keep that channel going. So it's hard to put numbers on it, but I think you can look for that mix to continue to shift positively. And that is going to be all good in terms of driving our margin performance. Anything you disagree with, Matt, or... 
Matthew Flannery: No. I think Bill captures it well, and I just think it's another byproduct of the strong demand that we see from our customer base. With improved fleet growth, improved time utilization, improved year-over-year rates and improved used sales volume and margin, it is really in the retail channel, which is really our end users, I think, points to all the great indicators that we're seeing. 
Steven Fisher: Okay, great. And a quick follow-up. Time utilization, certainly, better than expected in the third quarter. Any particular expectations you want to call out for the fourth quarter kind of going to be up year-over-year? Is that what your expectation is? 
William Plummer: It will be exactly what it needs to be to get to 68% for the year. How's that? No, it's -- we'll continue to see our year-over-year improvement in the -- in Q4. We haven't quantified it, but -- other than what's needed to get to the full year. But we feel pretty good about how time ute is developing here. So not quite another 100-basis-point improvement, but there'll be an improvement year-over-year in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Mr. Michael Kneeland for any closing comments. 
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. You'll find our latest Investor Presentation on our website, and we've added a few slides to it. And as always, please reach out to us if you have something you want to discuss. So I look forward to our next quarterly call. Thank you very much, and have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Matthew J. Flannery - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Ishan Singh Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter 2013 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. As the operator said, Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer, is here with me; Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officer; and other members of our senior management team. Well, last night, we reported results that reflect a disciplined company focused on value creation, and it was a strong quarter. And it set the stage for what we expect to be a robust back half of the year. Now, the past 3 months have provided some good insights into the pace of recovery and I want to share some thoughts on that, and then we'll discuss some of the actions that we're taking to grow the business in the current environment. After that, Bill will discuss the quarter in more detail, and then we'll go into Q&A. So let's start with our strategy in the second quarter. We increased our revenue, we improved our margins and we brought down our leverage. This has been our strategy all along as a way to achieve long-term profitable growth, and we've shown that we can execute this strategy in any economic climate. Right now, the construction markets are still very soft compared to the pre-recession levels, but our margins are extremely strong. And that's a powerful tailwind to take into the recovery. Now in reviewing our results, I'm going to give you the year-over-year comparisons on a pro forma basis, and that is they assume the combination of RSC and United Rentals for the second quarter of last year. Now the standout for the quarter was EBITDA. We reported $549 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is up $76 million from last year. And we grew EBITDA more than twice the rate of revenue. Now that should tell you how efficiently we're operating the business. Our adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter was 46%, and that's a record margin for the company in the second quarter and it's 370 basis points higher than last year. Our SG&A expense ratio decreased 2.2 percentage points to 12.6% for the quarter. Now we've been bringing down our SG&A for some time, and we're going to continue to make that a priority. Last night, we reaffirmed our 2013 outlook, which anticipates adjusted EBITDA in the range of $2.25 billion to $2.35 billion on total revenue of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion. And we feel comfortable with these ranges, as well as the outlook for rates, time utilization, CapEx and free cash flow. Well, right now, the pace of the recovery is still lukewarm, although the overall trend is improving. Seasonally-adjusted, private nonresidential construction has increased slightly year-over-year for every month except May. And our customer surveys show that our key accounts remain bullish about business conditions. In fact, our most recent surveys show that the number of customers expecting a decline is at the lowest level we've ever had on record. And demand for equipment is growing. And by the way, as of today, our time utilization is at 70.5%, which is 1 month earlier than we saw last year. Now demand clearly drove our second quarter results. We reported a 4% increase in rate and a 5% increase in the volume of equipment on rent. Our time utilization increased 60 basis points year-over-year to 68%, and that's a second quarter record for us as well. And we sold used equipment at a 42% margin. In other words, we're exactly where we want to be in the recovery, with higher rates, volume and utilization on a larger fleet. It tells us that the market activity is picking up, and that secular penetration is still in play. Now based on what we saw in the quarter, we're making the necessary investments to sustain our momentum. And I'll talk more about that in a minute. Now looking at our geography. 11 of our 14 regions had year-over-year increases in rental revenue, with the Southeast and Western Canada being especially strong. Western Canada is tied to the oil and gas sector, and the Southeast is benefiting from a rebound in the macro economy in residential, particularly in the State of Florida. Although we see a landscape that's still uneven, our scale gives us tremendous advantage. And our footprint is one of the reasons why we're performing at record levels. We're now focused even more intently on revenue growth, with disciplined investments in our fleet and sales force. In the second quarter, we purchased more than $730 million of new fleet to satisfy current demand and prepare for our peak season. Now that's a big vote of confidence in our operating environment and it keeps us on track with our outlook, which is to generate free cash flow between $400 million and $500 million this year. As always, we remain flexible about our growth opportunities, and our ultimate goal is to generate superior returns. And one way to do that in the recovery is by making disciplined investments in fleet. Now we could end up spending more than our current plan of $1.5 billion in gross CapEx if we feel it's warranted. So how are we taking the fleet to market? For one thing, we've added 93 salespeople toward our goal of 120 to 150, and we have a strong pipeline of candidates to build that number over the next 6 to 9 months. And that's a pretty good indication of the confidence that we have in our end markets. The sales force is doing a good job of opening new accounts. Our year-to-date rental revenue from new accounts through June was approximately $66 million. Now that's a healthy return in the short term, but has a much larger implication for long-term growth. We also have aggressive programs in place to reactivate dormant accounts and recapture revenue that was lost during the integration and branch consolidations, and we're ramping up our approach on both efforts and we've already generated $38 million of rental revenue this year. Now we also have a number of additional revenue streams feeding our rental line, all of which are showing double-digit growth year-over-year, for example, Total Control solution, which had more than 30% growth in rental revenue year-to-date, driven in large part by new installs. And we're planning to expand our specialty rental footprint by 18 locations this year, which is significant. Four of these branches are already up and running, and the rest will open in the third and fourth quarters. Five are in the Trench Safety and 13 in Power & HVAC. Now I've spoken about our specialty rental plans on prior calls, and we'll continue to expand these operations as part of our broader strategy. Our specialty segment had rental revenue growth of more than 20% in the quarter on an as-reported basis and a gross margin 47%. Now customers are asking for these services. Power & HVAC, in particular, has the potential to cross-sell to our construction and our industrial base. And cross-selling, in general, is an area of focus for us. When we combined with RSC, we added expertise in industrial, in tool rentals, on-site management and customer-facing technology. And we're in a better position today as a single-source provider than any time in our history, and this resonates more strongly with our larger accounts. Key accounts of all sizes are growing in importance as a part of our component of revenue. In the second quarter, our key account business grew by more than 6% and outperformed rental revenue overall. Now these accounts contributed $1.2 billion in the first months -- first 6 months of this year, and more than 70% of that came from National Accounts. So we're continuing to grow our National Account base through both share of wallet and new agreements. So you see, we have a lot of growth initiatives underway, and we feel optimistic about our end markets even in the early stage of the recovery. Our entire industry is poised for growth, and we're being very diligent about protecting our key account relationships in this environment by ensuring that they get the equipment and services they need. Now looking at the balance of the year, the recovery is unfolding exactly as we anticipated. And when you look at it, our strategy remains completely unchanged. We'll continue to deploy our CapEx as we see strong rates and high utilization. And we've got the timing right. Most of the fleet we've added in the second quarter was deployed by early July, so we're prepared to meet demand in our busiest period. We'll also continue to build up our rental revenue. We had 5% rental revenue growth in the first 6 months of this year, and we're projecting roughly 8% growth in the back half of this year. Now you know our position on revenues on prior calls. We only want to pursue profitable business and retain those customers as we expand our base. Now most importantly, we're delivering on the big picture of steady revenue growth, outsize margin expansion and deleveraging. All 3 of these goals relate directly to value creation. And as our results confirm, we're right on plan. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for the financial results, and then we'll take your questions. So over to you, Bill.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to structure my comments a little differently this morning than I normally do. We've gotten a number of questions about people wanting to understand better the year-over-year change in rental revenue and get a little bit more detail on how we think about that. So I'll spend some time talking about the drivers, as we see them, of rental revenue from last quarter to this quarter. And then last quarter, you'll all remember that we talked about the EBITDA bridge from prior year to current year in a little bit more detail, so I'll give a similar bridge this quarter. And hopefully, that will answer some questions that folks might have. And then I'll finish up just touching briefly on cash flow and flow-through and the outlook. So that will be the structure. But I'll remind everyone, as Mike said, that all of our comments will be on a pro forma basis as though both companies were combined in both the current period and the prior comparison period. So first, rental revenue. We grew rental revenue for the quarter by 4.7%. And within that, we told you that we had year-over-year rate improvement of 4.2%, and our OEC-on-Rent went up 5.1%. That's our volume measure. The rate story was a story of rates getting better as we went through the quarter. We had a slow start to rate in the early part of the quarter, and then saw sequential improvement in the months of May and June that gave us nice momentum coming into the second quarter. And as we sit here in the early part of the second quarter, the way we've characterized our rate performance is rates are coming in well. On the fleet growth side, OEC-on-Rent up 5.1%. That's been developing well as well. We've gotten nice momentum over the last few months in putting more fleet on rent. As Mike said, the additional CapEx that we brought in during the quarter has gone out on rent very, very robustly. And so there's good momentum coming out of Q2 into Q3 around OEC-on-Rent growth as well. And Mike called out the time utilization that we're seeing right here now, north of 70%. So 5.1% volume growth as measured by OEC-on-Rent increase year-over-year. Re-rent was a little bit of a headwind for us in the current quarter. We were down on re-rent this year by almost $8 million compared to last year's comparable quarter. And so when you convert that into a percentage impact, it's something like an 0.8% decline year-over-year. So rates are up 4.2%. Volume is up 5.1%. Re-rent as a separate item was down 0.8%, netting down that rate and volume impact. In prior periods, we've talked a lot about mix as being sort of the other missing part of our year-over-year revenue growth, and we've talk broadly about it as an impact from the shift in rental periods. The truth is that there is more detail to that mix calculation than we've talked about more publicly. We try to simplify things in the past, but the questions that we've gotten from investors tell us that we need to give a little bit more detail. So we decided to start talking a little bit more about the replacement CapEx inflation effect that, in prior periods, we had baked in with the overall mix impact. So inflation impact on OEC is really just the impact of the fact that when we replace equipment, we're replacing equipment that, in the current quarter, on average, is about 7 years old. We buy a unit today at a price that's inflated compared to what it is that we sold out of our fleet as used. In the last 7 years, our equipment inflation has averaged something around 2% a year. So typically, when we replace a unit today, we're replacing a unit at a cost that's 15% higher than the old unit. And that replacement effect, that inflation effect increases OEC-on-Rent. So what we do is we break out that inflation impact on OEC-on-Rent and look at it as a separate item. When you do that calculation in the current quarter, the inflation effect by itself is about a 2% headwind. So previously, we would have just lumped that in with mix. But I think going forward, we'll call it out so that it will help explain the revenue performance that we deliver. So the 2% number is a number that's right around what we've seen for a number of quarters. And I think it's fair to say that, as you're modeling things, you should think about inflation at 2% going on as we go forward as well. The remainder of our year-over-year rental revenue growth is what we would truly call mix. It's about a 1.8% headwind in the current quarter, and it really is everything else that's going on in our revenue growth. So it is period mix shift, yes, but it's also a host of other things, like the currency effects, like the ancillary revenue impact in this particular quarter, like a host of other things, working day count changes. All of that gets lumped into that mix calculation in the way that we talk about the year-over-year growth in rental revenue. But we thought, again, that it made sense to give you the components. So for the 4.7% growth for rental revenue overall, rate was up 4.2%, volume was up 5.1%, re-rent was down 0.8%, replacement CapEx inflation was down 2%, and mix and all other was down 1.8%. I think that's probably the more useful way of thinking about our year-over-year rental revenue change. I'd also like to spend a little time talking about the bridge from last year to this year on EBITDA, and it will be very similar to what we did in the first quarter. So as we look at the key drivers of that $549 million of EBITDA that we delivered this year, obviously, the rental rate impact is pretty significant. So that 4.2% year-over-year rate improvement translates into about $33 million worth of EBITDA increase, and that's essentially taking the 4.2% rate and applying it to the prior year owned equipment revenue percentage and then knocking off a couple of percent to represent commission expense. So $33 million of incremental EBITDA from rate alone. Volume, and again, volume calculated the same way as I just talked about in revenue, volume contributed about $27 million of incremental EBITDA. And that comes from the 5.1% OEC-on-Rent growth that we told you about earlier, applied to the prior period's owned equipment rental revenue, and then we apply a 70% flow-through factor to get to the EBITDA impact on that line. Synergies. We told you that we delivered $60 million of synergies in the current quarter. And on a year-over-year basis, that $60 million compares to $17 million of synergies that we had in Q2 of last year. And so the year-over-year impact of synergies is $43 million, which was just a straight difference between this year and last year. By the way, on synergies, I might just add that the impact of synergies on our flow-through drove us to an overall flow-through for the quarter of 103%. If you take out those synergies, the flow-through x synergies was a little north of 44% in the current quarter. And I'll touch on that again as I update the outlook a little bit later. Used equipment sales were a pretty robust improvement for us this year compared to last year. Used equipment contributed an incremental $16 million to EBITDA in the current quarter, driven by higher used equipment volume and better margins. We continue to see very, very good sales through our retail channel. And as you all know, that gives us the best margin of all the channels that we participate in. 59% of our sales were through retail in the current quarter, and the margin performance showed that effect. So used sales contributed $16 million year-over-year. What are the headwinds? We told you about 5S implementation expense and OEC-not-available reduction efforts in the first quarter. We call those 2, combined, about $10 million impact in the first quarter. In the second quarter, those 2 combined were about a $6 million headwind. It played out as we expected. We reduced the level of expense, although they didn't go away completely during the second quarter. Looking forward, I think it is fair to say that the OEC -- excuse me, the 5S expense and the OEC-not-available special expense are essentially done for the year. So if you're modeling, I would say that those go to 0 for the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis. We had a merit increase impact in the second quarter of about $6 million, the $6 million headwind year-over-year. That's comparable to the $5 million that we called out in the first quarter. Also, in the second quarter, we had an impact from an adjustment to our self-insurance reserves. The irony here is that the impact in the second quarter alone was actually positive. It was an adjustment in our favor by about $3 million in the quarter. But in the prior year's quarter, we had an even larger favorable adjustment of $9 million. So the net impact there year-over-year is about $6 million of headwind in the second quarter. I talked about inflation earlier. If you take that inflation impact on revenue that I talked about earlier and apply a 70% flow-through to that inflation revenue impact, that represented a headwind in the quarter of something like $12 million at EBITDA. And everything else, which is mix and all other effects, aggregated to about a $13 million headwind. So all of those are the pieces that explain the change in EBITDA from $473 million last year to $549 million in the current quarter. Hopefully that level of detail is helpful for people, and it gives you a little bit more insight into how we think about it. If not, please ask whatever questions you think appropriate in Q&A. Real quickly, on cash flow and liquidity for the quarter. We delivered year-to-date free cash flow of $77 million, and that includes, obviously, the rental fleet investment that we made and other investments that we made. Rental fleet, we've invested just a little over $1 billion so far in the year, on our way to $1.5 billion outlook that we've given you for the full year. And as Michael mentioned, we're confident we'll be able to deploy not only the fleet we've already bought, but any incremental fleet that we buy, very effectively. And we are taking a look at whether the $1.5 billion is the number -- the right number to stick to at this point. Liquidity overall is still pretty strong for us. We have been working to execute the share repurchase program that we announced last year. We're essentially done with that program, as we said. At the end of the quarter, we had $15 million left to do against the $200 million authorization that we have. As we sit here today, we've reduced that remaining amount even further. We'll get it finished during the course of this current quarter. Let me just finish up updating our outlook. As Michael said, we're reaffirming the elements of our outlook. So we fully expect that our total revenue for the year -- for the full year will come in, in that range that we've given previously, $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion for total revenue. Within rental revenue, we're still looking for our rates to improve by 4.5% for the quarter full year over the prior year. And time utilization, we should deliver 68%, which would be a 50-basis-point improvement over the full year 2012. The EBITDA result, again, we're reaffirming the $2.25 billion to $2.35 billion range that we've given for EBITDA, and that reflects $1.5 billion of gross rental capital spend and just about $1,050,000,000 of net rental capital expenditures. Free cash flow in the year, again, we're sticking with the $400 million to $500 million on the year. And I'll just reemphasize the flow-through point. As we look at the full year, we still expect to deliver overall flow-through, excluding synergies, of between 60% and 70% for the year. That's about all I'll do on a prepared basis here. But again, if there are any questions about anything that I've said, please feel free to ask it in Q&A. So I'll ask the operator to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So just on the pull-through margin assumption, the 60% to 70% for the year, I guess, can you just tell us are there any of these expenses that we should be thinking about for the third quarter, fourth quarter, things that could come up that we're not aware of? I know that some of these expenses go away, the 5S and the OEC-not-available. But the merit increases and incentive comp and things, can you just help us understand what could be out there for the second half to help us get to the 60% to 70% number? It's a big range.
William B. Plummer: Yes, it's certainly the range that we've talked about historically. I think the one thing I would point to, that it's hard to forecast whether we'll have or not, is the self-insurance reserve adjustment. As I said, it was a $6 million headwind in the current quarter. We don't -- we update our estimates for the self-insurance reserves twice a year. We do that in March and October, I believe. It's hard to say what that might do in the latter part of this year, but our view right now is that I wouldn't -- if I were modeling, I wouldn't model an incremental impact from self-insurance reserves. OEC-not-available, 5S go away, as I said. And those are the key things that we've experienced so far that I would say would go away. The possibility is that -- again, that we might have a self-insurance adjustment late in the year. But it's hard to say what that might look like on a year-over-year basis right here.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess, if I could just slide in another one. On the rate increase, the rate guidance for the year, it seemed to -- it was a little bit lower than what I was thinking for the quarter. I mean, can you just talk about the competitive environment? Are you seeing -- are your competitors being rational, both the bigger national guys, and also, are you seeing any increased pressure from the smaller independent operators?
Matthew J. Flannery: Seth, it's Matt. We actually are seeing the competition to be pretty responsible. We're comfortable that the whole industry realizes that this is important for us all. You may have some one-offs in an individual market. But I'd say all the public companies specifically are doing a great job of rate discipline, and we're seeing the benefit of the demand as well. And we know what the headwind we have to meet our full year rate number. But historically, we've achieved what we need to achieve to get to our guidance, and we have a laser-focus on it.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Are you seeing a lot re-fleeting from the local independent guys?
Matthew J. Flannery: Not across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Could you address -- you alluded on the prepared remarks that you could do a little bit of upside to the CapEx, and that implies the strong demand environment, and you just addressed the price a little bit. What types of fleet are in demand? What have you bought? What are you buying? If you could takes us a little bit deeper on that.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, let me just kind of tell you, since I talked about the idea of the capital side, keep in mind, our principles have not changed. It's about profitable growth, higher returns and it's also about generating cash flow to reduce our leverage. Those principles have not changed, to be clear. We have to balance rate and time. As Matt said, we're looking at the rate. Both of those have to be played out. The one thing that I will tell everybody, if you go back to our earlier messaging, we originally were only going to have 9 locations, cold starts in our specialty business. We're now doubling that. That does take up some capital. But as I mention, at 40% margin, it's very attractive and accretive. So we think it's the right thing to do. That's probably in the order of $30 million to $40 million. Everything is under review. Nothing has been decided. We want to continue to see the nice progression we've seen on time utilization and that demand, and specifically on rates. So Matt can talk specifics on what kind of assets.
Matthew J. Flannery: As Mike had mentioned, the really only big change over our current product mix is much more focus on the specialty products. And that's in line with the direction that we want to go strategically. We think not only are they profitable, but it's a differentiator between us and the marketplace and a value for our customers.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And is there a big difference -- I see key account growth up 6% in the quarter, unassigned accounts up 1.5%. Is there a big difference in what you purchase for each of those target groups?
Matthew J. Flannery: I wouldn't say that there's a big difference. One of the opportunities that we are finding and we have found since the merger of RSC is the increased need and demand for us to cross-sell, and we've got great results from that. So I'd say that's one of the more significant changes for our key accounts, is the legacy RSC customers are now getting access to Trench, Power & HVAC product, and we're cross-selling our tools across the network as well. So those would be the most significant key account differences.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was hoping just to ask, maybe to start on guidance. At this point, what would be kind of the key factors that drive you towards the upper end of the revenue and EBITDA guidance? Would it more likely be pricing over volume? And the same question on EBITDA, would it be pricing, volume, cost/synergy? Just if you could help frame out kind of what you think the key drivers would be, I guess both the drivers at the upper end and then what the biggest risks could be that could drive it the other way.
William B. Plummer: Ted, I'll start, and Mike and Matt, please chime in. Look, we all know the leverage that rate has in our business. So if we got a little bit more pricing, I think that would have the most outsized impact overall. So that would almost always have to go to the top of the list of what might drive us to that higher end of the range. But volume is a very significant lever for us right here and now. It's going well. And so if the market momentum that we see today continues or even increases a little bit, that could be a significant driver to push us toward the top end of the range. And then the synergies could be a pleasant surprise as well. The synergies have developed according to plan so far. They're going nicely. If we saw a little bit more strength in some of the synergy areas that are still developing, right -- many of the synergies are baked. They're done, right? The actions have been taken. The branches have been closed. The headcount has been reduced. But we're now at the synergies that require a process change and development of tools. If some of those pan out better than we expected, we could see a lift from synergies as well. And then if, for some reason, we decided to spend a little bit more on capital, that could be a driver as well. I guess, you'd count that as volume, but I'm counting that as volume that we trigger versus volume that's driven by the marketplace. So those are the, I'd call it, 4 things that I would look at that, say, could push us toward the high end of that range. [indiscernible]
Michael J. Kneeland: Look, Ted, I completely agree with Bill. I think rate would be #1 and the synergy and cost would be #2. Those probably, to me, would be the 2 biggest buckets.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just digging into that pricing comment, if we look at your comps in the third quarter and fourth quarter, just on a single and a double, they look like they're relatively static first and second quarter. Are there programs in place that could help you improve reported pricing on a year-on-year basis in the back half? I know you're reaffirming the 4.5%, but how would you encourage us to think about the potential to do maybe a little better than that 4.2% we saw in the second quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, one of the things I would say, you're right. To be clear, I mean, was it a little bit slower than I would have hoped for? Absolutely. But the team is always up for the challenge and they've always been able to meet or exceed my expectations. That being said, it's supported by strong time utilization, so we'll see that continue to play out. On top of that, we do have our systems in place that we use. We use Zilliant, as you're very much familiar with, as a way in which we go to market. And it's not only the top line rate, it's also taking off the bottom part of the underperforming rates that can drive that outcome. So I would just tell you that we're laser-focused on it. I feel very confident in the team, and time utilization is a benefactor for us. So to the extent that we continue to see the time utilization, that 70.5% right here and now, a month early, if that continues, I feel we'll deliver.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Great. And then second question was on SG&A. And I know in your prepared remarks, Michael, you said that that's a key focus for you guys. It looked great, so congratulations on that. Normally, you'll see that number tick up sequentially. That obviously had a nice tick down, more synergies and more efficiencies. But how should we think about that as a kind of run rate going forward? And can you just walk through maybe some of the puts and takes that helped you to do as well this quarter as you did?
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, I'll start out, and then I'll ask Bill to walk you through it. But it's fair to say that when we think about profitable growth, it's not all about rate and it's not all about the customers that we serve. It's also in the way in which we go to market and driving efficiencies, that efficiencies have not only played out in the field as a cost to ramp, but it's also in the SG&A. How can we have a more effective sales force? How can we do things more effectively? How can we streamline the processes that we have in place? All those things will play. We've made -- we started out several years ago talking about driving cost down, and we've shifted towards talking more about efficiencies. That hasn't changed, and we still remain focused on finding ways to do that. And I'm a disciple of growing the top line, but at the same time, expanding -- reducing costs to grow the bottom line in a combination. So Bill will give you a walk-through in some reoccurring and some data points.
William B. Plummer: So Ted, you will see a sequential increase in SG&A from Q2 to Q3. Without quantifying it, I'd say, clearly, Q3 is our highest revenue quarter. And so you'll see selling costs be a significant part of that sequential increase, and that's probably going to be the biggest driver of the sequential change. What has driven the SG&A improvement that we've seen, especially the year-over-year improvement that we saw this year? Two factors: one is salary and benefit improvement, and that -- I'm talking the total number here -- that reflected the synergy actions that we took during the second quarter last year, really having a full effect in the second quarter of this year on a comparison basis. So that's been a big chunk of it. And the other big chunk is bad debt expense. As we were early in the merger last year in the second quarter, slowly we started to build some older receivables as we transitioned through systems and trained people and figured out a new working relationship with customers. During the second quarter, we start to see our bad debt expense start to rise. We've got a better handle on all of those actions. Right? Systems are now bedded in. People are more comfortable with using those systems, our customers -- and we have a better understanding of how we're working together. And so we're starting to see the age of our receivables balance come down in the second quarter. That was a significant contributor on a year-over-year basis. Will we get as much of that benefit in the third quarter? Maybe not quite as much, but we'll see a nice benefit there as well. So that might add to -- that might offset a little bit the sequential increase that I talked about for commission expense. Those are the biggest things that I'd point to right here and now on SG&A, both on a sequential basis and year-over-year. Is that helpful?
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: That's incredibly helpful, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of David Raso from ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The last 4 quarters, your sales growth has been notably slower than some of the major competitors. Just keep it open ended as a question, I'd like to hear your explanation why and maybe how is that influencing your decision on CapEx for what you just experienced in 2Q and how you're thinking about the rest of the year.
William B. Plummer: So David, I'll start off. I think -- well, I don't spend a lot of time wallowing in the competitors metrics. I do know that in some key cases, they're growing their fleet robustly right here and now. Our fleet is growing, as we said earlier, 5.1% using nominal OEC dollars. And so that's a robust foundation. If you're pumping your fleet up 15%, 20%, that's a very strong underpinning for growth. We know because we were growing our fleet in the high teens, 4, 5, 6 quarters ago, if you go back and take a look. And we were delivering revenue growth in the 20%-plus area. So I think that's a big factor that's going on. Another factor is the customer segments that we focus on. Our large key accounts, I would argue, experienced a rebound earlier in the cycle than some of the midsized and smaller accounts that some of our competitors rely upon. So the timing of the customer segment that they're focused on is playing to their benefit right here and now. It played to our benefit earlier in the recovery cycle, and so that's another, I think, important factor. So those are the 2 things that I would point to. Mike or Matt, would you guys add anything on top of that?
Michael J. Kneeland: What I would add, David, is, keep in mind, we closed 200 locations. So we knew going in that we would have a dis-synergy. That dis-synergy comes much quicker. And then we build our way out of it. As I mentioned, we're looking at the dormant accounts, and we're growing that. And so Bill is right. It's a different strategy, and we're very happy with what we -- how we look at the world and the principles that we've laid out for profitable growth, higher returns and cash flow.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I think we're all just trying to figure out the run rate for rental rates and the delicate balance you always have between growth of fleet versus rate, and how do we think about rate versus fleet growth into '14. Because if I look at the rental rate growth for the full year, the 4.5%, obviously, the OEC-on-Rent, especially with the way the July utilization started strongly, that appears from your fleet utilization/average OEC, that's probably upside to the targets. But the rate of 4.5%, it would seem like a bit of a challenge. So can you educate us a little bit, maybe more detail on how are thinking about rate in the third and fourth quarter? And I'd probably weave that into how should I think about that interplay going into next year? Because a lot of the long-only's are thinking about the stock is, if they can grow nicely and generate a lot of cash, it's not just enjoying the cycle, you're enjoying an improving company, better return on capital, the whole story. But to grow the top line more by fleet, I might have to forego some of that cash flow. So I'm just trying to think of that balance. So if we can go back, how are you thinking about rates the next couple of quarters to get to the 4.5%? Or is it probably more of a -- maybe you missed the rate target a bit, but you have the upside to the fleet utilization? And then dovetail that into 2014 thoughts.
William B. Plummer: Yes. So again, I'll start and ask for input, Mike and Matt. As we think about the back half of the year, the math is pretty clear, right? You got 5.4% year-over-year in the first quarter on rate. You got 4.2% in the second quarter. And so in order to get to the 5.5% -- or excuse me, 4.5%, maybe that's Freudian, 4.5% for the full year, the back half has got to be somewhere around 4% growth. And the quarters will break out differently based on the comps last year, right? Third quarter last year, we had a very strong rate improvement, and so that will be a difficult comparison in Q3 for this year. So somewhere between 4% and 4.2% is where the back half has got to be, and the third quarter is probably biased a little lower and the fourth quarter a little higher than that. So that's the way that we're thinking about rate to finish out this year, and it leads into the 2014 comment. In 2014, we'll follow years in which -- if we do what we say this year, we'll follow years in which we had rate at 4.5%, what was it was, 6.9% last year, folks? Somebody remind me. And it was 5-and-change percent the year before that. Those are very strong consecutive years when you look back at the history of not only this company, but this industry. And so it's hard sitting here right now to say we're going to stack another 4% or 5% rate on top of that, but that's the kind of thing that we ask ourselves as we think about 2014. Should we expect another 4% or 5% in 2014? That's a tough thing to decide right here and now. But it's in the neighborhood of where rate should be next year. So let's say it's, I'll pick a number, in that area of 4% to 5%. So let's say it's in that area. What can we do to generate profitability, margin, return and cash flow in that scenario? We would look at that question and ask, importantly, what's the fleet investment assumption that we want to put underneath that? What we've said so far is that we want to think about fleet investments over the next several years that are in the neighborhood of what we're doing this year and what we did last year. If we do that, then the cash flow generation is very robust over the next few years. But that limits us to something in the high-single digits of fleet growth over the next few years. So the thing that we're struggling with -- not struggling -- discussing right here and now is, is that the scenario that you want to play out over the next several years. That's our mindset right here and now. And if we do it the way we've been talking about, we'll get a lot of free cash flow over the next few years.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And that's kind of why I asked the question the way I did. I mean, if you feel you need to look at your peers, and I know they're growing the fleet more, but still you're truly not growing nearly as fast. If you feel we can't have that much of a -- at least optically, it looks like you're losing share. We have to go after the fleet expansion. That might be able to close the gap on the revenue growth, but you clearly begin to give away the cash flow target that you set of $2 billion in aggregate, 13', 14' and 15'. It sounds like you're still feeling the balance should be -- look, we're not trying to chase the double-digit top line growth. We're trying to get the returns, and the cash flow is still a pretty high priority.
William B. Plummer: I think that's fair, and, Mike, please offer your view. But I don't think we feel like we've got to deliver double digit or near 20% revenue growth. I don't think that's where any of us have our heads set right here and now. We're focused on profitable growth. We're focused on doing it in the context of managing our leverage, and that means free cash flow. We can grow and we can improve margins, and we can improve return and deliver significant free cash flow over the next few years all at the same time. That's where we are as a company in this current cycle, and we feel pretty confident about that. The details of whether it's 5% growth a year or 7% or 8%, I think, would inform the exact amount of free cash flow that we generate. But that's the neighborhood that were talking about rather than saying, "Oh, we've got to be up at 15% or 20%."
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, I agree with everything that Bill just said. David, the one thing, if we -- this 4.5%, just leading into 2014, you can assume a carryover of somewhere around 2% going into next year. And then you take a look at what some of the industry analysts are saying about the end markets, it actually is -- it grows, so that it should, again, support more rate and higher returns. And Bill is exactly right. We're not -- we've never said that -- or pounded the table on double-digit growth. We're pounding the table on profitable growth and higher returns and cash flow and delevering.
William B. Plummer: I don't want to get on my soapbox here. But I mean, we're in a phase now where we're delivering, if we do what we say, $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow, while growing our fleet, while improving our time utilization, while improving margins, while improving returns. There are a lot of things lined up right here and now, and we think we can extend that run over the next several years. And to give up all of that in pursuit of just absolute top line growth is not where our heads are.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi.
Ishan Singh: This is Ishan on for Manish. Just a quick question. I know you get this every quarter now and then. I just wanted to get your latest thoughts on the M&A environment, given there appears to be a number of opportunities out there in the market right now.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. We've said this time and time again. It has to be, as we call it, the three-legged stool. It has to be strategic. It's not like we have to run out and buy somebody for the sake of getting big. Big is not the endgame here. It has to be accretive, and there has to be a cultural fit with our company. And I think the success that we have with RSC speaks volumes of how we approached it. Do we look at things that are out there? Absolutely. But again, our principles are out there. As these things come available or come across our desk, we'll look at them as we should. But again, it has to fit those 3 buckets, and it has to fit with our long-term strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Michael, can you talk about the opportunities to continue to improve fleet availability or reduce fleet not available, now that you've got RSC under your belt for an extended period of time here? Is there a 1-year-plus opportunity to continue to improve and drive higher equipment utilization rates longer term?
Michael J. Kneeland: Short answer is yes. But I'm going to start, and I'm going to ask Matt to chime in because it's a project that we've announced, it's underway here inside the company. But we're doing a lean process, and we're taking a look at our processes. And we do think that there is an opportunity to improve the day-to-day operations and streamline things, take out redundancies and effectively get better results, not only from the turn that we have from fleet coming in, but also fleet going out. And we're very excited about that. Matt?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, Jerry, Mike is absolutely right. I mean, on average, we have stores that have 30% more fleet year-over-year, and some of them significantly more than that. So we've got a new scale coming through these locations, and it's a great time for us, after the year anniversary, to start looking at our new business model and how can we get waste out of the model and improve efficiency. At the end of the day, that's the output that we're looking for, and we've got a lot of folks focused on that. And we think that we'll see that throughout the next few years. And part of that is the gap that we're going to fill between the $230 million to the $250 million range that we want to get in synergies. It's going to come out of the shop, as Bill stated earlier. It's a little more, I won't say, complex but it's more process-oriented, and it's going to take time to achieve. And that's where our focus is.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up just on the broader demand environment. To get to your pricing number, you really need to get pricing accelerating into 3Q to a rate of improvement of closer to 1 point a month from roughly half that amount in June. And I'm just wondering, based on the increase that you see or backlog of work that you see, are you on track to ramp up to that level of sequential price increases? And how would you characterize the demand environment in 3Q versus 2Q on a seasonally adjusted basis?
Matthew J. Flannery: So the demand environment is very strong. As we discussed, time utilization is a point higher than it was last year. We reached the 70% threshold at least 30 days earlier than we did last year. And the sequential rate improvement, we're very aware of the sequential rate that we need throughout the balance of the year to reach our target, and it has been achieved. And if you look, the third quarter, over the last few years, is our largest sequential improvement. And we know it's going to take more focus than it has because of the slower start, and we're putting that appropriate focus. But it is achievable or we wouldn't have reaffirmed that guidance. So we know exactly what that's going to take to do it, and the team is focused on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question is with regard to the flow-through calculation in the press release and, Bill, your comments regarding that. I'm having a hard time calculating it. If I take the $549 million of EBITDA minus the $418 million of last year divided by the $1,206 million of revenue minus the $993 million, I get to about $61.5 million versus the $102 million in the spreadsheet -- in the press release, what am I missing?
William B. Plummer: So the prior year pro forma adjusted number is $473 million as a starting point compared to the $549 million, so that year-over-year in total is -- somebody do the math for me -- $76 million. And then the revenue change is $74 million in the period. So say again, Phil, what were the other numbers that you're using?
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So the ones in the press release are not the ones you're using. You're using the pro forma numbers from last year's release.
William B. Plummer: That is correct.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just to go back to the M&A question, do you have enough dots on the map? I mean, you've got 820-some-odd locations. It seems to me that you wouldn't really need to add any more general rental locations. You just simply now are going to add more units per location and that should increase your EBITDA margin and increase the economies of scale. Is that the way you guys are thinking of it?
Matthew J. Flannery: Generally, yes. Phil, this is Matt. I mean, there may be gaps based on upcoming projects, and specifically in Canada, where we may have a gen-rent cold start or 2 planned. But that's why our focus is on our specialty business. Because even if they share real estate, we always look at that opportunity. We do want to build out the footprint of our specialty product. It's a huge growth goal of ours and a strategic focus. So as far as the 836 and the gen-rent footprint, it is fairly robust, and we don't have really any gaps to fill.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just on that specialty piece, it would be 18 locations, how soon? Are those third quarter events or is that fourth quarter?
Matthew J. Flannery: It will depend to the timing of getting the real estate and getting the employees, but it is a number that we feel we can achieve in the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from Keybanc.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a quick clarification. Bill, that was helpful on the mix and the inflation impact. As we think about the rental revenue walk going forward, should we expect the impact from national customers to still be a negative mix headwind, but maybe less than in the past couple of quarters as you anniversary the RSC deal?
William B. Plummer: I don't know that I'd point to national specifically, but what I would say is that the mix impact -- so excluding inflation, the remainder, we're calling mix, will likely continue to be a negative. I won't characterize the size of it, but I think that dynamic of continuing to mix more toward the larger players who do rent longer typically, so you've got that period mix dynamic going on, a little bit of Cat class mix that's influenced by the growth of the larger Strategic Accounts, and then just all the other puts and takes that flow through that number. I would expect that to continue to be a headwind over the next several quarters.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And Mike, can you maybe just give us a little bit more color on regional demand in the quarter and maybe just comment on the weather impact? Obviously, we had a lot of rain this year versus last. Just any thoughts on how much weather could have impacted the numbers.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, you know me, I don't like to hide under the covers around weather. But of the 3 regions that we basically talked about that were down on a year-over-year basis, clearly, one of them was impacted by weather; the other one, which is Northeast Canada, and Northeast Canada, we knew it was going to be down on a year-over-year basis. And they did -- also are going through a union issue in the province of Qubec. That has had some impact, so we expect that. The other regions -- I think the other regions that we -- the Gulf South that we talked about, it was the third one. That was more of a timing issue related to its projects, and they're back online. And the rest of them came up very nicely on a year-over-year basis. When you look at the 2 performing ones, obviously, you can take the Southeast, which I think was really impacted by the downturn severely, has come back strong, both from residential and on the construction side. And then the Western Canadian region still performs very well due to the oil and gas sector that's out there. And as long as the oil stays up, it will do and perform exceptionally well.
Operator: And due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to turn the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. If you go on to our website, you can see our investor site, where you can download our latest presentation. We're also settling into our new offices here in Stamford, Connecticut. We have relocated from Greenwich. So you can reach us on the same phone lines and reach out to Fred for any additional comments or questions and if you would like to see any of our facilities and if you want to discuss anything else in more detail. So thank you very much. Look forward to our third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Matthew J. Flannery - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Manish A. Somaiya - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter 2013 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is indicated in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year-end December 31, 2012, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that the company's earnings release, investor presentation and today's call include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Michael Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And good morning, everyone, and welcome. As the operator said, with me today is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer; Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officer; and other members of our senior management team. I'll start off with some of the numbers you saw last night, and then I'll talk about our operating environment, including the status of the recovery. And then after that, Bill will discuss the quarter in more detail, and then we'll go over to Q&A. Our first quarter results made a strong statement about commitment to profitable growth. In our slowest seasonal quarter, we generated $451 million of adjusted EBITDA at a 41% margin. That's 420 basis points higher than last year, and it's also a first quarter record for us. And we intend to deliver over $2.2 billion of adjusted EBITDA on approximately $5 billion of revenue this year. And we hit our mark with total revenue in the quarter despite a harsh winter in the Northeast and Central U.S. Three key metrics met or exceeded our expectations in the quarter. Our rates, time utilization and used equipment margin were all up year-over-year. Now the combination of these metrics tells us that our customers are truly in a recovery, and our CORE business overall is very strong. An important part of our strategy is to submit our relationships with key accounts, and we did exactly that in the quarter, with our key account rental revenue up more than 11% year-over-year. Now on the cost side, we continue to make progress with synergies from the merger. And as you saw last night, we realized another $53 million of cost savings in the quarter, and our target of $230 million to $250 million remains realistic as a fully developed run rate. Now before I continue, I should remind everyone that our year-over-year comparisons are still on a pro forma basis. That is we're measuring the quarter against the combined results of RSC and United Rentals in the first quarter of 2012. And we closed the RSC transaction at the end April last year, so we have one more quarter of pro forma comparisons to go. So let's turn to the external environment. I'm pleased to say that we feel just as bullish about the recovery as we did in our last call. The national indicators for construction and industrial are still positive. And more important, they're trending upward. In fact, I was in Dallas a few weeks ago to meet with our regional leaders, and it was brought up several times about the environment. Their confidence level is high, and there's far less uncertainty than a year ago. In early 2012, we were still debating whether the recovery was real. Now it's more a question of pace. And there's also a layer of secular penetration that I've spoken about in the past. Much of the penetration is coming from customers who are very savvy about fleet and are now renting some of the fleet they used to own, so they know about the equipment applications. Now these customers are very focused on reducing costs and improving and increasing their productivity, and our value proposition provides that. Currently, we have $7.2 billion of rental fleet based on original equipment cost, and that includes $166 million of net rental CapEx we spent through March. Last year, if you recall, we front-loaded our fleet and spent about 36% of our annual CapEx in the first quarter. We did that to take advantage of an attractive Tier 3 pricing that was available to us. Now this year, we spent about 19% of our CapEx in the first quarter, which reflects a return to more normalized levels. And we plan to spend over $600 million on fleet in the second quarter, which will put us about 50% of CapEx deployed by the end of June. And we could spend more in the quarter if we feel that it's warranted. But in any case, we expect our full year gross investment in fleet to be close to our outlook, which is about $1.5 billion. Now as we add fleet, we're also taking the necessary steps to get that fleet into the hands of our customers, and I'm talking about sales presence. Now last year, when we merged the 2 companies, we went to a complete review of our sales training, compensation, territory structure and sales management. And it's a big part of our integration. And we got everybody on the same page. Now we have a cohesive sales environment, and we're going to add more feet on the street as part of our plan. We currently have about 1,200 outside sales reps in the field, and we expect to increase that number by at least 10% over the next 12 months. Our salespeople are the frontline of our strategy. Their primary job is to develop relationships with our customers. Which is the bedrock of our growth, and has our full attention. They're also an important part of our plan to reduce volatility in our business mix. This year, we see an additional opportunity to revitalize a group, what we call unassigned accounts. Unassigned accounts are typically local commercial contractors, and they currently represent about 38% of our base. Our revenue on the unassigned accounts grew in the first quarter year-over-year, but it could have been more robust. Now there are still some lingering effects of the integration and the branch consolidation, but our reps are increasing their touches with unassigned accounts to tap more strongly into this space. So as you can see, there's a lot going on, and our branch teams are energized by the activities that surrounds them. Our employees know that we're selling the best value proposition in the industry, leading with safety first. We've given them the tools and technology to hone in on market opportunities and capture share. Every one of our regions is driving hard to be a top performer this year. Now to give you a snapshot of our regions in the first quarter, 10 of our 14 regions had year-over-year growth in rental revenue, and the headwinds from the remaining 4 regions were mostly related to weather. And if you recall, we almost had no winter last year, so some of the projects got off to a slower start this year. But it doesn't qualify as a market trend. Western Canada, on the other hand, was booming, up more than 19% due to the energy sector. And our specialty rentals segment generated increase of more than 28% year-over-year. Now within specialty, power HVAC was up more than 41%, including same-store increase of 31%. And we plan to continue to expand our specialty footprint this year and cross-sell these services even more vigorously with our customers. Matt will be here on the call, and he'll be available during Q&A to answer any questions you may have about our field operations and the integration. So in summary, there are many positive undercurrents for our company, both internally and externally. And we're going to grow our business at every level, from our top line to our shareholder value. And that growth is going to be robust. In fact, we think it will outpace the market, which is a forecast to increase about 6% this year, with close to 10% growth in 2014. Now I want to emphasize that we're being very targeted about opportunities in this environment. We know that some transactions will be more profitable than others as we enter -- as our end markets begin to recover, and we will not be chasing every deal. We're not interested in escalating our revenues if it hurts our margins in the process. We want to serve our customers, and we want to do it in a way that drives exceptional returns. And then we want to retain those profitable customers and expand our base. That's what our strategy is designed to do. And clearly, we're succeeding. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Bill for the financial results, and then we'll take your questions. Over to you, Bill.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As usual, I'll provide a little bit more detail on the quarter. But maybe I'll do it a little differently this quarter than in many quarters past. We've gotten some very specific questions in reaction to our release last night, and I thought I'd take the time to walk through a couple of items that I think will help people understand the quarter better and help flesh out the discussions. Along the way, I'll try to throw in some of the key performance measures for the quarter. But if I miss anything, please do raise it in Q&A. And I think it'd be useful to structure the discussion around a bridge of EBITDA from last year to this year. Last year, we delivered $392 million of pro forma adjusted EBITDA, and that goes to the $451 million that we delivered in the first quarter of this year. And again, everything in this discussion, except where I might note it, will be a pro forma discussion. So how did we go from $392 million to $451 million? We told you about our synergy results in the quarter. We realized $53 million of synergies in the quarter, so that has a direct add-on to last year's adjusted EBITDA. If you dive a little deeper into our revenue performance in the quarter, we told you that we delivered 5.4% rental rate increases year-over-year. That 5.4%, if you apply it to the prior year's owned equipment rental revenue and you have the use OER rather than the total rental revenue in order to get the right measure, right, the rental rate only applies to the owned equipment revenue. It doesn't apply to re-rent. It doesn't apply to the ancillary items within rental revenue. And that's one of the reasons why we call those pieces out in our press release this year because it's a significant item in the quarter. So if you applied 5.4% rental rate to last year's OER, which was about 86% of last year's total rental revenue, you get about $40 million of rate impact on a year-over-year basis. And since that's rate, it's almost 100% flow-through. So call it $40 million of increased EBITDA from rental rate alone. On volume, we called volume OEC-on-Rent growth year-over-year at 5.8% in the quarter. That's what we realized this year. So if you used that 5.8% and apply it to the prior year OER, you get a volume impact at revenue, which you then need to reduce the EBITDA by using a flow-through. We used about 70% flow-through on the volume impact. And if you use 5.8% volume, 70% flow-through, you get an EBITDA impact from volume of about $30 million. So that's an add-on to last year. We also had a better used equipment sale gross profit result this year of about $5 million better than last year, so that's an add-on. So those are all the add-ons that take you from last year to this year, and that increases last year's EBITDA by $128 million. So let me walk now through the deductions that get you down to the $451 million that we reported this year. Within the quarter this year compared to last year, we had one less working day in 2012 -- excuse me, in the 2013 quarter. And one of the working days that we had in 2013 was Good Friday. Good Friday and Easter fell into the second quarter last year. They were in the first quarter this year. So when you look at that impact, our revenue per working day is in the area of $10 million per working day, and the flow-through on those working days is pretty high. So the net effect of having one less working day, plus one of the working days being a semi-holiday, was about $12 million at EBITDA in the year-over-year comparison. So there's a $12 million deduct. The other lines of business, including our contractor supplies business and our service and other line, was down year-over-year in the quarter. That reflected the strategy we've been focusing more on rental and, therefore, allowing the revenue items to find their own level while increasing the margins in those lines of business. But it also reflected the fact that we sold wind [ph] systems during the course of last year, and the year-over-year impact there was a decline in the gross profit. So when you look at those other lines of business, and I lump in along with those other lines of business, the year-over-year change in non-rental equipment sales, the sales of delivery trucks, trailers, things like that, those all add up to a deduct of somewhere in the $10 million to -- roughly, $10 million area, let's call it. Period mix. You've heard us talk about this a lot. Our mix on a day, week and month basis has been shifting toward monthly. That's been pretty consistent over the last several years. In the first quarter, our period mix shifted to 77.1% monthly. That's 170 basis points greater monthly share this year compared to last year. We have a methodology internally that we use to estimate that period mix impact, and that gives us about a $10 million EBITDA impact year-over-year in the first quarter. So there's a $10 million deduct there. And then I mentioned previously ancillary revenues and re-rent revenues. Those are part of our rental revenue, our total rental revenues. They were down year-over-year. Both were, we believe, responding to our strategy with re-rents, in particular. Since the merger, we've been very focused on displacing re-rented items with items that are in our own portfolio, and you saw the impact there. Our re-rent in the quarter was down about $22.6 million -- excuse me, 22.6% compared to last year, the dollar amounts appreciably smaller. But that represents a drag as does the ancillary items, items like pickup and delivery charges, our loss damage waiver program and so on. Those were down a combined 2.3% in the quarter. So when you look at the EBITDA impact of those revenue declines, we get about a $5 million deduct for ancillary and re-rent. So those are sort of the normal routine things that represent a deduct in the year-over-year EBITDA. In addition, there were several items that we would categorize as one-timers in the quarter. So for example, we were implementing a focus on reducing our OEC not available across the business in the first quarter. We had some success there. We were able to reduce that OEC not available to the lowest level that we've seen in a couple of years at one point during the quarter. We will continue that focus. But as you do it, it incurs incremental expense in labor, parts purchases and other supplies associated with getting the equipment up and ready for the busy season. That incremental effort cost us, we estimate, about $5 million in the quarter. Again, it's a one-timer. It'll certainly be -- there'll certainly be some over effect of that effort in the second quarter, but it will be reduced versus what we experienced in the first quarter. During the quarter, we also were very heavily investing in implementing a lean management technique called 5S, many of you have heard us talk about it, across our branches. That effort requires us to rearrange our maintenance shops and do things like repainting the floors, repainting lines, adding new signage, adding new tools and racking and so on. We estimate that, that effort in the first quarter cost us an incremental $5 million as well in overall costs. And then finally, we had what is a more normal effect but one that we felt we should call out, the impact of our merit increases on a year-over-year basis, which was again about $5 million. 5s are wild here today. But those 3 impacts we wanted to call out because they represent significant incremental costs in the first quarter. If you deduct those 5 by 3, you get another $15 reduction -- $15 million reduction, and that leaves about $15 million of the year-over-year EBITDA change unexplained. We attribute that remaining $15 million or so to weather and other unexplainable items. On the weather front, you've heard us talk about it. We had a real winter this year, and that compares to last year, where winter was very mild across most of the continent. That weather impact hits us both in the top line, reduces your productivity and your ability to get the fleet ready and out on rent, reduces the demand from projects that are slow. But it also hits you on the cost lines as it costs you more to just prepare your equipment for delivery. And so we estimate that impact, along with -- and there are host of other puts and takes that are all aggregate as being somewhere around $15 million or so. So that gets you from last year's EBITDA to the $451 million that we reported this year. Hopefully, that's helpful and addresses questions that we've had. But if not, then please do ask further questions during Q&A. One other discussion that we have with folks following the report last night revolved around our flow-through in the quarter. Flow-through in total for the quarter was $164 million -- excuse me, 164% when you include the impact of the synergies. But when you exclude the synergies, it drops appreciably. And the question was your flow-through x synergies in prior quarters have been much higher. You told us that you're going to get to the 60% to 70% range flow-through x synergies for the full year. What's going on? How are you going to get there? Well, I called out of those specific items in the quarter, the 3 $5 million hits for a 5S, OEC not available and our merit increases. Those were direct drags to our flow-through when you exclude the impact of the synergies this year. So when you add that $15 million -- you add back that $15 million drag to the year-over-year revenue change x synergies, you get a flow-through that's right at 58%. And for the first quarter, 58% x synergies is in the zone where we feel very comfortable that we'll be able to deliver the flow-through x synergies for the full year in that normal range of 60% to 70%. So hopefully, that addresses that question that some of you may have had about our flow-through performance in the quarter. Before I wrap-up, I just want to spend a couple of minutes updating our outlook. It'll be very quick because we haven't changed any component of our outlook. We still expect the full year rental rate increase to come in at 4.5%, and we still are very focused on delivering the time utilization and revenue and EBITDA guidance that we gave earlier in the year. So revenue will be between $4.9 billion and $5.1 billion, and time utilization within rental revenue will be about 68% for the full year. That's up 50 basis points compared to last year. Adjusted EBITDA for the full year will be between $2.250 billion and $2.350 billion. And we continue to expect, as Mike said, to spend $1.5 billion gross rental CapEx, which will net down to about $1,050,000,000 after the impact of used sales proceeds. Finally, free cash flow will continue to be robust. We had a good free cash result in the first quarter, $234 million, and it puts us well on the path to deliver the $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow that we expect for the full year this year. And I might emphasize it continues us on the path to deliver the kind of free cash flow over the next several years that we've talked about, most specifically back in our Investor Day in December. Over the next few years, we expect to deliver almost $2 billion of free cash flow, and we feel that, that will be a very, very robust cash flow environment for the company even while we're continuing to grow the fleet, continuing to grow top line and continuing to deliver the kind of profitability and margin and return that we're targeting to deliver. So with that, I'll end my comments and ask the operator to open the call up for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: How should we think about the mix and the ancillary revenue headwinds going forward? Should that start to abate? Or is that going to continue to be negative $10 million, $15 million a quarter going forward?
William B. Plummer: Seth, I guess, maybe what I can usefully say is a comment about the full year rather than the quarter-by-quarter. I think you remember we said back in January, that we expected the full year mix impact to be something like 1.5% on the full year. I think it's fair to say now that the mix will be a little bit more than that, more of a headwind than that during the course of the year. It'll be less than it was last year. I think it was 5.1% last year so somewhere between 5.1% and 1.5% is where we'll end up over the course of the year. And I'll leave it to your own imagination as to how you parse that out across the quarters. But that's the overall mix, by the way. That's including all of the effects. The $10 million that I gave here was just the day, week and month component of mix. And you got to make sure that you make that distinction. But overall, we think it'll be something a little bit more negative than 1.5% but less negative than 5.1%.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then with the pull forward of the CapEx in the second quarter, the $600 million, how should we think about -- I assume free cash flow would be negative in the quarter. What -- can you frame the order of magnitude we should be thinking about for free cash flow use in the second quarter?
William B. Plummer: I'd rather not. We get that granular on the timing of free cash flow through the quarter. The $600 million, if we deliver that and if you assume that we have a payables, payable terms with our vendors, that they're somewhere in the 60-day area, that can give you a rough idea of the impact that we will see in the second quarter. So I'll stop there, Seth.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Could I ask -- slide another one in then? It sounds like you're suggesting that there could be some specialty -- you're talking about expanding your specialty footprint. I mean, is that going to be organic or do you think that'll be acquisition? And is that -- does your guidance include some acquisitions for this year in the specialty rental business?
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. And that is -- it's organic. What we've got in there is baked into our plan. We are going to be opening up some locations in all 3 segments: Trench, Power, HVAC; and also in our tools, which is all organic. We haven't baked in any assumptions for acquisitions at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: With regard to the additional sales force, could you take us a level deeper there? You mentioned unassigned accounts. Is it -- is that predominantly where it's going to be? Is there going to be some in national strategic as well and just kind of the productivity curve you expect from these salespeople being added?
Matthew J. Flannery: So this is Matt, Scott. Primarily, this will be local reps. We feel very comfortable with the output from our strategic account managers and that part of our sales team. We just want to -- and this has been built into our plan. We just want to pivot from the integration period where we were stabilizing and really focused on harmonizing contracts and all the things that went with our sales efforts last year and pivot to growth mode. There's a portion of these sales reps that's more R&D. But as we continue to grow in 2014 and beyond, we think it's appropriate to add to our sales force to help facilitate that growth.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then one more, if I could. On the 10 of the 14 regions that were positive, could you -- I guess, specifically on the 4 that were not in the quarter, were those Northern regions? Could you kind of address where the weakness was and what you expect from those regions and overall progression over the year?
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, I don't want to point to a specific region. But I will say, we all know where the weather-related markets are in the Northeastern half of the continent, in the Midwest as well. So that's where our issues were. To be clear, none of the -- some of them were only down by less than half a point. But nonetheless, for transparency, they were negative. We don't expect any of those regions to not show positive year-over-year growth by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So Bill, I understand why you're adding back the 3 $5 million headwinds to kind of get you to that 58% flow-through x synergy. But why wouldn't you add back the $12 million EBITDA headwind from workdays since that should theoretically reverse in 2Q?
William B. Plummer: The workday impact is in revenue as well, and so we just think it's a more fair representation the way that I described it.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. But we should see that somewhat reverse then in 2Q though, right?
William B. Plummer: You should. 2Q workdays are flat year-over-year, so I don't expect that there'll be much of an impact from working days certainly in the second quarter.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect.
William B. Plummer: We don't recall what the full year comparison of workdays is. You can count your calendar as well as I can.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to follow-up on Seth's specialty question, can you guys give us a sense of what the breakout would be by volume of equipment on rent versus pricing so we can essentially see the difference between specialty and the general rents business?
William B. Plummer: So -- go ahead, Mike.
Michael J. Kneeland: Go ahead, Bill.
William B. Plummer: No, I was just going to ask for clarification. You're asking for a breakout by specialty versus gen rent of volume rate?
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Correct. Yes, exactly.
William B. Plummer: Yes, that's not something that we've done historically, Joe, so let's not break new precedents right now. We'll give some thought about whether we should say more about that as the specialty business grows in scale.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That's fair. Maybe let me ask it this way then. Can you give us a sense of how much of the growth that you're seeing within specialty as a function of you pulling out the re-rent from RSC?
William B. Plummer: It's a nontrivial contributor to growth. But we are also very, very keenly focused on growing just in and of itself. So we've had close starts that we've opened that really weren't driven by displacing re-rents. We have had investment in the fleet that's above and beyond what was needed to displace re-rents in a very significant way. So I don't know what the percentage mix would be, but I would say most of the growth is coming from our focus on driving the business more so than displacing re-rents.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, Joe, this is Mike. I would say that's exactly right. I mean, we went to the harmonization of contracts. And keep in mind, with RSC, it wasn't something they promoted because they didn't have it. We do. We're cross-selling it, and we are pursuing it across a broader footprint. For an example, like the tools that they -- that RSC had, we're now replicating that across our broad footprint, and we've seen significant growth. And we're going to continue to support that growth as we go forward. So to me, it was the best of both worlds and where we can capture a lot of the synergies down the road. And again, it's profitable and it's part of our strategy to help untangle our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So the first thing I was hoping to circle back on was the commentary around the key accounts and the unsigned accounts, and you've consistently laid out on in the slide deck kind of what those numbers look like on a relative basis. The unassigned accounts certainly have been growing at a substantially slower than the key accounts. And I think we all understand that the focus has been on more profitable business, higher skew towards industrial. But I think we've also seen kind of across the competitive landscape relative growth rates among all the competitors. Do you think part of the reason -- do you think that the unsigned accounts are on an underlying basis growing at a faster rate than the key accounts?
Michael J. Kneeland: I would say that is growing. Certainly, it's growing on a year-over-year basis. As you know that the residential market is starting to heal. That's going to add to the to that mix and something we don't participate in. But inside of that, what we're trying to articulate is that the localized customers takes a lot more touches. And we -- and it's feeder based. There are very attractive customers inside of that group that we'd like to hold on to. And as we went through the integration, we wanted to make sure that we stabilized and captured our most profitable customers and get everyone on the same page. And as Matt stated earlier, we're now pivoting and going after what we believe inside of that group is profitable. And typically, small-end projects are going to ramp up quicker, and you're going to see higher results sooner. It takes a while to plan for a convention center or a sports stadium or a hotel or a power plant. It doesn't happen overnight. Whereas if you want to do spot remodeling or do some landscaping, that's real time and doesn't take a lot of effort to get that up and running. So some of it may be phased in over time. But we think our end market, given what we're seeing in the ABI Index, is going to provide very nice growth in the future.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. The second thing I just wanted to get a little more clarity on, on the synergy side of things, could you walk through what portion would be attributable to cost of rent, what might be other aspects of COGS that are non-rental related and what was SG&A?
William B. Plummer: Sure thing, Ted. If you take the $53 million, $24 million of that was cost of rent saves and the remainder $29 million was SG&A saves.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: It was. And so I guess what I'm trying to square up is, if I were to say the underlying SG&A rate was, I think, 160 reported, plus 29. You get to 189. Can you just bridge this year-on-year, where those incremental costs came from on a pro forma basis?
William B. Plummer: So, Ted, I don't have the detail and you don't have the patience for me to go through every department line. But we do break down our synergies by functional department at corporate and by the SG&A roles in the field. And it's really too much detail to go through. And quite honestly, I don't know that it adds a lot of value for discussion. If there are specific areas that you're interested in, I guess we can talk about them broadly. But we don't have a sort of a useful digestible summary to talk about right here and now.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. I can take it offline.
William B. Plummer: Yes, that's probably best.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi.
Manish A. Somaiya - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Manish Somaiya from Citi. A couple of questions. One is on market share. We have had a couple of regional issuers come to the high-yield market, and they've all kind of said that they've gained customers from your transition. And I just wanted to kind of get your thoughts, was this clever pruning on your part or is there something more?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I think that there was some pruning on our part. Clearly, as we went through and consolidated our locations, there was a component of walk-in business that we knew we weren't going to retain. So that's something that we willing to sacrifice as we went forward. As you know, part of our strategy is that longer-term customer to benefit from our broad footprint and more of the regional and national account. 11.5% growth in the key account, I would tell you we think that we're outperforming the market. So could they in certain markets? Yes, absolutely. At the results of our closures, that could be had. There again, on rental rates, we want to make sure that we're getting the right return for our business. And that's an area that -- everyone's raising their rates. But we believe our rates, according to the Rouse data, is primarily one of the highest, if not the highest, according to their market survey. So in those areas, yes, you're going to expect some leakage.
Manish A. Somaiya - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. And then just clearly, I mean, the transaction with RSC was a game changer. We're seeing all the synergies flow-through. But can you just help us understand the synergies that someone like a URI would have acquiring a small regional player?
Michael J. Kneeland: Again, I go back to my fundamentals of why you would do an acquisition. One would be, strategically, does it make sense? So strategically, is it in a market we don't serve? Is it a product we don't serve? Do they have a heavier component and, say, earthmoving than we don't have today? Is it something more industrial? Is it more related to the power HVAC tools or the trench business, so that we can broaden our footprint quicker and get a higher return? That would be one. So strategically, that -- it has to fit that bucket. The other bucket would be is, economically, does it make sense? Is there enough synergies? Can we buy it in a point where it makes sense to our shareholders? And then the last one is going to be culture. There are companies that answer the first 2 but the cultures are so different. It's very hard to blend cultures that are miles apart, and it's fraught with risk. So we tend to look at all 3 of those as we think about acquisitions.
Manish A. Somaiya - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just finally, clearly, there's some long runway on the domestic front for you. How do you think about potentially analyzing entering certain international markets?
Michael J. Kneeland: I always get that question, and I answer it by saying that North America's still the largest market. We're still in the teens when it comes to market share. We still have ways to go to fully integrate the acquisition. And as I mentioned, there are segments like the power HVAC tools and trench that we can integrate with our current customer portfolio. That being said, we do have customers who have been knocking on our door, asking us to go because of our value proposition. When we think that we've exhausted our opportunities here and our customers, the valuation to our customers is so great. I think that we'll have to look at it. But right here and now, North America's still the largest opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Have you seen any disparity in rental revenue performance between industrial and construction end markets in the quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, Matt can talk specifically. But typically, the industrial is a -- has -- there's 2 ways of looking at it. There's shutdowns, which are planned, and then there's new construction. We do know there's a lot of new construction that is planned. We're seeing an insurgence of chemical companies. We're seeing automotive expansion not only in the big 3, but also in foreign investment. We're seeing expansion in other areas. It takes time to get them up and running. It's good -- we're happy to say that the book of business that we see is relatively strong in that segment, but there is a phase-in effect. The way I look at it is you see residential grow. You're going to see smaller construction grow. And then you start seeing commercial, which requires engineering and drawings and a process for bidding, grow. And then you see the industrial grow as well.
Nicholas A. Coppola - Thompson Research Group, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And then, I guess, question on the cost side. I guess, one more focus on reducing OEC not available this year than in the past. And then, I guess, the second part of that, what kind of benefits do you expect to see from the greater focus?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I will tell you that one of the things that we learn in the best-in-class with RSC was they were very good at not available for rent. They did a system called Spin. We have workbench. We're a combination of 2. We're rolling that out. What does it benefit or how does it benefit us with $7.2 billion of fleet? If we can take that down and get 2 points of fleet that's available for rent and put it out on rent, that's a sizable amount of cash. And so it helps our returns. And so again, it's part of that best-in-class practice that we learned. We're implementing it, and we're rolling it out throughout the organization.
Matthew J. Flannery: Yes, I agree with Mike. It also gives us an opportunity to maybe push limits of our peak time utilization during peak periods. Because if we're able to turn fleet quicker, we can say yes to more customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray.
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the earlier question on mix. Could you give us additional details on what specific items will help reduce the negative mix impact on rental revenues in 2013 versus 2012?
William B. Plummer: So we touched a little bit on re-rent and ancillary, and the year-over-year comparisons in re-rent and ancillary could be a little bit of a help as we go through the year. Re-rent, right, once we close the deal in the early part of the second quarter last year is when we started that effort to displace re-rents. And so that effect was starting to play out in the second, third, fourth quarter last year. And so when compared to that, this year, it may not be as much of a drag as it was in the first quarter. I think as we come into the seasonally more active time of the year, the impact of some of the day, week and month mix or the shift to monthly on a year-over-year basis might go down as you have a little bit more of the seasonal work that starts to pop up. So that could be a positive. What else? Anything else, Matt, that you can think of that we can throw out there?
Matthew J. Flannery: No, I think you covered it.
William B. Plummer: Yes. So I mean, I think it's items like that we look at and we say, "Okay, a lot of headwind in the first quarter." But as we see the quarters play out, that will reduce as we go through the year.
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And as you're adding to the sales force, how should we think about the impact to margin growth?
Matthew J. Flannery: So as far as from a cost prospective, that employee base is 80%, plus variable, so -- and we have it built into our plan. I think we had 130 additional reps built into our plan, and we may peak out at 150. So that variance of 20 reps is not going to be material. And as far as revenue, we're really expecting to hope to see that in the back half the year and more importantly, in 2014 and beyond. Part of adding these new reps is an R&D project. We went to home-grow a lot of these reps. And we think that by bringing in new talent not just to the company, but to the industry, we could really get some long-term positive effects from that.
George K. Tong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Got it. And then lastly, could tell us what your progress is in achieving revenue synergies this year and where the opportunity is coming from?
Michael J. Kneeland: So George, we haven't published a number. But as we think about the revenue synergies drivers, we've made some good progress in areas like displacing re-rents. That's been an important revenue synergy driver, and we do track it. We've made some important progress in the harmonization of contracts between the legacy RSC contracts and the legacy United Rentals, where that work is essentially done. A few lingering contracts are out there yet to be finalized but essentially done. And we can track the changes in rate and other terms from the old contracts to the new and identify revenue synergies from those changes. And there are several others that we track. The challenge we have in putting a number out there is that the revenue dis-synergies that occur are hard to quantify. Really hard to say what did I lose as a result of the integration of our 2 companies. So one concrete example is we closed a lot of branches as part of the consolidation work. Exactly how much walk-in business did I lose that hasn't come back yet? That's very hard to put a number on. And so we're spending a lot of time thinking about how we should think about that dis-synergy offset to the revenue synergies that are reasonably straightforward to calculate before we start talking about a concrete number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi from Bank of America.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just wondering, just broadly, I mean, do you think there's a lot of pent-up demand in the second quarter based on the weather impact from the first quarter?
Matthew J. Flannery: I think that the demand that we're seeing early here in the second quarter, I would characterize as strong. I would feel that we've had a great first 2 weeks to the quarter, right on plan. But this is the normal seasonal build that we expect in the strong environment, and I do feel we're in that strong environment. I wouldn't really call it pent-up. I think the major projects that would create that demand, as Mike had stated earlier, really need a lot more planning than to get too far thrown off tilt by 2 or 3 weeks of bad weather. We -- I hope to see that maybe in that unassigned, and that's why we want to make sure we're touching those customers, more of the small projects that we didn't see kick off in Q1. It'd be nice to see that pick up and that would be a surprise. But other than that, I wouldn't see a pent-up demand effect.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just on rental, clearly, it's been a bright spot in the broader machinery industry overall. I mean, imagine there've got to be other folks that are clawing to squeeze a little bit more into rental business. Now are you seeing any signs of increased competition? And what are your expectations on the size of the fleet and just overall fleet growth in any of your key categories in 2013?
Matthew J. Flannery: So as we depicted about our $1.5 billion gross capital spend and what does that add, almost $500 million to our fleet, we feel that, that's a consistent growth pattern for us over the next couple of years. We're not seeing anybody work above that pattern that concerns us, specifically in the local markets. We're seeing some fleet replacement, which is great to see. A lot of people have been conserving capital over the last couple of years. But we're not seeing any ultra-aggressive growth in any of our individual markets that shows new players coming in.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, the only thing I would say is where we're spending capital, as you can imagine, is in the power HVAC and in the tools section and also trench as we continue to feed the growth that we're seeing in those markets. But beyond that, I think it's going to be pretty much the same of what you've seen in the past.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just on power and HVAC. Can you just talk a little bit more about specifically what have been the drivers more recently in the growth you're seeing? And where is rental penetration now for things like small generators relative your overall business?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, the power HVAC is different than the small generators. It's really a larger-sized generator. It's more of a system than just a generator. So what's driving it for us is we said the harmonization that we have with the contracts that opens the doors where typically the requirements were met by third party. But also, we can now pursue that, and we can pursue it with confidence that we can get more of that business. And in fact, we are. So we're continuing to do that greenfield starts by expanding our portfolio so that we can serve those customers is another avenue. On the tools side, it's really -- it's a whole new system of rolling it out. United Rentals is very good in larger construction projects, whereas RSC was very good in the industrial side. So taking that tool opportunity and deploying that into some of our larger customers. And it's a benefit for them. We're solving it. It's a solution to a problem. It's efficient. We're in, we're out, and we can track everything. So those -- the growth on that is really opening the eyes and cross-selling across our portfolio of customers and our geographic footprint.
Ross P. Gilardi - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just lastly, on the balance sheet, I mean, it seems pretty clear you're focused on generating a lot of cash this year and deleveraging the balance sheet. Is there a number in terms of a debt to EBITDA where you would realistically have to get to before you would consider another medium to sizable acquisition?
William B. Plummer: Ross, we don't think about it as a target that we would hit before we do an acquisition. I think Mike articulated how we think about the acquisitions earlier. If we line up those 3 criteria, strategy, economic attractiveness and sort of culture integration risk, and we can rationalize that we're not putting ourselves in a significantly disadvantageous leverage position, we won't shy away from doing acquisitions that make sense. That said, the hurdle is pretty high. And we think we've been pretty disciplined about when we do, do acquisitions in the past, and we'll continue to be disciplined going forward. So I don't know that there is a litmus test of leverage that would say, yes or no, we'll do an acquisition. It just depends on what the opportunity is that's in front of us. That said, we do have an overall strategy on the balance sheet in terms of leverage of being between 2.5x and 3.5x debt to EBITDA. We'll be at 3x by the end of this year, and that gives us plenty of room to do acquisitions and still be true to that approach to the balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Michael, can you talk about whether you're seeing greater pricing momentum in your monthly book of business or on the shorter term side? Obviously, the shorter term business led the rental rate recovery, and I'm wondering if you're now seeing the monthly momentum accelerating faster than the shorter term rates.
Michael J. Kneeland: As far as -- it's harder to quantify that, number one. Number two, I would just say that the monthly rates take time because we have contracts that are outstanding. And as they come off rent, you can re-class them and come out with a higher rate. It's safe to say that our monthly rates continue to improve as we would expect. And as Bill mentioned, to the harmonization was also an uplift that we've seen. We continue -- the day and week, the day is more spot and weekly is less so between the 2. We have the system in place that monitors it, and it enables us to manage it very efficiently. And so I don't know if there's -- if I perfectly answered your question. But the monthly continues to improve.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to flesh out the cost synergy discussion a bit more, Bill, if you don't mind. Did the pace of SG&A savings really accelerate this quarter? I guess, I was under the impression that early on, you got the cost of rent savings really quickly. And I'm wondering, did the SG&A accelerate this quarter because that $29 million is pretty significant here?
William B. Plummer: Yes, I'd say most of the SG&A saves happened early on. Right? Most of them came in the form of headcount actions and other actions that you can just do and be done with, and so I would say they did not accelerate. The one SG&A item that maybe got a little better this quarter is the impact on our bad debt expense. But the other SG&A items, I don't think you could say accelerated in any significant way during the quarter. It's the operating, the expense saves, the cost of rent saves that will build -- will continue to build to take us up to the fully developed impact that we talked about, $230 million to $250 million annualized. So that's the way I'd think about it. But in terms of the first quarter, SG&A, they built but it wasn't a major ramp-up, if I remember the numbers correctly.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And lastly, Bill, on Slide 11, when you talked about SG&A, is that a combination of the corporate overhead and other efficiency bucket? Can you just define that for us?
William B. Plummer: It's the corporate overhead, it's the field overhead, those areas combine. The other efficiencies are primarily operating and procurement saves. So in that breakdown that we gave you, the SG&A stuff is those 2 overhead slices.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to management for any further remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Please be sure to go on to our website and download the latest presentation. There are a few extra slides in there that I think you'll find useful. And as always, please feel free to call us in Greenwich if you want to discuss anything more in detail or if you'd like to take a branch tour at one of our locations throughout North America. Again, thank you, and look forward to our next call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mike Kneeland  President and CEO Bill Plummer  EVP and CFO Matt Flannery  EVP and COO Irene Moshouris  SVP and Treasurer
Analysts:  Set Weber  RBC Capital David Raso  ISI Group Joe Box  KeyBanc Nick Coppola  Thompson Research Ted Grace  Susquehanna George Tong  Piper Jaffray Timothy Thein  Citigroup Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is indicated in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer and Matthew Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks, operator and good morning, everyone, and welcome. With me today as operated stated is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer; Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officer and other members of our senior management team. Typically on the fourth quarter call, Ill summarize the key results and then turn to the coming year and I know this is all adventurous in our operating and volume and well certainly address that today. But I also want to touch on the broader invocations of our fourth quarter results. 2012 as you know it, was not a typical year for us and I think its important to view the quarter in that light. First, the results we reported were clearly strong finish to a very good financial year, a year which we transformed the company for superior returns. In addition to the merger with RSC, were also successful executing our strategy in an expanding marketplace. Second, the numbers reflect a substantial progress, we made on the integration for the beneficial effect on margin and the alignment of our operations is now largely complete and were working together as one. Bear in mind that the merger happened less than a year ago and we realized some significant efficiencies in the brief time. In the fourth quarter, we captured another $42 million of cost synergies bringing the total to $104 million for the year. Before I recap the numbers, Ill remind you that any year-over-year comparisons I give you are on a pro forma basis, as measure against the combined results of the United Rentals and RSC for 2011. On the top line, our rental revenue for the quarter was up about 90% year-over-year and total revenue was up more than 7%. Our adjusted EBITDA was $553 million for the quarter and a 44% margin, thats 580 basis points higher than the same period last year. And our flow through was a very robust 125% for the quarter. These results stand on their own, but they become even more meaningful as a part of our trend towards superior performance. Now, over the past year, as you know weve used these calls to explain how were becoming more discipline in running the business from value creation and each quarter the poof was in numbers and the fourth quarter was no different. A number of factors worked in our favor including a modest improvement in the construction environment in 2012, a continuing trend toward market penetration, which is increasing the size of the industry pie, and a robust user core market. Now within our won company, we had a more balanced mix of rental revenue with non-construction accounting for about 50% of our business and effective focus on key accounts with the application of our technology for their needs. A 7% increase in the volume of in our rent and a 6% increase in our rates we charged for our equipment. Time utilization was 68.7% which although lower than last year was still very strong in our much larger fleet and the ongoing optimization or our field operations, in the fourth quarter, we closed 14 branches, nearly all of them merger related. So we had a mix of factors, most of which were created to our own networks and some presented by the microenvironment. But in every case, we were intensely opportunistic and making these factors work to our advantage. And in the final months of 2012, our regions were still dealing with the tail end of the integration, but even so, they turned in very solid performance. 13 of our 14 regions had year-over-year growth in rental revenue for the quarter and 13 regions had year-over-year increase in rental rates. Of those 13, a 11 regions had a quarterly sequential rate increases, so demand held up going into the off season. Rental revenues from key accounts grew 14% year-over-year and within that group, national accounts grew 16%. Another shining star was our trend, safety, power in HVAC business. It had an extremely strong quarter. Revenue from specially rentals grew 37% reflecting demand for construction, industrial and emergency response application. So, thats a quick snapshot, and Matt is here and we available during our Q&A to answer any questions about our field operations and the integration. I want to talk to you about 2013 and give you our insights. As you saw our outlook, were projecting strong growth in both revenues and adjusted EBITDA and very strong free cash flow. Our expectations for rates and utilization are in line with demand that were seeing for our services. And we feel confident that we can drive more improvement in rates, while increasing time utilization year-over-year. And we plan to do this, while investing over $1 billion of net rental CapEx to our fleet. A several years ago during the worst of the downturn, it was extremely difficult to plan our current market conditions. And were operating in a very murky economy, but to a lesser degree thats still true. Nevertheless our projections for 2012 were on the money and that puts exactly where we expected to be in 2013. Now the end markets that are showing signs of growth, especially in oil and gas and power sectors and we see continued trend toward secular penetration driven by the growing appreciation for the economic benefits are raining and we have a broader deeper value proposition that we can now bring to market. Time and again, our senior customers come to the realization that theyre wasting money by owning fleet that sits idle. And these customers see rental as a sound business strategy, which should continue to elevate demand and the recovery. Now if you with us on our Investor Day in December, you know that we feel that were still in a very early stage for a meaningful recovery. The macro consensus seems to be in line with global insight, which estimates the U.S. equipment rental industry to grow by 8% in 2013 and by 11% in 2014. In private non-res construction, which accounts for half of our business is projected to grow about 6% in the U.S. in 2013 with accelerated growth in 2014 and we think these are all reasonable forecasts and are supported by our own customer surveys as well as surveys from other sources that serve in the same markets as we do. Also we agree with forecasters who think most of the market momentum in 2013 will come in the back half of the year. This is all good news, but Ill reinforce something Ive said in the past, we believe our strategy, our scale and our customer service will keep us growing faster than our end markets. And I want to spend a minute on customer service because its  were very serious about service as a differentiator. We know the attributes of great service are in the rental business, and weve built up a lot of credibility by focusing on those attributes. We track them at branch, district and region levels through metrics that measured customer service, fleet management and process efficiencies. And if a branch starts to slip on its on-time delivery, a manager knows it very quickly or if a district is having with the particular metric, are people who are on it. We also have companywide goals in 2013, like a more streamline rental process and a metric called OEC unavailable for rent and were very focused on improving that number. We are also running a tight ship when it comes to the safety. And Im proud to say that we had a full year pro forma recordable rate of 1.4 for 2012 and thats our best safety record performance yet. Moreover 84% of our branches had zero recordables for the year and as far as we know thats the best safety record in the industry, and were going to keep driving all of our branches towards zero. So what else you see from us in 2013, great question. You will see us continue to focus on technology including total control system or identifying key accounts, we can benefit total control to help them lower their equipment costs. You also see us rule out the mature model to more markets. This model uses dedicated repair hubs and essentially managed field services to improve our margins in high density areas. We now have 20 successful implementations of our mature model in cities in Toronto and San Diego. With another 20  excuse me another 15 or so planned for this year. We also go hard after remain of the synergies targeted, when we merge with RSC and we continue to expect we will reach a fully developed run rate between $230 million and $250 million of cost synergies in 2014 and we have plans to reduce our leverage that Bill will discuss. The operating cash flow characteristics of our business are very strong and the timing of the merger has dovetailed nicely with market projections. So, when our favorable position reduced our leverage. Most important you will see us continue to deliver on our promise of improved profitability and higher margins. We just with our Branch Managers at our annual management meeting in Minneapolis earlier this month. Our managers are energized by the merger and hungry for growth. I think we all came away from that meeting that we are ready to take on the world. One year ago, I stood here and told you that 2012 was not just about the deals we would make or the forecast we put out there. I said about we are delivering on our promise and to drive returns and you saw us deliver on that promise in 2012. Now, the bar is still higher and the stakes are bigger. And you can expect us to deliver again on 2013. Now, I close in that thought, and return it over to Bill for the financial results and then after that well take your questions. So, now over to you, Bill.
Bill Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good morning to everyone. As always, Ill try to add a little bit more color to the quarter and the year that we just reported and also spend a little bit more time on our guidance for 2013. But before I get started, let me just remind everyone what Michael said that all of our discussion here is about our pro forma forecasted or actual performance, anything thats not pro forma, well call out as we go through. So, let me start with our rental revenue performance for the quarter, up 8.7% year-over-year with good contributions from rate and volume as always. Rates were up 6% over the comparable quarter last year, and they were up eight-tenths of a percent sequentially versus third quarter of 2012. That brought us to a full year rental rate performance of 6.9%, very consistent with our guidance of about 70%. If you look at volume and time utilization, we had nice growth in overall volume in the year; what we see on rent, which is our measured volume was up 7.2% in the quarter, to an average of $5 billion of OEC on rent, clearly reflecting what is an overall strong demand environment and certainly reflecting the investment that weve been putting in our fleet over the last year, year and half or so. Time utilization on that OEC on rent was 68.7% in the quarter and that by any measure a very strong level of utilization for the fourth quarter. It certainly consisted with the demand that weve seen, consistent with the ability to deliver price and certainly is a focus of how we manage our business. It is down 90 basis points from the fourth quarter of the prior year, but Ill remind everyone that thats less of a year-over-year decline than what we have seen in the prior couple of quarters. And again, we remind you of the discussion that weve had about the impact of the integration, the branch consolidations that weve gone through, we are continuing to call back our leveraging of the fleet from that upheaval and were making very good progress and I think that  thats smaller decline in year-over-year utilization demonstrates that. For the full year, our time utilization was 57.5% and that was down only 30 basis points from 2011 and again Ill remind you that, that was on a larger fleet. The overall fleet, average fleet size for 2012 was up about 12% or roughly $770 million of incremental fleet and certainly putting that to work very effectively explains that 67.5% utilization across the year. Before I move on to the profitability, just a word on our used equipment sales results for the quarter. We had a very strong quarter and indeed a very strong year for used equipment sales. In the quarter, we generated a $141 million of proceeds from used sales, had a very robust 39.7% adjusted gross margin and again thats the adjusted margin excluding the impact of the step-up in basis due to the merger accounting. The margin reflects really a very, very strong performance in the channel mix. We had a great year as we drove more of our sales through our retail channel, 56% of our sales in the quarter were through our retail channel and thats up almost six percentage points from that channel share last year and you all know that we get our best results in that retail channels. So, great success there, were having great success in accessing overall used equipment demand and that certainly portends well for our used sales going forward, which will continue to be robust. Let me move now to profitability and start there with adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $553 million, and that was at a margin of 44.3%, so that represents an improvement of the $104 million of absolute EBITDA dollars. And thats 580 basis points better in margin than the prior year. For the full year, adjusted EBITDA came in at a $1.988 billion. And the margin for the full year was 42.6%. For that full year, that represents almost $500 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA, $490 million and 650 basis points more in margin than the same period in 2011, full year 2011. Flow-through for the quarter, which we defined is the change in adjusted EBITDA divided by the change in total revenue. Flow-through was an outstanding 125% for the quarter. If you look at the full year, we had another great result in flow-through, 93% flow-through for the full year. Then margin and flow-through performance overall reflects the strong and great environment clearly, but also obviously reflects the impacts of the synergies that we realized from the integration. Even if you exclude the synergies though, the flow-through story is still pretty robust. So, flow-through still had 74% impact in the quarter, if you exclude the synergies. And for the full year, its comparable about 73% flow-through for the full year if you exclude the synergies that we realized in the course of the year. If you move down to EPS on a profit basis, our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.27 and its worth pointing out that $1.27 reflects an underlying tax rate that was just under 30%, 29.5% to be precise. If you look at our GAAP, tax provision for the quarter, you see that we actually reported a tax benefit of about 5% on a GAAP basis, but that benefit is really driven by the effect of a couple of key items in the quarter. So, we had, you all know a refinancing of our 10, seven, eight notes during the course of the quarter and we reported a loss for the premium pay to refinance that issue, that loss was recognized in the United States as a deduction and therefore push down the U.S. pre-tax income very significantly and our tax  our effective tax rate as result mix more significantly toward Canada, which you all know has a lower tax rate. So, that was a very significant mix impact that drove down the underlying tax rate on a GAAP basis, but it was further exacerbated by the fact that we had favorable settlements of tax audits really around the states and in particular in Canada during the quarter. So the discreet items there were very, very favorable for the tax impact in the quarter and that was a significant part of driving that 5% tax benefit in the quarter. All in all though the EPS performance on yield basis is pretty strong. As I said, the $1.27 reflects about a 30% tax rate even if you wanted to use the 35% tax rate, our view of adjusted EPS would still be in that $1.17, $1.18 area. So, a good strong EPS performance. Let me move to integration just briefly and talk about the $42 million of synergies that we realized in the quarter, a very robust integration performance that has been the case and we believe, were comfortably on track to deliver what weve talked about is $230 million to $250 million of fully developed cost synergies. And the contributions were pretty solid across all the different areas of synergy deliver in the fourth quarter. So, the $42 million brought us to $104 million. As Mike said, our synergies in the fourth quarter and it sets this up very nicely to continue to drive those synergies through 2013. Before I move to the outlook for 2013, let me just touch on free cash flow and capital structure and liquidity briefly. Free cash flow, this is the only measure that, that Ill talk about. Thats not pro-forma adjusted. We report free cash flow on an as reported basis and that number came in for the full year at $223 million of cash usage. Keep in mind  excuse me, keep in mind that includes the impact of all the restructuring and merger related payments that we made in cash. That impact was about a $150 million at cash. So, if you net out the $150 million of merger related cost, we had a free cash flow usage of $73 million for the year and that is within the range that we guided to between minus $25 million and minus $75 million for the full year. Turn to our capital structure and liquidity. We finished the year with the total of $782 million with total liquidity, within that $654 million was ABL capacity and the remainder was cash and our AR facility and I remind everyone that as I mentioned just a couple of minutes, during the quarter we redeemed our 10 (inaudible) notes and incurred a significant interest expense charge to do that, roughly $72 million was the impact that played through our P&L. Before we move to Q&A just on 2013 outlook, just briefly. Since Mike hit the high numbers just a little color. We put the revenue on the range of $4.9 billion to $5.1 billion, thats total revenue. Within that the rental revenue performance we expect to be driven by our rental rate expectation at 4.5% year-over-year that includes a carryover impact in where we finished 2012 of about 2%. For time utilization, we are expecting about 68% for the year, thats a 50 basis point in improvement for the year and again continues to reflect the focus that we put on driving our utilization performance. Reducing the fleet unavailable for rent as Mike pointed out will be an important focus there and certainly that will help us drive utilization more effectively without having to invest capital underneath it. Adjusted EBITDA for the year, we expect to be between $2.250 billion and $2.350 billion for the year so midpoint of $2.3 billion. Our net rental capital expenditures, we expect to be just over a $1 billion, a $1.50 billion and that reflects roughly $1.5 billion of gross rental CapEx and the difference being proceeds from used sales. Full year free cash flow for the year, we expect to be between $400 million and $500 million and as weve discussed in the past well use that primarily to reduce our leverage. On leverage we certainly expect a significant move during the course of 2013, were right now saying that based on the guidance that were providing that we should finish the year at right about three times debt to EBITDA and it will be that number whether we use any of the cash proceeds to finish out our share repurchase program or not. So a very nice deleveraging coming during the course of 2013. Those are the key points that I would make right here and now there are plenty of other topics that we can talk about in Q&A. So certainly look forward to your questions, we can move to that now. Operator, lets open it for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Set Weber from RBC Capital. Your question please.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mike Kneeland: Good morning.
Bill Plummer: Good morning.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: I just wanted to get a sense for how committed you are to holding the line on this $1 billion net CapEx number. What sort of the optimal mix here if you can get 68.5% utilization and keep the 4.5% rate, I mean would that trigger a higher CapEx number or how are you thinking about the balance there, because your 68% number would actually be above what youve done the last couple of years.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, this is Mike. Ill answer at this way. Look we are trying to drive profitable growth, if I were to see both rate and time, start to accelerate, I have no hesitation to spend more, but I would like to see the both of those come into play. And the other thing is I would say is that  a lot of free cash flow and weve got a lot of blue-sky in order to meet customer demand.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: I mean as youre looking at your guidance, would you think that there is more relative upside to the rate number or to the utilization and which would push  would you prefer to push rate I guess versus utilization if you had a choice.
Mike Kneeland: I think you know me. I would tell you that obviously rate is near and dear to my heart has the biggest flow through and the highest potential for our margin expansion. And I think that, thats a fair statement. So, rate I think, if you go back last year, we started out the year saying 2005, we ended up just here underneath 2007. We will continue to focus on it. We are going to continue to drive it and I think the team is low equipped. We got tools. As I stated in my opening comments, were now a unit as one and were going to focus on that.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: And are you seeing anything from a competitive standpoint, are the smaller independent guys refleeting or they becoming more aggressive with pricing or is everybody kind of being rational here?
Matt Flannery: Hey Set, this is Matt. Overall, I think everybody is being very rational. And you know the national players are in much the same mode that we are and I think the rest of the industry is following suit and thats good for the entire industry. So, Im very comfortable and encouraged by that.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: I mean, but do you get the sense, the smaller guys are refleeting or they based on capital constrained.
Matt Flannery: No, Ive not seen a trend there at all.
Set Weber  RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group. Your question please.
David Raso  ISI Group: Hi, good morning.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso  ISI Group: Two bigger picture questions. You keep referring to global insights outlook for 2013, but the guidance youre giving appears to be no better than the industry outlook, so Im just trying to see how youre framing the year end, you keep referring to your ability to penetrate and take share but your guidance is really only in line with  that seems like how youre viewing the industry. So, can you just sit back for a second and explain us why you dont think youll be able to outgrow the industry this year?
Mike Kneeland: I think David, the way which we look at the world, you can parse out the numbers however you want but we believe that were going to outpace the industry this year. As I stated, and I continue to state whether its driving profitable growth, but dont lose focus on the fact that our key accounts and our national accounts grew at very nice numbers and those are the areas that we continue to focus on, and youre going to see us put more effort on growing that segment of the business.
David Raso  ISI Group: Im trying to backdoor and to build town as the rental revenue growth for the year, because if you look at the implied used equipment sales, which is obviously the second biggest driver to your revenues, that implied to be up nearly 13%. Total revenues were implied only up 7%. So, Im just trying to get a feel are we thinking that rental revenues were up, 7, 8, 9, and 10, Im just trying to get a feel for that, and then the segue question is, were implying the core incremental EBITDA margins, forget about the synergies, dropping at 1,000 basis points year-over-year from roughly 73, 74, down to an implied 63. So, Im just trying to get a feel for why are the incremental margins be 1,000 basis points lower and again why the rental revenue, maybe its not faster than the industry, but if you can help us in any way with those two questions it would be appreciated.
Bill Plummer: So, David, its Bill. What I would say on the rental revenue growth is, its at a certain level, its a systematical question about outperform the industry. We do have a rental revenue growth within that center point $5 billion revenue number that we gave. That is an excess of anything that weve heard from forecasting services for the industry in the year and we havent given the exact number, but you can back into it reasonably close. I think you would have to know a little bit more about our assumptions for contractor supplies new equipment and so on in order to get super-precise. But we feel very comfortable in saying that we will outperform the industry in the year and thats what underlies that guidance. In terms of the flow-through performance and the change versus last year, we view 63% as being very robust flow-through performance when you exclude the impact of synergies. Thats  if you look back over the history of the company and the industry, I think you have to say that  thats a good level of performance, it is as good as the 73,74 range that we were in 2012, clearly not, but I think what we got in 2012, its hard to imagine that youre going to be able to sustain forever. We dont have as much rate realization assumed for 2013 as we actually had in 2012. That backs off the flow-through impact. We arent putting as much fleet in on a percentage basis in 2013 as we did in 2012 and you know the benefit of flowing more fleets through the fixed cost basis pretty significant. So, that would back off your flow-through in 2013. So, when you start parsing through the things that  that we wouldnt have there on our 2013 forecast, compared to what we had in 2012. Its not shocking to me that our flow through ex-synergies would be down and we can have a robust debate about how much they should be down. But we feel good about 63% ex-synergies based on what we expect for the year.
David Raso  ISI Group: Yeah. Im not denying to get absolute numbers. I was just wondering, you closed 187 stores over six months stretch. I have to believe that would hurt the flow through to some degree. But I guess youre seeing the other items, you cited more than offset the positives of 2013 wont have those branch closures?
Mike Kneeland: Yeah. I think along with the branch closures, there were variety of activities going on. Ill tell you, one of the things that benefited 2012 for example is as youre going through those consolidations and figuring out new responsibilities and how things are going to work, there is a level of uncertainty thats introduced the cost  some people to say, you know what? Im going to hold off on adding head count even though, I know that I might need to add head count. So, in that environment, ex-synergies  you might actually be operating a little bit understaffed relative to where you otherwise should be. Thats not going to be as much of an impact in 2013. At least were not forecasting it to be. And so thats part of the story that causes ex-synergy flow through the back half a little big. But please dont lose sight of the fact that 63% is still pretty good.
David Raso  ISI Group: No, thats all fair. Right, I appreciate it. And quickly just on tax rate for 2013?
Mike Kneeland: Were saying the upper half of the 30s. So, 35, 36, 37, in that area.
David Raso  ISI Group: Thank you very much.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hey, Joe.
Joe Box  KeyBanc: Hey, good morning, guys.
Mike Kneeland: Good morning.
Joe Box  KeyBanc: Mike, question for you on your metro model. I think you mentioned earlier that youre looking at about 20 current implementations and then maybe another 15 or so this year. I guess, one is that full opportunity and two, what percentage of your overall markets might fit within this type of model?
Mike Kneeland: Im not sure. Im going to ask him, because hes deeply involved in it. So, Matt?
Matt Flannery: Great. Joe its  so, its 20 that are already implemented and another 15 that weve got planned to rollout. Theres probably another 10 to 12 after that. If you look at branch count, which  it is necessarily tied the revenue, its about 50% of our footprint. It is condensed enough to take opportunities of shared services that the Metro Model offers. I dont know if that answers your question, but weve been encouraged by the results of the models we had, and obviously the longer ones, and ones that have been in place in early first quarter 2012 have significantly better metrics than the company average. So, were very encouraged by that.
Joe Box  KeyBanc: Thats  thats perfect. And then I know at your Analyst Day you talked about one to three points of EBITDA improvements from this. Is that still fitting for the some of the other markets, did you plan to roll this out this out too?
Mike Kneeland: Yes. So were not certain yet, but if we  if we make the assumption that we took the biggest opportunities first, which would be a safe assumption, weve probably frontloaded that and some of the additional markets that we rollout, you dont have as much density in. So, the scale may have some effect on where youre going to fall between that 1% to 3% range, but we expect to be in that range.
Joe Box  KeyBanc: Excellent. Maybe one more for you real quick. Can you just dig into some of the moving pieces that would drive upside or downside to the 4.5% of rental rate guidance? And maybe just to add to that, it looks like both used and new equipment prices are well above the prior peak as opposed to the rental rates that are still below. How does new and used price play into your ability to raise rental rates, and I guess, is it normal for rental rates to lag this for behind?
Mike Kneeland: So  to your last question, I dont feel that the new used pricing really has an effect on our rental rate whatsoever. Its in the big scheme of things, its not a driver for the  for end users, so the rental still such an attractive value versus all the cost that come along with owning, I dont think thats part of a decision process. Your first question was about 4.5% rate, and if I recall what the opportunity is, weve pegged 4.5, because thats it we think. If you look at the 2% carryover that we referred too, and then the figure at first quarter, some of the middle quarters are where we have our opportunity, we make some sequential assumptions that get us to that 4.5% rate that we are very comfortable with. If the demand picks up sooner, Mike had said earlier, the second half of the year we feel stronger. If we see the demand in the first half of the year increase more than weve forecasted, we will  I think we have proven in the past, we wont hold off on getting that opportunity. And that can very well show up in rate. Yeah, the other thing I would say just  look were trying to be as transparent as we possibly can. Were trying to make sure that everyone can try to look at how we see the world and the metrics to go behind the revenue that were putting out there. So to the extent, its a balancing act as Matt mentioned and we are going to continue to drive rate, its  this is an industry that has to get over its cost of capital and to the cycle, and thats what were focused on.
Joe Box  KeyBanc: Sounds good. Thanks guys. Take care.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research.
Nick Coppola  Thompson Research: How are you doing?
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Nick.
Nick Coppola  Thompson Research: I want to ask about the impact of Hurricane Sandy, is there anything you can quantify there.
Matt Flannery: Yeah, Nick this is Matt, we had in the fourth quarter about $6 million of revenue that was directly  was a result of the impact of Sandy. There is about a third of that, that remains on rent today. So not a large number. As far as forward looking the start have been now starting to come in as far as the construction planning starts now that the  the government since approved the funding specifically for the Jersey Shore, but we forecast maybe $20 million, $25 million of additional what we see on rent in those affected areas so it will be big in that in those communities and in that area and well play a big role, but we dont see it as a needle mover a big impact on the overall companys scale.
Nick Coppola  Thompson Research: Okay, thats helpful. And then can you also give us rate by month on a year-over-year basis?
Mike Kneeland: Yeah. Rates by month on a year-over-year for the month of October, it was 6.5%, for November it was 6.1% and for December it was 5.3% and for the full quarter it was 6% on a weighted average.
Nick Coppola  Thompson Research: Okay. And can you tell us anything about how things are turning into January?
Bill Plummer: Yeah. Ill take that one, so January is tracking as we expected both for rate and fleet on rent and time utilization. It  its started  Ill step back and say one of the things that you saw this year with Christmas being on a Tuesday as we saw the latter half of December, things softened up a little bit more than you normally would see, if Christmas were on a Monday or Friday or over the weekend so the second half of December was little softer. And so we started the year a little lower than we otherwise might have. But weve called out all that back and so January is on pace both in terms of rate and in terms of getting fleet into the market and it feels pretty good at this point.
Nick Coppola  Thompson Research: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Bill Plummer: Thank you.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Hi, guys. Congratulations on good quarter.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you, Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Michael, I saw in come back to some of your comments about the end markets, I know you commented oil and gas and power were strong. Could you frame kind of were those strongest in 2012 and would you expect that to carry into 2013 as well or do you see other groups maybe improving in a relative basis and kind of maybe get a little more granular about the end markets based on the client surveys or the other metrics that youre looking at?
Mike Kneeland: Ill start with the client survey and its a great point because our December survey of our customers, 62% of the key customers expect growth over 2012, which is up slightly from what we had in our last quarterly call. So, we take that as a takeaway from our customers confidence level is  is beginning to rein bullish and we take that as a positive. With regard to some of the industries, the power sector is still an area, where we are  we participate in, in a broad sense and we think in 2012, it will continue in 2013. We could debate whether there is a pipeline, there is an half a lot of work is being done once weve got all of the  all of the wells are drilled for natural gas and for wet gas. Its an efficient way of fuel and we see that demand.
Bill Plummer: Were also having a colder winter than last year. Unlike last year, there was more, one of pause, because there is oversupply of natural gas.
Mike Kneeland: And given that the temperatures that were  we are unfortunately going through right now, whether its rather cold thats going to I think acerbate some of the demand or the need for that fuel in energy sector. Our power grid continues to be  needs to be refurbished, thats underway, and its a long-term project. The same goes for coal and all of fossil fuel plants, their aging repairs ongoing, and then I would say that  one of the things that were seeing is more investment in the chemical side of the business, particularly in the Southwest or in the Gulf area and from foreign investment coming in here, but stable, and we have lower energy prices. And so were seeing more of that start to play out inside of our industry. Having said all that, Ill also point out that one area that were looking at markets, we dont see there is a growth in Northeast Canada, it came off of high. Its still going to grow, but not at the rate we saw historically. Western Canada will remain strong and thats  hope I answered all of your questions.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Yeah, that is helpful. And in terms of  just I was hoping to next touch on the synergies for 2013, and I dont know if this is a Matt question or Bill question or Michael, but the guidance is for step up of, I think, $96 million. Could you help us understand what that allocation looks like between COGS and SG&A, and how the realizations in 2012 split between those two buckets?
Mike Kneeland: Ted, Ill take a stab at it, and Matt certainly feel free to chime in. So, as we look at whats to come in 2013, I would say there is a majority of it that comes in cost of rent, because its  its clearly become out of areas such as operational head count metrics that we track, delivery efficiencies that quite honestly we havent recognized any synergies for as of yet, but we know that there are some benefits that are going on, we just got  get our heads around how do we capture them and calculate them. So the majority of that incremental 96 will be in the cost of rent lines of the company, that said we still dont have opportunities in SG&A. I think there is still some process changes to play out in some of the administrative areas, but it will be skewed toward cost of rent during 2013. We have been more heavily skewed toward SG&, savings so far in the $104 million that we realized in 2012, and thats just natural, right. A lot of it came out of reducing redundancies in the corporate functions, reducing sort of the management structure in the field and weve done a nice job of that, its gone very well. The stuff yet to be is going to be more  is the hardest stuff quite honestly, but stuff thats more directly tied to operation. Matt, do you want to add anything?
Matt Flannery: Bill, touched upon on it right, a lot of the operational efficiencies, you need to time to actually achieve right, so specifically as we report achieved synergies, youll see more achieved synergies from branch operations coming in 2013 than you did 2012, and well get to our 200 million achieved for the full year and that bring us to a run rate of 220 by year end 2013. So most of the achievement will be done by year end 2013, to get to our 230 and 250 fully developed plan.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Got it. The last thing I was hoping to ask is and I apologize if I missed it earlier. How should we thinking about the cadence of CapEx for 2013? Is it falls in normal splits of 60:40or?
Bill Plummer: Its  Ted, its Bill, again. Weve thought very carefully about it this year and so I think what you will see is that the cadence by quarters in 2013, will look a little bit more like what youve seen in prior years like 2011 for example then what you saw in 2012. Were very heavily frontend loaded things in 2012 roughly I think I have got the numbers here in front of me. In the first quarter we spent about 36% of our total year spend last year in the first quarter and then another 35% in the second quarter and then it went 18% and 11%. For 2013, I think you can look for us to be more like what we were in 2011, which was 19% in the first quarter of 2011. Were probably going to be around that  around that level again this year. And then the second quarter may not be dramatically different than it was in the prior year, so probably 35%, 36%, 37% in that area. Were probably loaded a little bit more of a spend in the third quarter than we normally might. So, call it 30% or so, and then remainder in the fourth quarter of this year. Thats  we think its important you understand the pacing, so that you get a good sense of how that capital spend will play out across the year. That helped?
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Thats super helpful. Best of luck this quarter, guys.
Bill Plummer: Thank you.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks, Ted.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, George.
George Tong  Piper Jaffray: Thanks and good morning.
Mike Kneeland: Good morning.
Bill Plummer: Good morning, Joe.
George Tong  Piper Jaffray: Could you outline some of the specific steps that youre taking to ensure rental revenue growth in 2013 will outpace the overall rental market?
Mike Kneeland: Specific steps, I think, if you take a look at our investor presentation, Juan, who is our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, laid out a very detailed map of how were looking at the world and how were planned to attack it. Using total control, going after verticals, specifically and also implementing the sales force automation tools that we have out there, and  I mean, those are lot of dynamics that weve laid out. Its a lot of the best practices that weve learned between both companies of how were going after the market. And core is another one that weve rolled out and we got to educate the legacy employees and thats been fully laid out, and theyve been educated on that. And 2012 was as much as really kind of integrate and learn. So that in 2013 that we could be prepared. And those are probably the biggest things that I can think off. Matt, if you want to add anything?
Matt Flannery: Yeah, I mean if youre just talking about  talking about overall from 10,000 feet. We spent more time and energy in the past six months on preparing our sales team for sales force effectiveness through new tools in training then we have  in my 20 years in the industry and this I really think well see the benefit of that. On top of the stabilization of everybody being there, new territories, there are new stores and just the overall, the full year effect of having the team together I think we will be able to achieve the growth that we have forecasted.
Mike Kneeland: I would also point out that there is going to be some things that we are going to roll out this year, that we just havent announced. We are going expand on some of the technology and leverage that, some of the best practices that we havent yet implemented, will be rolled out, and you know so to be more to come.
George Tong  Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thats very helpful. Next question is related to margins, the midpoint of your 2013, guidance suggest EBITDA margins of 46% will that be the new steady state or do you see additional upside to 46% beyond 2013.
Mike Kneeland: Well, I will be missed and tell you I think there is upside, right. Because the idea is that you know we continue to drive profitable growth. We have a lot of things that we are going to be utilizing some of what, we just mentioned some of the things around profitability by product and by customer, that technology exists rolling that out, implementing those type of tools, further capital efficiencies around, whats not available for rent all to margin improvement. So, for me I would tell you that there is just more to come.
George Tong  Piper Jaffray: Very helpful. And then last question, could you give us some color on how much revenue synergies you expect to achieve in 2013?
Matt Flannery: Hi, this is Matt. We havent pegged specific number on it. I will say that we are well on target to hitting our commitment of $50 million of incremental EBITDA that we reported last year is our target. And if you recall that will come at a high flow through, because where we are getting that will be somewhere between 460 million and $70 million of additional revenue. And Im not even trying to avoid giving you an answer. The real challenge is unlike cost synergies, we have set things in motion to achieve revenue synergies, but we actually have to build the revenue, which is going to come throughout the year to take credit for. But we do feel that weve the actions in place to meet and probably exceed our plan.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, on that point, just to point out, the harmonization of all the contracts, although we kind of, almost all being done, they are not all done. Weve got about 90% done. Well get the balance of those baked into this quarter. I think Matts exactly right as you see the quarters unfold this year, youll see more visibility around those numbers.
George Tong  Piper Jaffray: Right. Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Bill Plummer: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Thein from Citigroup. Your question please.
Timothy Thein  Citigroup: All right. Thank you. Good morning and congrats again on a good year and in terms of the acquisition as well, in terms of your integration. Question back in terms of the EBITDA guidance, Bill and if you kind to walk through some of the key pieces, Im trying to get a feel for how we should think about the volume impacts. And you just mentioned that the incremental costs synergies of thats give you call it $100 million incremental benefit. The benefit from rate should give you another call it $180 million and obviously these are not given of course. But Im trying to think about if you assume a more weak equal weighted spent on that billion of net CapEx implies about $500 million in higher pro forma average OEC and youre saying that utilization is up some on 12. So, what should we kind of an appropriate drop through range that we can think about on that incremental volume
Bill Plummer: Tim, so make sure I understand your question. Youre looking for the drop through of just incremental volume alone.
Timothy Thein  Citigroup: Yeah, exactly.
Mike Kneeland: So, what I would say is we havent parsed it at that level, we got I mean we gave the guidance that shows you the increment  the drop through for overall revenue, whether its price, volume, mix, whatever  fleet, whatever is implicit in the guidance. And David Raso earlier talked about 63% if you exclude the impact of synergies. We havent broken out the incremental impact of volume at that level of detail. So, Id  I actually dont even have number committed to memory that Id want throw out there. Clearly volume is going to be a focus for us. Were putting more fleet in. Were going to raise utilization and certainly thats going to be a key driver of our overall profit improvement. But why dont we leave the discussion at the total revenue level.
Timothy Thein  Citigroup: Okay. All right, fair enough. And then, Bill, in terms of the mix impact, how should we just kind of bridging that price versus volume and then the additional kind of unknown. What should we think about from a modeling perspective in terms of what that mix factor looks like in 2013 as youve moved more of your business toward to these monthly contracts.
Bill Plummer: Certainly. So as we look at 2013 and whats implicit in the guidance is a mix impact thats somewhere around a 0.5 of headwind. So, 4.5% rate whatever your model for volume is and explicitly were saying about a 0.5 of mixed headwind, that will give you the high-single digits creeping upon 10% revenue growth thats implicit in that overall total revenue growth that weve guided to. So, thats how were thinking about it.
Timothy Thein  Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Kneeland: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank. Your question please?
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I have two quick ones and then one more philosophical. The first where do we stand on the stock repurchase authorization and where do we stand on the RP basket? And then the last one is, with regard to acquisitions clearly the integration of RSC is going well. In 2013, would you consider looking at other targets of upsides?
Mike Kneeland: So on the share repurchase, Phil, weve got about $85 million left to do, and we will  we will manage that the way we said initially, which was were going to get it done over in 18-month period post  post the close, and we will just spend it as we go along. In terms of the RP basket, Im going to look over at Irene, Im sure shes sitting here, and say where is that on your cheat sheet, Irene, help me?
Irene Moshouris: Its the acquisition notes, and then the most restricted within the $50 million.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Im sorry could you say that again.
Irene Moshouris: $250 million.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Thank you, Irene. And I guess Michael, maybe the acquisition question?
Mike Kneeland: Yeah, with acquisition, we always are going to be focused on driving profitable growth, I would say, and youre going to hear me say that over and over. Strategically, it has fit, it has to  there have been a lot of rigor around this, it also has to be accretive, and the cultural fit. And having said all that, we always look at whats out there and I think one of the areas that was very evident that were going to be focusing on is our specialties side of the business, which is a very high return and bodes very well with our current customer mix, as we go forward. So again opportunistic, but no need to rush out there, and well continue as we stated earlier, weve got a lot of free cash flow and not only this year, but the years to come. So, but were going to be in a position.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Thats great. And then maybe I can just ask, are the number of books coming across your desk, are opportunities increasing or decreasing in terms of potential M&A that youre analyzing?
Mike Kneeland: I dont measure it in that way. I think that people try to get into  and to talk to us to get a sense of what our thoughts are and I will tell you that I turn away as many years I open up, so I dont measure it in that form, its just I think people are trying to understand what our appetite is and weve got this  these integrations underway thats foremost on my radar screen. Its delivering what we said were going to deliver and then some we got the best in class, we got to deliver on the best practices and then it has to be strategic. How can it fit with our long-term view.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Michael Kneeland for closing comments.
Mike Kneeland: Thanks, operator and thanks, everyone for joining us today. Youll find our Investor presentation on our website. Weve got some updated data that we hopefully find  you find is useful for all of you and as always feel free to call us or Fred Bratman here in Greenwich and you can discuss the details in more  all of the comments in detail. And also if anyone would like to extend visitation to anyone of our sites to get a better sense of how we operate it. Thank you very much and we look forward to our next quarterly call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 15:37:05) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - President and CEO William B. Plummer - EVP and CFO Matthew Flannery - EVP and COO
Analysts: Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co. David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group George Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank Securities Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co. Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank Yilma Abebe - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals Third Quarter 2012 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the Companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The Company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risk and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the Company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Ill now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning everyone and welcome. With me today are Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer, and Matt Flannery, our Chief Operating Officer and other members of our senior management team. The financial results we reported last night were strong. They reflect an operating environment with a solid level of demand and integration with RSC thats very much on track and most important the successful execution of our strategy as reflected in our margins. Now we will talk about all three of these things today, but also I want to give you some  our current thinking about the months ahead. But before I begin, I want to remind you that any year-over-year comparisons we give you are on a pro forma basis that is measured against combined results of United Rentals and RSC for 2011. So just take a look at the quarter. It incorporated the most intense three months of our integration plan. From July to September, we completed the harmonization of most of our major account relationships, realigned our sales territories and closed 126 branches bringing the merger related closings to a 187 so far. We deliberately set the bar high to get most of the heavy lifting behind us by September 30th and Im very happy to say that we met that goal. And while were managing all that change, we generated a solid 9% increase in rental revenue year-over-year and $570 million of adjusted EBITDA at a 47% margin. Thats the highest margin, yeah. And in addition were running ahead of plan and cost synergies. We realized another $45 million of savings in the third quarter and we now expect to reach a $100 of realized cost synergies in 2012 for our ultimate goal of $230 million to $250 million on a run rate basis. Our cost  our progress on the cost side and a magnitude of our flow through sale bought up our internal discipline in the quarter. Now turning to the external environment, lets look at the drivers of rental revenue. And they really reflect two things, a favorable market condition for the equipment rental and a successful execution of our strategy. The number one driver is rates. Our rates were very strong in the quarter, up 7.5% from last year and our volume of equipment on rent also improved 7.9%. As these numbers show, we saw a continued robust demand for our equipment that was also universal. All but one of our regions reported year-over-year increases in rental rates. Its also significant that we were able to raise rates and what continues to be a modest and somewhat uneven construction recovery. But there are something more work here and we believe its the rental penetration. The rental options continue to gain traction as an economically sound way to solve equipment needs and its adding an extra layer of demand. I also want to talk about time utilization. It declined 200 basis points in the quarter compared to a robust level of utilization last year. So what were the impacts on time? For one thing we absorbed those 187 branch closings and we put more than a $1 billion of new fleet into the field. On a year-over-year basis, our time utilization was about 67% through September. And thats a healthy number and we feel very comfortable with it. And so far for the fourth quarter utilization is running more than 72%. Our record margin makes it clear that were reflecting  managing rates, utilization, and costs. Nevertheless we want to be as accurate as possible about the numbers we put out there and thats why were updating our full-year outlook. We now expect time utilization to be approximately 67.5% for the year, which is a half a point below our prior outlook and we raised our outlook on rates to reflect a gain of approximately 7% year-over-year. We also think that will do better than expected on our free cash position. Our outlook is now free cash usage in the range of $25 million to $50 million excluding a merger related cost. And our guidance for total revenue, EBITDA and CapEx remains unchanged. A minute ago I mentioned branch closings. We typically have a revenue dyssynergy when we close a location, title loss of business from small to mid sized customers and over time that revenue gets replaced. Now given a reduction in branches and headcount related to the merger, the impact in the third quarter could have been substantial. But our field organization did a great job of keeping our larger account relationships on even keel and this went a long way toward offsetting that impact. Youve heard me say many times before that large customers are the foundation of our strategy and for the most part they reacted very positively to the integration. In the third quarter, our key account business which accounts  which includes national strategic, assigned and government accounts grew by 17% year-over-year. To summarize, the headwinds from the integration are largely behind us. And the top line impact from the branch closings should stayed over in the next six months. Our entire field organization has done a great job at business retention and we now have our sales force focused on growth and our fleet is settling into a new footprint and is more available to meet demand. And we just delivered a record EBITDA margin. Fortunately this is playing out against favorable conditions in the rental industry. However, were aware the speculation is out there and were watching the macro environment very closely for any signs of deterioration. But were not seeing any cost or concern at this time and we dont see any reason to alter our plan. As you may know a couple of equipment manufacturers did voice some concerns about the economic recently  about the economy recently. And while rental companies and equipment manufacturers serve similar customer basis, we believe our industry is in a better position right now because of rental penetration. Thats why our top line is outpaced in construction spending because a very cautiously recovery can be create more demand for rental  for the rental industry while reducing demand for product purchases. Now Matt will be giving some color about our performance by region and also describe what were hearing from our customers. Overall, theyre feeling optimistic about next year. Global Insight also believes the recovery we will continue and are holding firm to their forecast for an increase between 8% and 9% in equipment rental revenues in 2013 and we share that feel. And we will be talking to you again on our Investor Day, on December 4th, and we plan to update you on our thoughts on 2013 at that time. Right now, were focused on delivering a strong finish to the year that comes down to one word, execution. Now I want to remind everyone that our destination has been long-term profitable growth from day one of our strategy. We put that strategy in place four years ago and at a time our vision was for 40% EBITDA margin within five years. As you saw last night, weve already exceeded that goal and now were looking for ways to expand on it. So stay tuned. Weve lot of confidence in our ability to deliver even greater value for the future. So now, I will ask Matt to give you an update on our operations, and then Bill will cover the financial results. And after that, we will take your questions. So over to you Matt.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Mike, and good morning everyone. Id like to start with the progress report on our integration efforts and then give you a brief overview of market conditions across our regions. On our call in July, we reported that our integration efforts got off to a very strong start and weve made significant progress since our call. Our field team has heard me say from the very beginning of this merger that we need to focus on moving the big rocks. This means making sure weve communicated with our key customers and our sales territories are realigned to eliminate confusion and that we communicate with our new operational footprint will be to serve our customers. So let me take a minute to tell you what weve done. I will start with the customer first. Our sales team has done a great job of focusing on our key accounts which grew by 17% in Q3. Now this was partially due to the fact that this past quarter we finalized over a 125 new national account agreements. And were negotiating while complete the remaining 260 throughout Q4. Additionally, we realigned over a 1000 sales rep territories. Now this was a large and necessary undertaking due to the overlap in coverage between reps from the two legacy companies. Our reps have now been in their territories for over 60 days and theyre well on their way to further penetrating their new territories and the customers that theyre calling on.
 : And operationally as Mike mentioned, we completed a 126 branch consolidations in Q3 and that takes our year-to-date total to 187. Weve integrated the teams into common facilities, one technology platform and most importantly one voice to the customer in the effective markets. Weve charged forward with an aggressive closure schedule and that speed of execution has allowed us to capture $45 million in cost synergies in Q3. So as a result, weve increased our 2012 achieved cost synergy target to a $100 million. Additionally, weve increased the top side of our range of our fully developed synergy guidance from $230 million to $250 million. When I break out the $45 million in cost saved in Q3, closures contributed about $18 million, and field staffing and corporate overhead reduction contributed $11 million each. Those three buckets totaled $40 million of the $45 million we achieved. Weve also seen significant improvement in our branch productivity related to cost of rentals. This is specifically evident in markets where weve consolidated stores and taken advantage of the economies of scale. Our average store sizes increased by 30% in Q3 year-over-year. Thats how were able to grow our fleet by almost 10% over last year, while reducing the headcount that serves that fleet by more than 5.5%. Now we did face a few bumps in the road while moving through the integration. Weve seen that our closure markets didnt grow quite as fast as our non-closure markets. And thats with this synergy that we feel comfortable we will recover through the focused sales efforts I discussed earlier. Id like to emphasize how proud Im of our employees for coming together as a true team. Almost half of our employees have had their jobs or reporting structure changed in someway as a result of the merger. But their commitment to United Rentals is as strong as ever and this is supported by a voluntary turnover which is down from last year as well as the tremendous engagement we encountered while conducting town halls in over 50 markets. Now switching over to our Q3 regional results, we saw a positive rental revenue growth in all, but one of our geographic regions. And we had over 27% growth in our specialty regions. Some of the higher growth markets are across the Gulf States and in the Southwest, but were also seeing strong growth in Western Canada, the Mountain of west and the Midwest regions. All but one of our business units are seeing strong EBITDA growth and improved rates. During my travel the past few weeks, Ive had many long standing customers inform me that their backlog is strong. And they want assurance that we will have the fleet ready to serve their major projects. These comments are consistent with results were seeing from our monthly customer surveys where over 90% of participants say they expect their business next year to be at least as good as this year and almost half of those participants feel they will up 10% or more in 2013. Before I turn the call over to Bill for the financial update, Id like to state how positive I feel that strategically weve never been in a better position to win in the marketplace. And thats really what this integration is all about. Weve been building deeper partnerships with our industrial and national accounts, were focused on cross selling the strength of each legacy company and we continue to focus on improving our customer scorecard. Those are the pillars of our strategy and our roadmap to success. So thanks for your time and now over to Bill.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Matt, and good morning to everyone. As is usual, I will add a little bit more color to the third quarter results and I will also spend little time updating our outlook for the full-year. And before I get started, I will just remind everyone as Michael did that all of the comparisons and comments that we make are about the pro forma company combined basis comparing to as though weve combined in the prior period. So let me start with net revenue first. Net revenue was up 8.9% in the quarter with strong contributions from both rental rate and fleeted on rent. Rates were up 7.5% compared to the third quarter last year and they were 2.8 percentage points better sequentially versus the second quarter of this year. I will touch on it a bit later, but given the strong pricing performance that were seeing throughout, were comfortable increasing our outlook for the full-year and now expect rates to be up 7% for the full 2012. Looking at our volume performance and time utilization, you all know that our measure of time utilization is obviously on rent. That measure was up 7.9% in the quarter to a record for us of $5.2 billion of fleet on rent on average throughout the quarter. So clearly there was a strong demand environment and that certainly supported our investment in the fleet. Time utilization for the quarter was 69.8% and that is a very strong absolute level and its certainly consistent with the demand environment that weve been dealing with. Unfortunately, time utilization was down 200 basis points compared to last year and that reflects a few factors. So maybe I will spend a second on those factors. First as Michael mentioned, we had the consolidation effort really at its peak during the quarter, closing a 187 branches in total, 126 of them happened during the quarter. So that was the largest factor we think in the year-over-year decline and time utilization. The closures were essentially completed by the end of the July, but when you move that much fleet as Matt pointed out when you change that many sales rep territories and leadership changes, it has an impact on the business and we certainly saw that in the third quarter. The second factor was the higher absolute level of fleet. Weve been talking about this all year. We have brought in a tremendous amount of new fleet. We spent $1.3 billion on new fleet purchases year-to-date and in any sense thats a large increase to our fleet overall and it makes it tougher to achieve the same levels of time utilization that we did last year. Lastly the second half of the year last year was a very robust time utilization environment. It was a record for both companies or the combined companies and that makes for a very difficult set of comparisons this year. So before I turn to used sales, Ill spend a couple of minutes on the impact of mix in our rental revenue this quarter. Weve gotten questions from several folks about the fact that our rates are up 7.5%, our volume is up 7.9%, but we only increased total rental revenue or rental revenue by 8.9%, so wheres the difference? What's the key driver of that negative mix if you will? In our view the key drivers were  it started with our monthly mix. Our business shifted more toward monthly during the quarter by a significant amount, 75.5% of our revenues in the quarter were from monthly business and thats up 270 basis points compared to last year. Now remember the higher proportion of monthly rentals will drive revenue in the quarter down because the revenue per day that you generate from a monthly transaction is lower than it is on a daily and weekly transaction, thats just a fundamental feature of our pricing structure. So that monthly mix impact was pretty significant in the headwind that we experienced in the quarter. We also had an impact now from ancillary items. So within our rental revenue, our rentals that are  items that are ancillary to a rental  delivery is one example. So when we look at those ancillary items, there are fewer opportunities for us to realize ancillaries when we have more monthly transactions, and it shows up as part of the mix headwind that were experiencing. So for example if you look within our rental revenue and look at just the owned equipment rental, the revenue that comes from the owned equipment being on rent, excluding the ancillaries that was up a very healthy 11.6% in the quarter. But when you look at some of the ancillaries like delivery for example; delivery was only up 1.5%. So that impact also plays to the mix headwind that weve seen. Keep in mind now that this is all very consistent with the strategy that weve been pursuing since the last four years. The higher monthly mix certainly brings along a better margin opportunity because it certainly reduces the amount of cost associated with generating that revenue. So when you put it all together we feel very comfortable that the 8.9% revenue growth was a very solid base for driving our business forward and more importantly it allowed us the opportunity to delivery very strong profit improvement. Speaking of profitability, the numbers you saw. Adjusted EBITDA was $570 million for the quarter and an adjusted margin of 46.8% and as Mike said thats a record for the Company. Thats an improvement of 700 basis points in margin compared to last year, and it delivered a flow through of 127% for the quarter, so clearly outstanding result on flow through. The synergy contribution is obviously significant there with the synergies adding $45 million in the quarter. But even when you exclude the impact of synergies it was still a very impressive flow through performance, 81% taking out the $45 million from synergies. When you look at EPS, we reported an adjusted EPS in the quarter of $1.35. We pointed out in our press release last night that, that EPS benefited from a low tax rate 22.3% in the quarter. But even if you use a more normal tax rate its an impressive EPS result; we would call it $1.27 if you would use a tax rate right around 35%. So EPS performance was also very strong for the quarter. Before I move to the outlook, let me touch just a couple of minutes on used sales and liquidity. First on used equipment sales; we generated $101 million of used sales proceeds and that was at a robust 40.3% gross margin and thats the gross margin adjusted to exclude the impact of the purchase accounting activity. That margin certainly reflects overall strong demand, but we also had a very healthy mix of retail transactions in the quarter as well supporting the margin. When you look at liquidity and our cap structure, as of the end of the quarter we had total liquidity of $751 million and that included $683 million of available capacity in our asset base loan facility. Ill point out also that during the quarter we increased the size of our accounts receivable securitization facility. We took it from $300 million up to $475 million and we did that clearly to take advantage of the very low cost of those facilities, very attractive financing and it makes a ton of sense to do so. So, before I move on to questions and answers, just real quickly on our outlook, to update it. First on rental rate, as we mentioned earlier we expect rates now to be up 7% on the full-year and thats compared to our prior outlook of 6.5%. On time utilization, we now expect time utilization to be down about a half a point for the full-year but still at a very healthy 67.5% over 2012. Our CapEx outlook is unchanged. We still expect to spend gross capital of about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, with that netting out to a net rental capital of between $1.075 billion and $1.125 billion. Free cash flow expectations have increased. Previously we were guiding to a free cash usage for the year between $90 million to $140 million. We now expect that free cash usage to be between $25 million and $75 million for the full-year and remember that view of free cash flow excludes the impact of the merger related cost, but it does include the impact of converting the RSC accounts payable policies to the shorter United Rentals payable policies. Those are the key comments that Id offer right here and now. Certainly well be glad to address any questions in Q&A. So, if we can ask the operator to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hey, Mike. Thanks. Good morning, guys and a nice work. If I can make my one question a two parter, the first part would be, could you discuss the utilization trend months to months to months sequentially as you progress through third quarter into fourth quarter. And my second question is; with regard to this CapEx guidance for this year; could you give us an idea of what youre thinking for next year and how CapEx would compare to this year and perhaps how free cash flow would compare to this year? Thanks very much.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah. Sure. Ill give you the time and then Ill shift it over to Bill on the capital. Once you look at July, we were at 68.6%. For August we were at 69.7%. For September we were at 71%. As I mentioned in my opening comments as we stand for the month of October were slightly above 72%.
William B. Plummer: And Scott on CapEx, Ill start with just an additional comment about 2012. Were maintaining the range of $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion, but were focused more on the lower-end of that range for 2012 and we think that thats an appropriate way to think about it right here and now. As we look at 2013, we havent definitely set a plan, but our general thought is that, our capital plan will look pretty similar next year to what it does this year, about flat it could be a touch lower and by a touch $50 million is sort of where I define a touch. If we do what we think were going to do next year in terms of operational results, with that kind of a capital plan our free cash flow is probably going to be in the range of $400 million to $500 million. Thats consistent with the forecast that we put in the S-4 that we released earlier this year and its still consistent with how were thinking about the next year or so.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thanks Bill. I appreciate it.
William B. Plummer: No problem.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co.:
 :
William B. Plummer: Thanks Vance. So, weve spent some time recently with our Board talking about this very topic and weve aligned around a view that we will be targeting a lower level of leverage to sustain over the next number of years. So if you look at leverage just as total debt to EBITDA and I know thats overly simplistic, but just to keep it simple were now targeting a range of between 2.5 and 3.5 times total debt to EBITDA and we feel comfortable that we can maintain that range over the next number of years and it reflects the cash flow profile that we expect to see over the next few years starting with that $400 million to $500 million range next year. 2.5 to 3.5 will be a normal operating range, so in good time well trend down towards the lower-end of that range. Right now we expect by the end of next year, if you look in our investor deck if we give you some very broad brush forecast. We expect that by the end of the next year well be solidly in the middle of that range, right at about three times, and from being just below four times on a trailing 12 basis right here and now. So nice robust de-levering over the next year to two, and we think that it makes sense for us to maintain those leverage levels as we go forward. What do we do with the cash flow beyond 2013, can I answer that question next year. I think we want to think very carefully about where we reinvest the free cash flow that we have. Were certainly going to be bringing down debt consistently over the next several years and  but we also want to make sure that were looking for the opportunities that makes sense for our investors.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co.: Okay, thats really helpful. And then may be just a clarification on something earlier. You talked about the shift towards the monthly renting and the impact that, that has which makes perfect sense, but I might have missed it, but what's driving the shit itself. I would have thought in this uncertain environment with the elections coming up and so forth that, if anything rental periods would get even shorter. So, what do you think the driver is there?
William B. Plummer: I think its the strategy. Weve been targeting the key account groups that historically have rented the equipment for longer periods of time, and as we grow the share of revenue from those accounts, its a natural outgrowth of being with those accounts and its playing very well. Its playing very much according to the strategy. As you grow with those folks you give yourself a better margin opportunity, because the cost fall away and its driving to that result as we speak.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley & Co.: Okay, thats great. Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Hi, good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland: Good morning.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Hi my question is about rates heading into 13. Two angles on it; when you speak with your larger customers, some of the larger accounts you mentioned earlier youre in conversations with. How are the rates looking from current levels looking out to the new contracts for 13? And then secondarily if we kept the rates where they are today and just ran them out flat; how do you see that rolling into next year for full-year rental rates or maybe how first quarter 13 would look? Just trying to get some sensitivity.
Matthew Flannery: David this is Matt, Ill talk about the key account rate harmonizations that were doing. We have  as I stated weve already inked and completed a third of those. Were in negotiations with the other two-thirds, and the improvement is falling in line with our overall improvement and certainly we feel it accretive to our goals.
Michael J. Kneeland: And David on 2013; if we do what we expect to do what weve said were going to do at 7% for rate this year, that will give us a carryover benefit next year something like 2.5% even if we dont advance rates any at all during 2013. So, pretty good tailwind to start, but let me be clear. We certainly do expect to drive rates beyond that carryover, but weve got a nice starting point.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Okay. And then on the debt reduction comment. The total debt at the end of this quarter over trailing EBITDA, pro forma is about 3.9%.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thats right.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: To get to your full-year free cash flow, the fourth quarter is going to be significant cash flow. And then you have the $400 million to $500 million as a baseline youre talking about for next year. Youre using total debt in your comment, a set of net debt, just so I understand what you plan on doing with the cash that comes in, in the fourth quarter and next year just for the pure calc? I was trying to understand the exact math because the 3.5% seems like something especially EBITDA grows at all youre going to be below that pretty quickly. I just want to make sure how you look on that calculation?
Michael J. Kneeland: So, the cash that flows in during the fourth quarter well immediately reduce the ABL and that will drive down that overall debt through the ABL balance. And then as we go forward as I said, were going to be right at about three times debt to EBITDA by the end of next year on our current view. And so youre right, well certainly be in the lower-end of the range pretty quickly, and well be looking very carefully at how we should deploy that cash flow with a bias toward initially continuing to pay down our overall debt balance.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: [Obviously] Im trying to back you into giving an EBITDA guidance for next year essentially because if you got 
Michael J. Kneeland: I might avoid it.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Yeah, I know, but I mean, so you can certainly do the math now, right? I mean youre basically saying that the total debt the way Im calculating this quarter was about $7.375 billion. Youve generate 375 of cash roughly in the fourth quarter to get to the free cash flow full-year roughly. So if youre at $7 billion going into next year and you generate say 450 mid-point, youre down to 655 for the year divided by three, its implying EBITDA next year slightly below 2.2.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: And I just want to make sure thats  for me person thats a little bit lower, but I am thinking for 13, so Im just trying to make sure youre not backing into something, youre not trying to imply?
Michael J. Kneeland: No were certainly not trying to imply a specific number certainly not that low, right. You look at the S-4 data that we put out earlier this year. If you just add those, the RSC and the URI together plus synergies I think you get a number thats beyond 2.2, so thats certainly not what were trying to imply. I think there are a huge number of assumptions that we would have to guide you to in order to get to the right number and thats why Im trying to avoid that discussion right here now because there are just too many assumptions to walk down that road.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Okay. So well leave it wherever it is, either a movement in the $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow and/or if thats what you generate in cash youll be below at three times. All right, so if the EBITDA is above 2.2 and you generate that cash youre below three times total debt-to-EBITDA  I mean, its kind of leave it as that, right? Youre not implying below 2.2 of EBITDA next year?
Michael J. Kneeland: We are not implying an EBITDA of that level.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Okay, just making sure. Okay. Thank you very much.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, David.
David Raso - International Strategy and Investment Group: Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi, Joe.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys. I just have a high level question for you Mike. It feels like the RSC deal has kind of really steered the pot in the industry. I guess with almost six months under your belt, Im just curious how youre seeing competitors respond to the deal. Specifically any color on how industry pricing has been impacted, the prospects for future consolidation or just how competitors maybe thinking about fleet growth going forward?
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah well I will tell you  I think if you  obviously youve been hearing from all the other competitors that are out there publicly and those of that public debt out there, their rates all have been improving and also its supported by Rouse what hes been  he recently had a call I think yesterday with one of the analyst. So that supports that data that overall the industry is improving on price. So that continues to grow. With regards to the way people are putting their fleet in, I think each one has their own strategy on where theyre going and what theyre trying to do. Each one is completely different. When you look at what we are doing, we said were going to focus on diversifying our customer mix, our portfolio and weve done that. And then were enhancing that, were growing across our footprint. We have the broadest footprint, thats one of our  what I believe is a significant advantage for United Rentals particularly with larger accounts and thats what were focusing on, and were utilizing the best of both worlds between both organizations and growing on that. Does that mean we have competitors in certain markets? Yeah absolutely, but on balance, I think that the industry is still reeling back from the declines of 09 on the rate and they havent really levered-up or I should say levered-up or brought a lot of fleet in as if yet, I think its still challenging for a lot of smaller tier players to get access to capital. Its better than it was, but not where it was before the downturn.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So I guess with respect to the last part on the fleet growth side. Is it your expectation and that industry fleet growth is going to be somewhat muted next year?
Michael J. Kneeland: That's hard for me to say. I dont know what happens in the credit market, if things get opened up, I don't know. Its hard for me to call. I can only tell you what Bill mentioned, how were thinking about the world and what were focused on.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc: Great. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland: Youre welcome.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Coppola from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Good morning, guys.
Michael J. Kneeland: Good morning.
William B. Plummer: Good morning.
Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group: One thing I wanted to do is just kind of clarify what specifically changed relative to your previous expectation on the synergy front. You were able to get 12 up to 100 million for cost synergies and now, the fully developed range of 230 on the cost side  moving up from 230 to 250 on the cost side?
Matthew Flannery: Sure. This is Matt. We  first of all for the accelerated achievement of the branch closures and some of the other corporate savings that weve got that guided us to the $100 million for this year. As far as for the top end of the range, we are starting to see that there may be more opportunity and some of the central dispatching we are doing, some of the branch efficiencies I mentioned earlier about the productivity improvements in some of our larger scale facilities and we think that there is some upside there that we are going to get at and we should definitely be able to get at before our fully developed plan in 2014.
Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Okay. Thats helpful. And then on utilization, I mean, I was noticing for fleet mix that aerials ticked down sequentially as a percentage of your fleet. Was there any impact there on utilizations or anything else based on fleet mix that you would want to call out?
Michael J. Kneeland: This is Mike. Id tell you that it has some effect over time. Its  we dont look at it that way, but its a valid point. What were doing is were expanding what we call the other, inside of that you would see the power side, the trench side, and the tool side because we are going to leverage our footprint. We are going to leverage the relationships that weve and expand the expertise that RSC brings to the table. So to some degree you will see some changes. I think when we do our investor presentation, we will try to give a better view on what that would look like. Its too early. We're going through it and were trying to see what the opportunities are. We know theyre there and we are actually investing so that we can capitalize on it.
Nicholas Coppola - Thompson Research Group: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Matthew Flannery: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Tong from Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks and congratulations on the quarter.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thank you.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, George.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: You've noted time utilization has been improving sequentially over the past four months, reaching just slightly north of 72% so far in October. Could you give us color on whats driving the improvement and whether you expect these factors to persist?
Matthew Flannery: Sure, George. This is Matt. I think what has driven the improvement is demand first and foremost, but weve also moved further away from those closures that started towards the end of June and as Mike stated, we are really ramped up between July and August and we're starting to move away from that. So, our team is much more focused on trying to grow revenue versus our early focus candidly was making sure we stabilized the base business. So, I think thats given us some tailwind in time utilization.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah, I will also add that I made the comment  in my opening comments about penetration. Penetration to me is one of the drivers in the industry. Its also a seasonality. The third quarter is always our strongest, so we did see it build up and as Matt mentioned  as we mentioned in the call  in our results that we did have a disruption. But there is a seasonal trend, but when you step back away there is a shift towards rental penetration.
George Tong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi, Phil.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland: Good morning.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank Securities: I was hoping you could walk me through the different components of what changed in your free cash flow guidance from previously being negative $90 million to $140 million to now being negative $25 million to $75 million, is that just better EBITDA and less net CapEx or is there some interest savings there? Could you just walk us through the pieces?
William B. Plummer: Yeah, Phil. The biggest drivers are in working capital and CapEx. Working capital we  as I said earlier, we  we've revised our expectation about the impact of shortening the payment terms for fleet purchases for what we buy for RSC, that was probably the biggest factor. And then we are working at the lower end of our CapEx range and that contributed a little bit more as well. So, those were the two predominant drivers. There is a little bit of a benefit from profitability improvement as we started to realize a little bit more in the way of synergies, but its CapEx and working capital, the big drivers.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. And Bill if I could sneak a second one in there, earlier you gave guidance for 2013 in terms of CapEx, but you talked about gross. Can you talk about on a net basis, if possible?
William B. Plummer: So, earlier I was talking about gross. Net is probably not going to be dramatically different than this year either. We are on target to realize new sales proceeds somewhere around $440 million and its probably going to be something like that again next year.
Philip Volpicelli - Deutsche Bank Securities: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thank you.
William B. Plummer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland: Good morning.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Bill can you talk about how monthly rates youre signing today compared to prior cycle highs? I think spot rates are back at prior cycle highs and Im wondering if your new monthly businesses as well, if you can give us a broad update? Thanks.
William B. Plummer: So without the specifics here in front of me, Jerry, I do know that what you call spot rates are  lets call it what we call it, our daily rates are already above the prior cycle highs. The weekly rates are about at the prior peak and we're still below on the monthly rates, somewhere in the neighborhood of 7% below the prior peak. So, some room to go on the monthlies to get to the prior peak. Whenever people raise this point though, I always have to ask the question, why does the prior peak matter? Is the prior peak some kind of physical law that limits where rates can go? We dont believe so. That was five years ago and the environment is different now and so, I think its interesting to talk about where we are versus the peak. I dont know that it really defines where we can go though in the future.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Yeah, so the question is from the standpoint of understanding how much room the monthlies have to catch up because obviously they roll on a delayed basis, so Im assuming the 7% number you mentioned is the entire book of monthly business and Im wondering if you are comfortable commenting on the monthly business that you are signing today not the overall book?
William B. Plummer: No. Thats the monthly rate that were experiencing today compared to what we experienced back in the early part of 07.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Okay. And in terms of thinking about the timing of the CapEx spend over 2013; Im wondering if you could just give us more context there? Earlier this year you mentioned that you because of how front half weighted the CapEx budget was there were some utilization pressure, Im just wondering how that factors into your timing decision of when to pick deliveries next year and how should we think about utilizations heading into next year, first quarter looks like a pretty tough comp. So Im wondering and if you could just provide some broader brush comments to the extent you are comfortable on those topics? Thanks.
William B. Plummer: Yeah. Just, I think next year you will see timing of our CapEx thats more normal. There was a specific strategy behind front-end loading of the CapEx this year and I dont know Matt if you want to flush that out a little bit?
Matthew Flannery: Yeah. We did a big pre-buy of multitude reasons last year and we wont need to do all of that this year and we wont need the timing to be the same. If projects accelerate and demand peaks up we will always hold the right to adjust, but I dont think it will be as frontloaded next year.
Michael J. Kneeland: Jerry just on your comment about the time utilization next year, we will try to give some guidance later on and during our investor presentation on the fourth. But to your point on the seasonal swing, we did have a very mild winter. I don't know what that is going to deal with us this year, but on balance we will continue to strive to expand it.
Jerry Revich - Goldman, Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS. Your question please.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank: Hey, good morning. It's actually Eric Crawford on for Henry.
Michael J. Kneeland: Hi. How are you?
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank: Hey, good. Thanks. Bigger picture on time utilization, once you get past the branch consolidations, adjust the fleet mix and the business mix, whats the ideal time utilization for the new URI? Whats the right range for the business post transformation?
Michael J. Kneeland: You know thats  I think an earlier question we had was around the same thing and we are going to kind of give some guidance. We have to go through, were going to take a look at what is coming in from the  all of the regions on what capital they want to spend. As I mentioned before, we are expanding into the trench, the other side of the business, the tools as well as the power, which historically runs at lower time utilization with very nice returns. So as we go through our business process, and our budget process, we are going to take a look at that and then we are going to come back on the fourth and give you some guidance. I dont know thats going to change dramatically because there is still opportunities we think in specific markets and areas that we can do better, but you can look forward on the fourth.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Thats fair. And then just a point of clarification on the rates, how they trended through the quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland: They  for July, they were up 7.5%, for August, they were up 8%, and for September, 7.1%.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thank you.
William B. Plummer: Let me just tack on to that real quickly. So that gave us the 7.5% year-over-year rate that we realized for the quarter, on our way to 7% for the full-year. I just wanted  I think there is  Ive heard people talk about fourth quarter year-over-year rate realization and Ive heard some pretty interesting numbers. So just to be clear, we think about the fourth quarter year-over-year rate realization needed to get to that 7% for the full-year as being about 6%. Ive heard some numbers that were significantly higher than that and I just wanted to make sure that everyone heard it here that we are thinking of fourth quarter year-over-year of about 6%.
Eric Crawford - UBS Investment Bank: Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yilma Abebe from J.P. Morgan. Your question please.
Yilma Abebe - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thank you. I was hoping if you could comment on how youre looking at an overall credit risk and leverage specifically. The 2.5 to 3 times leverage target that you have, how does that compare in terms of the Company, it looked that leverage pre-recession as a standalone company. I was hoping if you can put this 2.5 to 3 times in historical context for us?
William B. Plummer: Yes, sure. We used to talk about the preferred leverage range being in the 3.5 to 4.5 times range and certainly 2.5 to 3.5 represents a shift in our thinking there. To give some context during the absolute depth of the recession in 2009, we peaked up just above 5 times on a trailing 12 EBITDA basis. Clearly in the extreme, a higher leverage than we would want in our normal range. But that gives you a little bit of context of where weve been over the last number of years. So, 2.5 to 3.5 times is fundamentally different and I think it reflects our view that we want to maintain a reasonable level of leverage to make for very efficient capital structure. But we dont want to go too far because you lose that advantage as you go too low in leverage. On the other side, you dont want to get too high because it really does amplify the volatility and cash flow and returns that we have from the business and thats something that hurts the returns for equity investors and makes the debt investors  puts them in a riskier position as well.
Yilma Abebe - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: So if I can add on to that, so  why do you have a lower  whats the driver behind a lower target in terms of leverage based on [multiple] context? May I know, why have you reduced that target, if you can give a little bit context on some of the drivers behind this lower leverage target now?
Michael J. Kneeland: I think we  again, its about reducing the volatility of our results, so overall is an important driver for why we want to target a lower range. It will solidify our access to debt financing, although its pretty good right here now, but we want to make even more sure that we got free access to debt financing. It will reduce the volatility and cash flow and equity returns and that should make the equity more attractive. And it just gives us a firmer foundation for driving the strategy of the Company, whether we grow organically, whether we position ourselves for further acquisitions, it's all held by the somewhat lower leverage. So that was  those were the main drivers of the thought process.
Yilma Abebe - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Thats all I had.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. Id like to hand the program back to Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us today and I want to make sure that everyone goes onto our website to see our latest Investor Relation presentation. I had some new slides out there that hopefully you will find helpful. It talks more about the business and how were seeing the world and we look forward to talking to you again on December 4th at our Investor Day. So operator, this concludes our remarks and you can end the call.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the United Rentals second quarter 2012 investor conference call.  Please be advised that this call is being recorded.  Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments made on today's call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risk and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release.  For more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes not commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that today's call includes references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EIBTDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is non-GAAP term.  Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer; and Matt Flannery, Chief Operating Officer.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland.  Mr. Kneeland, you may be gin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Operator.  Good morning, everyone, and welcome.  With me today is Bill Plummer, our CFO, and Matt Flanner, who became our Chief Operating Officer in April with other members of our senior management team. We'll take a look at the quarter review and we're going to update you on the RSC integration and give you our thoughts on the balance of the year.  And after that, we'll take your questions. The second quarter, as you know, was a transformation for us.  It includes one month of our results as a standalone company and two months in combination with RSC.  That meant our employees had to manage an incredible amount of change during the quarter and they still turned in some great results despite the attention required by the integration. As we reported last night, we had a 61.3% increase in rental revenue year-over year, a 7.4% increase in rates and a 63.7% increase in rental volume and $418 million of adjusted EBITDA and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 42.1%.  That's seven points higher than a year ago and it's a company record for us. Time utilization came in a little softer than we expected in the quarter and it was down by two-tenths of a percentage point year-over-year.  That's primarily tied to the deployment of our fleet and we brought $1 billion of fleet into the market and it performed very well for us with the exception of a few regions. We felt it was prudent to adjust our outlook for time utilization while we assess the markets for our new combined footprint.  We now expect full year time utilization to be at 68% on a Pro Forma basis and this is the same as last year, which is a record for United Rentals. The other Pro Forma targets we issued last night are an increase in rental rates of approximately 6.5% year-over-year, up 0.5 points over our previous outlook and net rental cap expenditures of about $1.1 billion after gross purchases of between $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion and negative free cash flow in the range of $90 million to $140 million and that excludes the impact of the merger-related costs. All of these numbers are based on the assumption that full-year results for 2011 and 2012 reflect a combination of operations of United Rentals and RSC. Now there are a number of reasons our confidence in this outlook, especially when it comes to rates.  One is rental penetration.  If we look at how we performed over the last few years, you can see the impact of the change in market behavior. Our end markets are still evolving toward rental.  That's one reason why we've been able to outpace the construction recovery quarter after quarter.  The other advantage is we have an expanded value proposition.  Our footprint is going to end up around 850 branches with a fleet size of more than 7 billion in regional equipment costs. In addition, we now offer new site services like tool management and new customer facing technologies and we have a much stronger industrial presence.  As a result, we've been able to engage our larger customers in discussions about serving more of their needs. I'm particularly proud of how quickly we were able to align jour sales organization once the transaction was complete.  Transition of our national accounts an strategic accounts has been nearly seamless. Our rental revenue from national accounts grew by more than 20% in the quarter year-over-year and that's on a Pro Forma basis.  Now this should give you an idea of how well we managed the combination. So we have rental penetration driving incremental demand and a stronger, much stronger menu of competitive advantages. There's also a third region we feel good about 2012 and that's the level of project activity in our end markets and we know there is uncertainty on the macro level.  We hear the same cautions you do.  Fluctuations in indicators like the ABI are making it difficult to pin down the path of this recovery. But from where we stand today, we like what we're hearing from our customers.  We stay in constant touch with our customers and what we're hearing is things are looking good.  Our customers are not just optimistic now at mid year as they were six months ago; in some cases, even more so. They're telling us that it's competitive out there but it's active.  And we're hearing the same thing from our branches.  At our national sales meeting just last week, the reports in the field were very positive.  And the government numbers support this. Non-residential construction spending in May was flat with April but it was up about 7% compared with last year.  Now, it's worth mentioning a couple of sectors. Energy, still robust, particularly in the US and manufacturers are spending more on construction each month with some forecasts calling for double digit growth this year.  Commercial construction is still lagging but there is a sense that the turnaround is in sight and most likely by mid 2013. Within our own business, all of our regions had positive year-over-year growth in rental revenues per quarter and all but four had double digit growth.  So it's a good picture out there but we're not complacent and we continue to keep close watch on our markets.  We're not adverse at fine tuning as you saw with our outlook. We're an (inaudible) and we believe that's the right move to get our fleet in place sooner rather than later so that we can take market share and be positioned to grow even faster as activity picks up. And we firmly believe that the next several years will be strong years for our company and our industry and we're looking at our CapEx investment as a multiyear exercise and a competitive advantage, one that may put pressure on a couple of our metrics in the short term but will deliver higher returns in the years ahead. And if you look, for some reason the economy stumbles, we'll deal with it.  There's enough flexibility built into our model to address changes in economic circumstances.  For example, we still have the ability to reduce our gross capital spend below $1.5 billion floor of our outlook and we could also accelerate used equipment sales in the back half of this year. But right now, that's hypothetical and we don't see a reason to alter our course.  Virtually every construction forecasting service shows some level of market growth in 2012.  And the for the equipment rental industry, global insight latest outlook shows a bullish 9.5% increase in equipment rental revenues, which is several points higher than their forecast for the increase in construction spending. Finally, the most important to our investors, that we're structuring our company to deliver on the bottom line.  As I mentioned earlier, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 42.1% for the quarter.  That's huge for us. You know how hard we've worked to get that number up over 40% and we did it at the height of the integration and we won't stop there. I'm also happy to report that we're ahead of plan in capturing out cost synergies related to the combination and Matt will discuss that in just a moment.  But before I hand it over to Matt and Bill, I want to mention our employees. This integration has tested every aspect of our business.  We're not just combining two companies.  We're identifying the best way to go forward on every level.  Fortunately, we have 11,000 of the best people in the business working for us and it's to their credit that our customer service and our metrics have held up so well since April and that includes safety, which has been a constant conflict of communication with our branches. Our combined reportable rate is an industry best and we intend to keep pushing towards zero. In closing, I want to say that the RSC combination was never about just getting bigger.  It's about raising the bar at every conceivable financial and operational metric.  It's about becoming indispensable to our customers as a way to create long-term value. Now 11 weeks ago our goals were completely aspirational.  Today, we're well on our way to making them a reality.  So with that, I'm going to ask Matt to give you an update on the integration and some regional detail about our performance and then Bill will cover our financial results.  And after that we'll take your questions.  Over to you, Matt.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone.  I'd like to start with a progress report on our integration efforts and then give you a brief overview of market conditions across our regions. I'm happy to report that our integration efforts got off to a very strong start in May and we've made significant progress since our last call.  In early June we integrated the legacy RSC branches onto our technology platform, so the entire network is now operating on a common ERP system. Now, this was a key dependency for the majority of our cost synergies and we hit that mark ahead of schedule.  The fact that we achieved that conversion within six weeks of closing the transaction is a credit to the tremendous effort and hard work of our combined IT teams. And most important, from our customers' perspective, it was a smooth transition that resulted in minimal disruption to our base business and it allowed us to launch our branch consolidations ahead of schedule. So as you saw last night, we planned to consolidate 185 branches and we expect to have the majority of those completed by the end of this month.  That should give you an idea of how efficiently we're moving through the integration. This has allowed us to achieve $17 million in cost synergies in Q2 versus an original estimate of $6 million.  So as a result, we've raised our 2012 realized cost synergy target to $80 million and we're reaffirming our total cost synergy target of $230 million. We're making good progress on the revenue side of the integration as well.  We've identified $50 million of incremental EBITDA from approximately $65 million of revenue synergies.  And similar to the cost synergies, we expect his to be fully developed and achieved in 2014. Now this is net of any negative impact we may incur as a result of store consolidations and it's consistent with our initial thoughts when we priced the RSC deal. We plan to accomplish this by leveraging many of the best practices of each legacy company.  One earlier revenue benefit we've seen has been the cross selling of our specialty rental services. We've already secured close to $2 million in annualized revenue from our trench, power and HVAC business with legacy RSC customers.  And in addition, we started to cross sell RSC's industrial tool products to legacy United Rentals customers.  These are early indications of what we anticipated from the start that our new combined value proposition will improve our ability to win in the marketplace. To support some of our new sales processes, we kicked off an aggressive training schedule for our strategic account teams last week.  They're training on the use of salesforce.com and the Total Control technology we acquired from RSC. For those of you who aren't familiar, Total Control is a system that helps us create win-win opportunities with our large customers and it's a strong differentiator in the market.  The software focus is on consumption management.  It can help our customers reduce their total cost of rental spend by increasing utilization of their rented and owned assets. We've also taken this opportunity to harmonize other practices from the two organizations.  For example, just this past week, the RSC branches went live on our core price optimization tools. (Inaudible) manages pricing at a local level and optimizes the rates based on market demand.  Now this will help drive consistent pricing methodology throughout the combined network. I know there is some curiosity about the harmonizing of our large accounts.  We've been actively renegotiating overlapping agreements.  And while we're still in the early stages of these negotiations, we've seen a net positive impact.  And this is due in large part to the fact that we offer a stronger value proposition with more ways to serve the customers' needs. Another major priority for us since the close of the RSC transaction has been the retention and engagement of our employees. We've made a concerted effort to reach out to all employees to be sure that we understand any of the challenges that they may face as a result of the integration.  Mike mentioned earlier what a stellar job our employees are doing in serving customers and adapting to change. We're staying on top of their needs by listening to what they have to stay.  So to help accomplish that, we've conducted more than 50 town hall meetings of branch level employees in our most populated markets and I'm pleased to report that time after time, we have encountered team members whose morale is high and who are focused on safety and customer service. Now, shifting gears to the marketplace, I'd like to comment briefly on how our regions performed in the second quarter. Overall, our growth in the quarter was very broad based.  We saw growth in every one of our geographic regions with the strongest increases coming form the southwest and the south regions. Both of these teams achieved rental revenue growth of approximately 29% in the quarter and our Midwest region grew by 23%.  And I would be remiss if I didn't mention our specialty region, trans power and HVAC had one of the highest growth rates at over 20% and that's excluding the impact of acquisitions. And when you look inside the region, we achieved positive year-to-date rental revenue in all but four states.  And 35 of these states grew by double digits. This demand for our equipment allowed us to put more than $600 million of addition of what we see on rent for the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. On the flip side, an area where we've seen some softness is in Eastern Canada, and more specifically, in the greater Toronto area.  We've had a minor decline in volume there but profitability remains strong. We've been shifting the X axis to serve markets where the potential is stronger.  Deployment of our assets will continue to be an area of focus for us, particularly with our new, larger footprint. Before I turn the call over to Bill for the financial update, there is one more thing I'd like to share with you all.  Last week I was able to attend our first sales leadership meeting in Phoenix. This was our first meeting with all of our combined team of national and strategic account reps and their managers.  The energy at that meeting was very strong and the teamwork that I witnessed was very encouraging. Our reps confirm that the demand we're seeing from our larger accounts is substantial.  I came away feeling good about where we're headed and, more importantly, I feel good about our ability to create value for our customers as a combined operation. Ultimately, it's that value synergy that'll give us the ammunition to grow our company ahead of the industry.  That's been our focus all along and that' what will determine our success.  So thanks for your time and now over to Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Matt, and thanks, Mike.  Good morning to everyone.  As is our usual practice, I'll go through the second quarter numbers in a little bit more detail and hopefully add some color so that everyone can understand a little better how the quarter played out. This quarter is one of the most difficult challenges the company could have in talking about its results, however.  With a large acquisition, the reported numbers really look different than what you're used to, so I'll try to add some texture to help you understand that and talk a little bit about our performance on a Pro Forma basis.  Apologies if I get a little repetitive on that as reported versus Pro Forma but I think it's really important. We'll start with the P&L, touch on liquidity and cap structure and then finish up with an update on the outlook for the full year. So starting with the report, the results as we reported, Mike hit the highlights already.  Revenue, our revenue was up 61.3% in the quarter, strong rate end volume contributions in the quarter's results, so rates were up, as Mike said, 7.4% year-over-year. And if you look at that on a sequential basis compared to the first quarter of this year, rates were up 1.3 percentage points, so a strong rate performance anyway that you look at it and certainly it is a great way to start the first half of the year.  In fact, I'll touch on it a little bit later but the momentum that we were experiencing in the first half has given us the confidence to raise our outlook for pricing for the full year. If you look at our volume performance in the quarter, our measure volume, what we see on rent was up 63.7% over the prior year.  Obviously the acquisition is the main driver of that kind of strength but even underneath, excluding the acquisition, there was robust growth and I'll touch on that in a second. That volume growth tied to a time utilization performance that was at 67.1% in the quarter, which was down two-tenths of a percentage point compared to last year, again, on the reported basis.  And, again, our outlook I'll touch a little bit more on our view for the remainder of the year time utilization, which we took down. Looking at used revenues, we had a used revenue result of 81 million of used proceeds on a reported basis.  That compares to $41 million last year and we delivered a margin in our used sales of 30.9%, again distorted by the acquisition but certainly our margin performance we feel good about in the quarter.  At 30.9% it's down a touch from last year on a reported basis but you'll see on a Pro Forma basis it's basically flat with the prior year. Enough on revenue, if I move down to profitability, our as reported adjusted EBITDA profit was $418 million and that was an adjusted margin of 42.1% as Mike said.  That margin performance is a record for United Rentals and it represents a 700 basis point improvement over last year. Underneath that margin performance was a pretty solid cost performance both at cost of rent and SG&A and both were helped by our performance with the synergies.  But even excluding the synergies it was a pretty solid cost quarter for us. In fact, if you look at just the metric that we talk about of flow through of adjusted EBITDA from revenue increases, flow through on a reported basis for the quarter was 54.1%, again, a number distorted by the acquisition but still a robust flow through performance overall for the company. I should point out, though, that the flow through did benefit from a self insurance reserve adjustment in the current quarter.  Year-over-year, there was about a $7 million benefit from self insurance reserve adjustment that is playing through the profitability numbers. But even excluding the self insurance reserve adjustment, flow through was 52% in the quarter, still pretty robust. If you drop down to EPS, reported EPS on an adjusted basis was $0.66 for the quarter and, again, that includes all of the adjustments that we talked about previously in our update call that are called out in the 10-Q. It's also worth pointing out that the adjusted EPS in the quarter includes a tax rate that was a little unusual.  Our tax rate, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.8% and obviously a long distance from the low 30% that we've talked about as a tax rate previously. That tax rate was impacted in the current quarter by several discrete items, the largest of which was about $8 million worth of deferred tax charges that arose out of the acquisition.  Maybe we can talk more about it in Q&A if anybody is interested but those deferred charges really arose out of the merger of the legal entities primarily at the state level. If you adjust for that tax rate, if you had a tax rate that was a little bit more normal, let's say 35%, our EPS would have been roughly $0.13 higher than the $0.66 adjusted EPS that we reported. Those are the comments I wanted to make about the as-reported figures but, as Mike said, the way we think about our business is really on a Pro Forma basis.  That includes RSC results for all three months of the current year quarter and including RSC on the prior year. So I'll give you a few key data points on the Pro Forma performance of the company overall. Starting with our revenue again, our Pro Forma rent revenue was up about 15% in the quarter and, again, rates and volume were both strong contributors.  Rate, as we said, was up 7.4%, which is actually a full Pro Forma figure.  That's the way we talk about rate now. And OAC on rent, the volume measure was up nearly 14% in the second quarter, so a pretty robust environment, pretty robust performance there. If you look at OAC on rent compared to the first quarter on a sequential basis, it was up 11% and, again, pretty good momentum for us on a sequential basis. Regarding utilization, the Pro Forma time utilization for the quarter was 67.4%.  That was down a tenth of a percentage point compared to the second quarter of last year.  So it's slightly less than the as-reported figure but it's still up a pretty healthy 340 basis points when you look at it sequentially versus the first quarter of this year. Used revenue in the quarter on a Pro Forma basis was $96 million and that was up 20% versus the Pro Forma used revenue in the prior year and the Pro Forma gross margin on used was at 40.1% gross margin and that was basically flat.  IT was actually down one-tenth of a percentage point compared to the prior year, again, on a Pro Forma basis. The used margin performance is pretty robust and it certainly is helped by the used environment, which is still pretty solid as well as our focus on the retail channel, which is a very strong contribution in the current quarter. If you drop the profitability here, our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter on a Pro Forma basis was $474 million for the second quarter.  That's at a margin of 41.9% which was 640 basis points better than last year's margin on a Pro Forma basis, again, comparing apples to apples. So a pretty robust performance on an EBITDA basis and it certainly does reflect, again, all of the positives that are flowing throughout our business overall. At EPS on a Pro Forma basis, just to give you a rough indication, if you were to make all the adjustments and include RSC for all periods, our EPS Pro Forma would have been something like $0.82 a share in the quarter, so, again, a strong representation at profit. Let me move briefly to our cap structure and liquidity and then I'll update the outlook.  In terms of liquidity overall, we ended the quarter with about $555 million of overall liquidity available to us and that includes $494 million of ABL capacity plus our cash and availability under our AR securitization facility. So it's still a solid liquidity position for the company and if you look at how we've used some of that liquidity during the second quarter, we've reported previously that we repurchased about 2.4 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of about $100 million. You'll all recall that we were authorized to repurchase a total of $200 million by the board at the close, which we plan to execute over the 18 months following the close. But before we move on to Q&A, let met just update the outlook real briefly.  First, in terms of rental rates, as I mentioned earlier, we now expect rental rates to be up for the year.  It'll be up about 6.5% for the full year.  And that's compared to our prior outlook of 6%. The momentum that we're experiencing right here and now gives us that confidence that we certainly should be able to hit that 6%.  And, in fact, if you just look at the momentum on rental rates that we're experiencing in the first half of July here, it certainly does support our raising of the rate outlook for the full year. On time utilization, recall that our prior forecast was that we were going to raise time by about a percentage point on a Pro Forma basis for the full year.  We now expect that time utilization will be about flat for the year and that will be flat at about 68% on a Pro Forma basis last year. Keep in mind that last year it was a record utilization year for the URI side of the company and certainly we are comparing to a very strong environment on time utilization. For CapEx we haven't changed anything in our CapEx view from the May update that we did.  So we're forecasting gross rental CapEx of about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion with a net of right around $1.1 billion, $107.5 billion on the low side, $112.5 billion on the high side. Free cash flow we still expect to be a usage between $90 million and $140 million and, again, that's unchanged from our May update.  And I'll remind everyone that that excludes the impact of the merger-related costs but it does include the impact of the change in payment terms that we called out back in our May update. So as we accelerate payment terms on RSC side fleet purchases, we're going to pay those faster and that impact we estimate at about $200 million. So all in all, a fairly robust quarter for us.  As you look at a variety of measures, it's pretty strong.  I didn't mention, for example, the flow through that we achieved on a Pro Forma basis but it was very strong relative to what we talked about in the past. Pro Forma flow through in the quarter was almost 89%.  And even though it benefitted from, as I said, a $7 million year-over-year self insurance reserve adjustment, even stripping that out it was about 84%. So very strong profit performance as we see it in the quarter and that sets a nice tone to tackle the second half and we look forward to being able to report our results going forward. So with that, I will ask the operator to open the call for questions and answers.  Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions).  Your first question comes from the line of Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn: On a Pro Forma basis, the rental revenue was up 15% in the second quarter.  Now, I know you don't give full-year revenue guidance but could you give some color on the level of growth that you might expect for the second half of the year given the comps that you face?
William Plummer: I think the fair thing to say would be that we would expect the level of growth in let's say the third quarter to be down a touch from where it was in the second quarter.  So on a Pro Forma basis we were 15%.  I would expect that we would come down just a shade from that just given the strength of the third quarter last year. And obviously the interplay of rate and time utilization in the quarter will determine exactly where we ended up.  But it's hard to keep repeating against the comps that we know are coming in the third and fourth quarter and so I'd say down a touch.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Cheng  Credit Suisse.
Peter Cheng: I guess to build on Henry's question and, again, with the caveat that you dont give explicit financial guidance, but with the inner play of the growth in your rate guidance compared to the decrease of the utilization, I mean, would you say if you did give explicit financial guidance that this would be a flat raise or lower? I mean, it looks like a flat to me.  But the reason why I ask is because I think there's some confusion that utilization is more important than the increase in rental rates, which actually drive higher EBITDA and I just want to get your comment on that.
William Plummer: If  maybe I can simplify.  As we think about the full year today compared to the way we thought about the full year back in May when we gave you that outlook, the inner play between rate and time results in a view of profitability that's really not significantly today than it was back in mid May. So even though rates have done a little better, time has done a little worse, when we look at that and blend it with the underlying cost performance that we expect, the synergies that we expect and so on, the profitability looks  the picture looks very much the same today as it did back in mid May.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Going back to the rate question, I'm just trying to understand the sustainability, your comfort in the sustainability, the rate strength.  I mean, is it  do you think it's a function that your smaller customers just don't have product to put out in the market or is it that you're resetting previously lower-priced contracts? And the reason why I'm asking is because one of your bigger competitors reported recently with rates that were more like in the 3% to 4% range.
Mike Kneeland: Yes, I can't speak for my competitors.  I don't know where they're coming from or what their (dollar) utilizations or  I mean, all I can tell you is that the way we report rates based on ARA metrics and that' show we go forward. But what we see is what we're doing is  one, our value proposition we think is more attractive.  We do think that we're harmonizing our contracts with some of our larger  our contractors but that's not  that's only part of it. I think the other part of it is our broad footprint and having the fleet to satisfy the demand that we see out there. I just  I want to point one thing out that I think gets lots in the shuffle here is  and I've mentioned this in the past  based on my experience of 34 years in the industry, rates, one is very near and dear to me.  I've said it several times over the years but typically with rates going up gives you  should give you some comfort that the underlying business is doing well. Overall I've never experienced a downturn where time led it.  It was always rates led the downturn.  So I look at rates as a lever that we're pulling, something that we think is  we're good stewards of our industry and we're going to continue to drive. We're still not anywhere near where we came off from our peak and we're just driving it to the extent we can.
Seth Weber: Maybe if I could shift gears a little bit to the equipment, to the fleet, the fleet age, the age of the booms and the lifts is up to 55 months.  I mean, can you talk about what your target is for that category and maybe just help us understand why the utilization in that particular category came down from 1Q?
Mike Kneeland: From the (areal) perspective or are you talking about any other specifics?
Seth Weber: I mean, specifically on the (areal) side.  The fleet, the age of the fleet is up to 55 months.  What's your target for that category and maybe just some explanation why the utilization of that category came down.
Matt Flanner: So as far as the age, we're very comfortable with that age.  Within that you have your scissors, your rough terrain scissors and then your boom lifts.  And we can age lifts significantly further than our current age if we needed to. As far as the time utilization, our time utilization is still well into the 70s on almost every category in our (areal) and even our reach forklifts.  Part of what we're running up against is we were probably losing business last year. We were running time utilization well into the 80s on many categories and long term that's not healthy.  There could be some discussion of overall of whether the denominator versus the numerator drove our time utilization issue here this year because we did have significant growth. But I think we're in good position where we are, and Mike stated it in his opening comments, to take advantage of opportunities in the marketplace, specifically while we're merging the customers from the two organization together.  So I'm very comfortable where we are from the age and time utilization from an (areal) perspective and we continue to see that ramp up throughout the  to the peak season in the fall.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, and Seth just real quickly, some of the change that you're seeing in both the age and the time utilization probably comes from the fact that this is presented on a Pro Forma basis now whereas in the prior period they would have been in URI only basis. So I don't know off the top of my head how much of an impact that is but that might be some of the change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso  ISI Group.
David Raso: Real quick, the July rental rate so far, if your Pro Forma year-to-date around (7374) full year at 6.5, obviously it implies the second half, call it 5.5, 5.7, something like that, quoted to date, where are we versus that implied second half average?  Are we even above 6.5, six?  Where are we?
Mike Kneeland: Well, according to today, it's pretty short right here, David.  But right now, we're better.
David Raso: Better than the 6.5 or better than the five, 5.5, 5.7, back half implied data?  Are you above the full year 6.5 still?
Mike Kneeland: We're better than both.
David Raso: What Im alluding to is you mentioned the incremental margins in the second quarter were high and obviously the year-to-date, the Pro Forma incremental margins are 76.  The second half of the year your comment about the inner play between rates up, utilization down about the same profit and profile as you had, we saw in the second quarter when rate drives the story more than utilization, especially a net positive for the EBITDA that (inaudible), second half we have more synergies as well than we had in the second quarter run rate. So when you look at the incremental EBITDA for the back half of the year  you can answer it any way you want.  You can answer it versus the 76 you had in the first half.  You can answer it versus the 89 you had in the second quarter, with or without the self insurance reserve.  How would you look at the second half incremental EBITDA? The way you're laying the guidance out, it's going to be more of a rental rate driven second half than you even saw in the first half, which is usually a positive for EBITDA.  So I'm just trying to get a feel of how you're looking at the profitability.
William Plummer: So you're right.  Year-to-date our adjusted EBITDA margin  or excuse me, flow through  is about 76%.  As we look at the second half, those are positive forces, better rate and the synergy's kicking in. We expect also that there will be solid underlying cost performance.  So we feel very good about our ability to deliver flow through in the second half.  When we guided in May, we said 70% plus.  We're already on track to do better than that and we are hopeful that we'll do better yet. But without nailing the number too specifically, I'd just say it feels pretty good right now for being able to deliver flow through in the second half.
David Raso: All right, well, if you won't give us the bogie versus the fixed first half of the 89% 2Q, is the premise accurate that  let's take it at face value that you feel you're raising rates, it's hurting utilization, it's your choice. And we could argue since it's your (AD) marketplace you're not seeing it.  But basically if it's as you're saying, rates up, we get a little bit dinged on utilization, but look at what dropped to the bottom line. If you just changed the guidance to be more rate oriented and less utilization oriented, why was the earlier answer that your outlook on profitability is similar to a couple months ago.  The premise would be that would be a better profit profile because it's more rate driven in the second half. You didn't change your CapEx because the size of the fleet is not going any differently than you thought.
William Plummer: Yes, no, it is more rate driven.  I think the way I'd say it is that our view on profitability in dollar terms is about the same as it was back in May.  But our view on flow through is higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya  City.
Manish Somaiya: Just a follow up on what Matt outlined, I think you mentioned that one of the weak markets that hurt utilization was Eastern Canada with some of the other markets being strong.  But Matt, was that the only weakness in the quarter or were there other regions prone to weakness?
Matt Flannery: Specifically, it was really Ontario in Eastern Canada.  There are other parts of Eastern Canada as a region.  As Mike had stated earlier, all regions were up year-over-year.  But Ontario was down and we probably ran a little bit heavy on assets there as they came out of the seasonality.  We probably didn't recognize the softness quick enough, if I was going to be self critical.  I would have moved a few million dollars out of there sooner. But as far as the growth over all the rest of the regions, we've seen a little bit of softness in the northeast, but softness is still high single digit to mid single digit growth on a year-over-year basis.  It just doesn't keep up with the growth that we had there last year.  That was our top geographic region in the whole organization last year. So that's what we're seeing but overall we're still seeing growth in all of our geographic regions.  I don't know if that answers your question.
Manish Somaiya: Just looking at Page 19 of the investor presentation, you talk about fleet mix and changes to them.  Can you talk about lead times with OEMs as it pertains to earth moving, which his obviously a big focus item for you?  And then where does pricing stand as far as buying new equipment?
Mike Kneeland: So lead times in earth moving, Manish, are actually not too bad.  We can access earth moving equipment that we might be interested in with pretty short lead times.  And in fact, in some CAT classes there's stuff in inventory that we can have right off the bat. So in earth moving, not too bad; in some of the more popular other CAT classes, still some decent lead times.  If you're looking for high capacity reach forklifts it's still a decent lead time to get some of those units. So all in all, it's a little better than it was in terms of lead times earlier in the year.  But it depends on the CAT class that you're looking.  And I'm sorry, I forgot the second part of your question.
Manish Somaiya: Pricing.
Mike Kneeland: Pricing is pretty god for us.  As we said back in the May update, we've been rolling through looking at the RSC purchases or the purchases that we would do to support adding RSC to our business and we've been renegotiating the purchase agreements with the vendors for those purchases. And we've been realizing some nice price reductions in the range of 2% to 5% consistent with what we've said previously.  So that's going pretty well for the purchases for 2012 and at the same time we're negotiating around our 2013 purchase plans and we feel good about how that has progressed so far. So the price environment still is pretty decent for us and we'll continue to drive a hard bargain as we always do.
Matt Flanner: Manish, if I could take the opportunity to expound on the answer I gave before, I'll correct what I didn't mention in our opening.  As I say, we had 35 states that had double digit growth.  I forgot to mention the provinces and Ontario was the only province where we did not have year-over-year growth.  So similar to the comments I made earlier, our growth has been really broad-based.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (Nick Kopla  Thompson).
(Nick Kopla: Is there anything you're willing to share with us on how utilization has trended to date in July?
Michael Kneeland: So (Nick), I think the way I'd say it is that the trends that we saw in June continue in July.  And I say it that way very specifically because I think in order to understand what's going on in the business you have to disaggregate utilization into the two pieces, right. OAC on rent, we're still seeing nice growth in OAC on rent in the numerator of that calculation here in July year-over-year.  Seasonal build, we're getting a seasonal build.  So that's continuing. We can come back and talk about some of the factors that are driving that.  But we brought a ton of fleet in in the first half of the year.  We brought a lot in and we brought it in very quickly.  That was a drag on utilization as we got into the May-June timeframe.  It continues to be a drag on utilization here in early July.
William Plummer: I would also point out that we are still going through the integration process where we've integrated 50 locations and we're going to ramp that up very quickly and as we go through this quarter most, if not all of them, behind us.
(Nick Kopla: Then one follow-up question; the $50 million revenue synergy target, where is that coming from?  What are the components there?
William Plummer: It'll be a combination of harmonizing contracts, getting everybody on the core system.  There will be some cross selling, as we had mentioned about the trans power HVAC.  The mix will be  have a higher flow through and that's why we had stated $50 million of incremental EBITDA somewhere from $60 million to $70 million range and you can guess why the flow through would be higher is because a lot of the synergies dont have any additional cost related to them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli: My question is with regard to debt and Im just trying to figure out where the debt balance is at the end of the year.  And you guys maintained guidance for $90 million to $140 million of free cash flow usage and that does not include the merger cost.  Is the merger cost you're referring to the $90 million in the appendix?  Or is it more than that?
Michael Kneeland: So the cash portion of our merger-related costs for the year, the cash portion is going to be  bear with me one second here.  I want to make sure I've got a useful number.  It is those transaction costs that we've already paid, which is banker fees, lawyer fees and consultants but it's also the other transaction-related costs that are in process now such as the lease termination cost, severance cost for employees and so on. And I don't have within my reach right here and now the number that we have excluded but that would be the simplest way to kind of get you to a year-end debt balance.
Philip Volpicelli: Maybe I'll follow up with you.
Michael Kneeland: I'll  yes, if you could follow up offline, I'd appreciate that.
Philip Volpicelli: And the second part of the question is as you look at the cash structure, clearly you've got high (inaudible) that are, I guess becoming callable and then your future.  Is the thought process that you guys will try to keep your balance sheet  in other words, will you try to do smaller refinancing or will there be a larger refinancing at some point in the near future to kind of turn out a lot of the smaller pieces that are (inaudible)?
Michael Kneeland: So we're looking at our alternatives basically every day to see which is the preferred route to go.  You're right.  Right now we don't have an immediate call available to us that  on any of the really high coupon issues that makes sense to exercise.  I think the first call that we have available on our 10 and seven-eights issue comes up sometime like this time next year, if I remember correctly. And so that certainly will be a point at which we will make some kind of a decision.  Until then, though, we'll continue to look at not just the high coupon but all of the components that are in debt to see if there's anything that makes sense to do right here and now. So far the answer has been now.  But the one thing I would point out is that we will refinance our AR securitization facility over the course of the next couple of months, so that's something that we will get done. But in terms of the longer debt issues, we're going to continue to look at it on an ongoing basis and we'll let you know if we decide to do something.
Philip Volpicelli: And presumably the AR securitization can grow now that you've got all of RSC AR also (inaudible).
Michael Kneeland: I'm sorry, say again.
Philip Volpicelli: Presumably the AR securitization can grow now that you've got all of RSC AR also (inaudible).
Michael Kneeland: Yes, we'll look at upsizing it a little bit as we go through the refinance process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ted Grace  Susquehanna.
Ted Grace: So I was just wondering if we could walk through the cadence of time utilization by month in the quarter and then kind of compare it to the monthly cadence of either CapEX spend or OEC additions and then also the store closures. And kind of what I'm curious to understand is just even if we just look at it optically how those would coincide, especially the store closures.  You closed 6% of the fleet.  In my mind I just think there's a transient kind of dilutive effect it has on time utilization because if you close a store then for some period of time equipment is in transit being absorbed by new stores. And I'm just trying to understand how that also may have contributed to the commentary you made, Michael, about just the timing of CapEx.
Michael Kneeland: So I'll start it.  So the cadence of time utilization through the quarter  I'll just give you the month, Ted  66.3 in April and that was up four-tenths from the prior year, 67.7 in May, that was up one-tenth, and 68.2 in June, which was down eight-tenths from the prior year. And those are all Pro Forma numbers, Pro Forma numbers.  So it's apples to apples in the period.  And to compare that, most of the closures that we got done in the second quarter  there were 61 of them  happened in June. So it's always hard to kind of tie direct correlation between those activities but clearly if there was a distraction, June would have been the time that there was a distraction as a result of all the closures and personnel moves.
Ted Grace: Yes, I was hoping that that's the trend we would have seen.  And in terms of the OEC additions, could you just give a sense for how those kind of layered in across the month  across the quarter?
Michael Kneeland: You mean the purchases and the 
Ted Grace: Whatever's the easiest way to express it, whether it's CapEx or OEC addition.
Michael Kneeland: Across the months, don't have it handy here.
Ted Grace: We can follow up then.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, they're showing it to me as we speak here.  So in April, gross  those are all gross?  April gross CapEx was $210 million; May was $179 million; and June was $120 million.  Those are all Pro Forma, apples to apples with both companies included.
Ted Grace: Then the second part of the utilization question, I was just curious to get your perspective on is it looked like there was a greater shift towards earth moving and trench and safety and other and away from (areals). And as we think about it, (areals) tend to have the highest time utilization, so there is a mix shift that clearly ends up being manifested in your reported time utilization.  On Page 20, I know you show the time utilization in the second quarter.  Could you either give us the year-ago comp or at least help us think about qualitatively what that impact or how that dynamic might have played out because, again, that would provide, again, optically a lower time utilization when, in fact, the numbers could have been better on an underlying basis.
William Plummer: That's a great question.  And it's also a great observation that our fleet mix has changed dramatically and it's more in line with our longer-term objective, which is to expand the horizon on our earth moving and trench and other. And when you take a look at the Pro Forma fleet mix, we're not around 45% versus 49% (areal).  And to your point, that will have some bearing on our time utilization.
Michael Kneeland: So let's  I hate to do this on the fly  but maybe one of the things we can do is just to give you a comparable Pro Forma number for some of the figures that are on Slide 20.  Let us look at updating the slide to include some comparable information so that you have a sense of where we're coming from on a Pro Forma basis.
Operaotr: This concludes the question-and-answer portion for today.  I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer.
Michael Kneeland: Well, thanks, Operator.  I want to thank everyone for joining us today and on our next call we'll have a full quarter of combined results to share with you as opposed to as reported. In the meantime, you can always look at  look us up in (Granich) and please download our presentation from our website.  If you have any questions that you'd like to put forward, please contact Fred Bratman and/or visit one of our locations. And with that, that concludes our remarks for today and I want to thank everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you, once again, for participating.  This concludes the 

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer  William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer  Matt Flannery - Executive Vice President of Operations and Sales. 
Analysts: Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs Ted Grace  Susquehanna Manish Somaiya -- Citi Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer David Raso  ISI Group Henry Kirn  UBS
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Rentals First Quarter 2012 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risk and uncertainties many of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer and Matt Flannery, Executive Vice President - Operations and Sales.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome. With me today, is our CFO, Bill Plummer, Matt Flannery, our Executive Vice President of Operations and Sales and other members of our senior management team. Matt has been leading the integration planning for our merger with RSC and I have asked him to share some details about that process, so I have three speakers this morning. But first I want to spend a few minutes on the quarter and the closing of the transaction. So Ill start with the results.  You saw the numbers we reported last night. We had a very good quarter, we showed 21% growth in rental revenues and realized $231 million of adjusted EBITDA in our slowest seasonal quarter. In fact our performance surpassed all prior first quarters with record time utilization, record fleet growth and record adjusted EBITDA and a record margin. Once again we drove the profitable growth faster than the construction recovery and this time we got some modest help, from the environment. Spending our non-residential construction appears to be running year over year. Now, I have to wait for the March numbers to see of that holds true.  And the architecture billing index, which has remained above 50 for the commercial and industrial sector for 7 straight months and this morning the ABI reported that the March index for our sector was 56. So, as you know we felt good about 2012 going into this year and we are just as bullish now and even more confident about our outlook.  We put $300 million of gross CapEx into the market in the first three months, because we saw demand and as a result show we didnt just grow our fleet, we put it on at rent, at good margins.   Our rates improved more than 6% year-over-year, and time utilization was our first quarter record for us at 62.3%. Now, both of these metrics are in line with our expectations. These results speak volumes about the effectiveness of our strategy and the ongoing secular shift towards renting.  Were managing the business to a new kind of construction cycle, one that benefits from both the upswing in activity and a change in customer behavior. Now, were making the right decisions at the top, more important our branch teams and our sales organizations are doing a stellar job of acting on those decisions, by living up to our promise of exceptional customer service, as the heart of our value proposition and are conducting business more safely than ever. We cut our [ph]reportable rate for more than half in the first quarter, so a lot of credit goes to this field and I commend them for the progress that they are making.  Now, as a quick overview, I can tell you that all of our operating regions show double digit rental revenue improvement in the quarter compared to last year. But our strategy doesnt focus just on the top line. Were pushing hard for profitable growth, in the Southwest for example where the environment has been challenging over the past two years. We showed 20% rental revenue growth in the quarter. And we also had a 5.7% rate improvement, as well as the strongest utilization improvement of any region, up 7.6 percentage points.  In the Gulf, with demand drove rates up 8.6%, our time utilization also improved. Now that being said, some areas are more robust than others. In Eastern Canada, although we are up year-over-year, we dont expect the same vigorous market conditions that we saw last year. We still anticipate that rental revenue growths will be in the double digits, but it maybe theyre at slower pace. Now, the balance of rates and utilization is top of mind for all of our branches in every sales person. Our people know that when we compete for business, particularly big projects, the revenue dollars could be exiting, if the margins have to be protected.  Some sectors overseeing demand are energy, which is stronger than ever and plant construction in the manufacturing sector. Also institutional projects and big urban areas like Montreal and Dallas are seeing growth. And in more rural areas states like Oregon, the construction of datacenters represent a growing opportunity for us. Our specialty business in trench safety, power and HVAC had a very strong quarter with rental revenues up more than 40% year-over-year and an improvement in operating margin. Now some of that comes from our acquisitions in the trailing 9 months, but even excluding acquisitions, we still had over 24% growth in our specialty rentals.  Its good to see project activity pick up again. And it still has a long way to go but our customers are in a better place than they were a year ago, particularly our target customers. When we look at our key accounts and national accounts as segments of our customer base, the rental revenue growth for each group was higher than the companys 20% growth overall.  And we talk to our customers all the time and are optimistic about this year. And this supports our belief that 2012 will continue to be a year of significant growth for us. Now, very soon we will have a much larger organization, putting momentum behind that growth. And we schedule our special meeting of stockholders for April 27 to approve the RSC merger, and we planned a closer transaction on April 30. Now, immediately after closing on what we call Day 1, well start communicating with all employees of both companies and move immediately into integration mode. The planning process of the past four months has been intense. Every detail has been scrutinized. Am very proud of the way we are handling this work load without taking our eyes off our customers.  In a matter of weeks we will begin building on the strengths of each company to form the worlds best equipment rental provider. United Rentals and RSC are both strong companies right now and are going to be even stronger united. And well open the door for greater creation of value for our customers and our investors and that has been our goal all along. And we are very close to acting on those opportunities.  So, with that Im going to ask Matt to spend a few minutes on the integration and then Bill will cover our financial results and after that well take your questions, so over to you Matt. 
Matt Flannery: Great, thanks Mike and good morning everyone. When the senior leadership teams of both RSC and United Rentals got together in early January, we were all ready in complete agreement about what would be our guiding principles for the integration process. These three principles were defined early on, as part of the decision to combine the operations.  First, we would do view any and all changes through the eyes of the customer. Any lapse in customer service would be unacceptable. Second, we would be diligent about making sure we created the best in class organization for the new United Rentals. We wanted to make sure we retained the top talent and continued on with the best process for each business function. And third we committed to follow the money and look hard for synergy opportunities along every step of building our new organization. I would like to take a minute to tell you all how weve gone about this process. When Mike asked me to lead this integration, the first challenge that I confronted was at the most fundamental level. How can we pull together an integration team from both organizations without hurting the base business? Well, as you all read last night, both companies stayed on-track with strong first quarter performances despite the fact that weve had over 100 people deeply involved in the integration planning and thousands of others more than little curious about the process. We accomplished this through the efforts of our align management as well as productive communication from both (inaudible). From an integration process perspective, we organized our efforts into 14 functional and strategic teams. All focused on a specific area of the business. These teams have a total of 25 sub teams working to assist them. Each team is jointly led by the functional expert from each organization to ensure that the end result incorporates the best thinking of both companies. One example of this would be the go-to market strategy team. Theyve been focused on sales, structure and customer segmentation. As a first step, the senior vice president of sales from each team reviewed the best practices from both companies. Then we had multiple field leaders from both organizations break out into sub teams. Each sub team is charged with focusing on a single component of the sales approach. By having the sub teams drilled down to the most basic customer touch points weve been able to be very precise in identifying the challenges and opportunities that employees will face as the new United Rentals. All of our field managers will be handed a sales playbook on day one after the close. The playbook will identify what issues may arise and how they should handle them in the field. Weve compiled similar playbooks for the business functions of operations, human resources as well as for all the corporate departments so that employees can be focused on keeping this a seamless transition for the customer. We want to be sure that everybody is on the same page. While these teams are working on building the best process, they also continue to look for potential synergies. In other words follow the money. For the past 12 weeks each team has had weekly meetings to provide updates on the synergy opportunities they found and they would then report them to our Integration Management Office or IMO. The IMO evaluates each opportunity and gives guidance on how each potential decision would affect the business. In other words, is this synergy reasonable to attain. The IMO then reports out to our steering committee for final review every two weeks. Weve gone through this process methodically since February and we will continue to review opportunities long after this field is closed. These efforts have resulted in each team preparing detailed action plan that has not only uncovered synergies in excess of our original estimate of 200 million, but have also helped us to identify best practice. For example, we are in agreement that RSCs total control system is the best way to help our customers manage their equipment usage. And the fast dispatch system used by United Rentals will help the combined organization operate its delivery vehicles in a more cost effective and efficient manner. Another area where we spend much energy is on the people selection process. Weve said throughout this process that we are focused on building the best team in the industry and I am pleased to report that the leadership teams from both organizations are very well represented. Earlier this month, we announced internally our field leadership team which includes 14 vice presidents heading up our branch network, 7 from RSC and 7 from United Rentals. Well also have 4 senior vice presidents working in the field; 2 from RSC and 2 from United. And although having these numbers be identical was never a target. The need signifies the balance that well have in representation from each organization throughout our field network. And before I turn the call over to Bill I would just like to add that there is one thing I have learned in my 20+ years in the business and in the experience that I have gained with multiple acquisitions and to that success will be driven by the ability of the new team to work as a cohesive unit. For the past 4 months, I spend most of my time with the RSC and United Rentals employees doing just that working side by side getting prepared for this integration. And it is very encouraging to realize that we are much more alike than we are different. I feel confident that this alignment will help immensely in delivering a smooth integration process for our employees and our customers. Now let me turn the call over to Bill for the financial review.
William Plummer: Alright, thanks Matt and good morning to everyone. In the spirit of saving more time for Q&A my comments would be briefer than normal and let me start by reminding everyone of the change that we made in some of the key metrics that Ill be touching on here this morning. Effective, that the beginning of this year we adopted the ARA methodology for calculating certain key metrics, they include rental rates, time utilization, dollar utilization and fleet age. So, all my comments about the metrics here will be on the new ARA basis and year-over-year comparisons will have the prior period adjusted as well. So, let me start with rental revenue as always very strong quarter rental revenue as Mike pointed out. Rental revenues up 20.5% year-over-year and we had strong contributions from both rate and volume in that number Rental rates were up 6.3% for the quarter over the prior year and were on a sequential basis essentially flat, they were down 0.08%, so lets call that flat for argument sake. So all-in-all the rate environment was solid and fully consistent with what we expected for the early part of the year and indeed fully consistent with the 5% target that weve laid out for the full year. Volume was also strong. We were up 18% year-over-year in OEC on rent, up to $2.6 billion of OEC on rent, a very strong number for the first quarter. It obviously reflects the size of our fleet being larger. We spent a robust amount of CapEx in the first quarter and increased the average size of our fleet by 16%. But it also reflects nice performance on time utilization. Time was 52.3% and that was up 120 basis points over the comparable period last year and that represents yet another record for the quarter in the companys history. So, strong time on a larger fleet and getting the rate, its a pretty strong combination, we are firing on all cylinders and it gives us great momentum on rental revenue for the early part of 2012. The other part of the revenue story thats worth noting is the used equipment result for the quarter. We sold $76 million of proceeds of used equipment in Q1 and thats up robustly from $32 million last year. Combined with that huge volume though was the gross margin result that was very strong, 38.2% gross margin and while it down a little bit from last year the size what we sold was truly impressive. The real driver of that strong margin performance was our channel mix. We sold 68% of that total volume of used sales through our retail channel. It was combined with a robust pricing environment, dont get me wrong, but the channel mix is a major driver for us and so we were very pleased to be able to move that volume through our retail channel. A total of $147 million of OEC sold in the first quarter, another very strong performance for us in that regard. Let me move briefly to profitability measures, anyway you cut it, again a strong quarter for us. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter came in at $231 million and that was up 59% over last year, $86 million more of adjusted EBITDA this year compared to last year and along with that a great performance on margin. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter was 35.2% and that was an increase of 750 basis points over last year. So nice performance on the top line, also good results in the cost of rentals and our SG&A performance as well, all of that contributed nicely in Q1. On a flow-through basis, the adjusted EBITDA flow-through to total revenue was 64.7% for the quarter, again a robust performance and fully consistent with the range that we have given you for the full year of 62% to 65%. EPS, again, another strong performance there. Adjusted EPS for the quarter is $0.36 of profit and that compares to a $0.32 a share loss last year. So, again, by any measure a strong profitability performance. A couple of words real briefly on our capital plan for fleet and free cash flow for the quarter. On CapEx we spent $390 million of gross rental CapEx in the quarter. Thats a very very strong CapEx performance on the companys part and I must say a strong performance on the part of the vendors as well. They were able to deliver a very large amount very rapidly in Q1 and certainly it was something that we wanted to take because we saw a very robust demand out there as you could imagine from taking $390 million of gross rental CapEx spend and still driving improvements in your time utilization in the first quarter seasonally weak. Its a pretty strong performance. So, $390 of gross capital spends in the quarter. The spend has been as we have done for the last and several quarters, focused more on those categories that we are interested in, in the particular Boom and Scissor lifts and Forklifts and we have got some more earth moving equipment coming in for the quarter. So a good spend quarter for us on gross capital. Our free cash flow in the quarter was a usage of $89 million that compares to a free cash flow source of $70 million in the first quarter of last year. The swing certainly reflecting the larger capital spend that we have played this year. Let me as a final couple of comments update our thoughts about our outlook for 2012. Ill reemphasize but these are standalone view of our outlook and obviously we will update the forward view of the company once we have closed the transaction with RSC. Our expectation is that we will offer some further guidance on the combined company in the middle of May once we have had a chance to take a closer look at some more detailed data from RSC. But for United Rentals, as it relates to rate, we are reaffirming the 5% rental rate improvement that we expect for the full year, and as I said before, our first quarter performance is clearly consistent with that level of improvement. On time utilization, again we are sticking with the 0.5% improvement in time utilization for the full year that we had previously provided. And again, our first quarter experience is consistent with that kind of time, especially when you look at the pace that we have been bringing in new capital. On capital spend, we are going to continue to target about $1 billion of gross capital spend for the year. Although now given the strong start on used sales proceeds we have reduced slightly the amount of net rental CapEx that we expect for the full year. We are now calling net rental CapEx in the $700 to $750 range, down roughly $70 million from where we were previously. I will point out that I have got a question or two from folks about whether that reduction in the net rental CapEx target without moving our free cash flow target for the full year does that imply any reduction in our outlook for profitability over the course of the year? The answer there is definitively no. We just are reducing the net rental CapEx to be consistent with what we have experienced and what we now expect in the way of used sales proceeds over the course of the full year. Again, our free cash flow target for the year is unchanged, its $50 to $100 million free cash flow negative and again we think thats the appropriate level of capital as we look at the year currently. If we execute the CapEx plan at these levels we will improve the age of our fleet, over the course of the year, it will improve roughly two-and-a-half months over the course of the full year. We got roughly three months of improvement from the beginning of the year to the end of the first quarter with the level of spend that we did and the level of robust used sales. So that will continue to play out as we go through the rest of the year. On the profitability front, in terms of flow-through, we still think that flow through will be in the mid-60% range for the full year, call it 62% to 67%, again consistent with what we have said previously. Finally, let me just offer one thought on the merger. As I said, we will be updating our view about the merged company in comments that we will make a couple of weeks after we have closed. But having just completed the financing transaction I just wanted to remind everyone of our view on one of the key measures as it relates to the capital structure our total leverage. Total debt-to-EBITDA we have said previously, we expect to come down rapidly. We have included in our investor deck a view of what that means. We show there on a pro forma basis for 2011, 2012, and 2013 the total debt-to-EBITDA leverage that we expect assuming the forecast that we included in the S4. So, on a pro forma basis with those forecast assumed, we would be something like 4.6 times debt-to-EBITDA at the end of 2011, but that will come down to roughly 4 times by the end of this year and down further to roughly 3 times, 2.9 times to be overly precise, by the end of 2013. That kind of deleveraging is what we have in mind and what we think is appropriate and available to us on a combined basis. With that Ill end my comments and ask the operator to open the call for questions and answers. Operator?
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Hi good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Matt, can you talk about your updated cost cutting targets? I believe in slide 15 it looks like the branch consolidation number has moved significantly higher, I wonder if you could just step us through the change in branch plan and also touch on relatively lower share on the corporate side as well?
Matt Flannery: Well, as you could imagine, we had our original model back in November/December time frame that we built out. I think at that time Bill had stated that we are going to have about two-thirds of our synergies were going to be realized in the first 12 months. As we have got into the process and started looking under the hood there is some puts and takes in some areas and you recognize one of them in the branch consolidation opportunity. We also think we can get some of that done sooner than the original model. So we have actually updated the probably most significant update is we have updated our first 12-month, say to $147 million realized in the first 12 months and that was from about $132 to $133 million previous.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Matt, in terms of the timing you touched on to some extent is it fair to assume that the branch consolidation will be some of the faster moving operations, so is that the biggest driver of the increase to $147 million from $132 million or are there other factors that we should be thinking about?
Matt Flannery: I would say real estate overall we have been able to find ways to accelerate. There are no other major puts and takes but will continue to refine this and as Bill has stated there are some things we havent been able to look at yet due to regulatory reasons and when we get into those after the close that we will might be able to incorporate some more detail into our mid-May update.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And Michael and Bill, can you touch on the CapEx sections that you are seeing out of your competitors? Its great to see you are putting the new fleet to work at very high utilization rates. For the first quarter here, I am wondering if you can comment on the range of CapEx increases that you are seeing out of your competition as well? I think we have been hearing up to 50% CapEx increases in the first quarter off of a low base for a lot of the smaller companies but we would love to hear your view on the landscape? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Jerry, its Mike. What we have been hearing  and from some various executives of some of our vendors is that they have been seeing a big pickup. It really came  the ARA has their first show in the first quarter and thats where there is a lot of traffic and they are seeing some upward activity. Its safe to say that I think thats a positive sign for the industry as a whole and also from United Rentals specifically we are well positioned because we have had our orders well in advance of making sure that we dont get squeezed by any lead times.
William Plummer: Yes, I think that a key point is that folks who are placing orders right now are going to face a much more challenging environment in terms of lead times. You have to understand what that means, when they will get the equipment and where it will put them relative to the seasoned. Thats one of the things we feel good about is that we place pre-orders very extensively for the early part of this year. You see it in the CapEx that we realize in Q1. Ill mention something that I forgot to mention actually in my opening comments that as we look at our CapEx plan for the first half, previously we have said we would be spending about $600 million out of the roughly $1 billion of gross capital spend that we are going to spend this year. Our view now is that we will spend a little north of $700 million of that $1 billion in the first half and that reflects not only the pre-orders that we placed but also the relative strength of the vendors performance. So we feel we are positioned well and yes, we are seeing some of the others place orders and the question is when do they get it and what does that mean in the marketplace.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Michael Kneeland: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Hi guys, congratulations on the quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: I was hoping to touch on the rental gross margins and the incrementals, in particular, 84% on our math is very impressive relative to our expectations kind of history in the guidance you have given. Just wondering if you could give us as sense for what went on in the quarter that may have helped you hit those numbers and if we could possibly do the cost of rent bridge to understand the puts and takes in the quarter that would be great?
William Plummer:  Sure, Ted. So, clearly the impact of rental rate is something you always have to be mind full of in this business and we had a good rental rate performance on a year-over-year basis, up 6.3%, so that gives you a nice backdrop in terms of the contribution of revenue falling to profitability but in addition to that there were a couple of, I guess, I would say one-off items that you should be aware of in order to kind of make sense of it. One is, we had a several million dollars benefit from a recapture of bonus accrual from 2011. We accrued for bonus during calendar 2011 based on an assumption about what we would pay out. When we actually made our final decisions about payout in the first quarter, we ended up paying out less than we accrued. And so, we recognize that benefit as a bonus recapture in the first quarter, in cost of rent that accounted for, as I said a few millions bucks, call it $3 million to $4 million. So that helped, we have had couple of other sort of minor puts and takes. There was a one-time personal property tax benefit that we received that was close onto a million bucks that fell in to the cost of rent bucket as well. So that is another one timer that helped with the follow through in the Q1. The rest of the year-over-year variance in cost of rent, the great majority of it is driven by variable cost associated with higher volume. As I said, volume was up over 18% in the quarter and between repair and maintenance, and delivery expense, and fuel costs, and salaries and benefits associated with the incremental headcount, that really drove the great majority of the year-over-year increase, and as I said, offset by those two benefits, those one-time benefits that I pointed out. So I think thats probably the way to think about it. A lot of volume related cost going up, as you would expect and as you want and then a couple of one-timers helping you out to give you that outstanding flow through. Is that helpful? We lost Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  Say it again.
William Plummer:  I just wanted to make sure that thats useful for you, anything else?
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  That is exactly what I was (inaudible).
William Plummer:  Great.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  And then on the SG&A side just similar, strong kind of leverage performances, I was just wondering, if you could talk about the quarter and how we might think about the rest of the year? And, I will get back in queue.  
William Plummer:  Sure, so for the year-over-year in SG&A, the big drivers there, obviously wages and bonus accrual would be sort of several million dollars of that, let us say it was up $7 million, so let us say $3 million of it or so was wage and  excuse me. Total wage and bonus would have been closer to up 7 by itself, but I would point out there was a one-time headwind from that bonus recapture effect in SG&A. It was a tail wind of a few million dollars in cost of rent, there was little bit of a headwind of about a million bucks, if I remember correctly, about a million bucks in SG&A, but that combined with other wage and bonus accrual adjustments would have taken SG&A up about 7, volume related to commissions and other selling related costs would be up another 3, so now you are up 10 and then we had a very strong bad debt performance in the quarter that actually took that down to the roughly $7 million increase overall. There are a couple of other nits and nats that are kind of offset each other, but those were the big movers. So, wage and bonus and I will call it up 7, volume call it up 3, and then bad debt call it down 4 to get you to -- down 3 to 4 to get you to roughly the net up 7 that we reported.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  Okay that is helpful. And on a go forward basis I know it is going to change in a couple of weeks of the combined company but any kind of guidance, Mike would be willing to share with us?
Matt Flannery:  Go forward for these two cost lines.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  Yeah, well SG&A and then the two cost lines?
Matt Flannery:  I think, the couple of things to keep in mind is just the bonus accrual will flex with how performance plays out over the course of the year. So, we started out very strong, we are accruing to a little bit higher level of bonus than we expected in our original plan for the year and you have to watch that to see how it plays over the course of the remainder of the year. In cost to rent, you have got a trend of lowering the fleet age so there will be a benefit as we go through the year there from lower repair and maintenance expense, as a share of overall cost of rentals. So you have to keep that mind, there will be a little bit of a tail wind if we can keep the age trending down the way that we planned. Those are the things that come to mind right off. We have raises, marine increase is scheduled to take effect, that took effect at the beginning of April, so that will be on an absolute dollars basis, there will be increase of, call it 2.5% to 3% that flows through our both cost to rent and SG&A because of raises. So you have to make sure that you keep that in mind. Those are the things that come to mind Ted.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna:  Okay, that is super helpful guys, congratulations and best of luck of this quarter. 
Matt Flannery:  Thank you 
William Plummer:  Thanks Ted.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Manish Somaiya from Citi, your question please.
Manish Somaiya -- Citi :  Good morning everyone and my hearty congratulations as well. 
Matt Flannery:  Thank you
William Plummer:  Thank you  
Manish Somaiya -- Citi :  Couple of question, I guess since we have Mat on the phone, I guess particularly on the integration Mat, obviously, the slides are terrific as far as kind of laying out your thought process. But, as we kind of think about on the ground execution and with 2Q and 3Q being seasonally strong for the industry, how should we think about how much is going to get done over the next two quarters? Is it something that is going to have to wait till fourth quarter? And then, related to that how quickly do we expect to have the MIS systems aligned?
Matt Flannery:  Great questions Manish, I would say as far as the synergy timing, what we do expect to get in this calendar year will be more towards the back half of the year. We really need to use the second quarter to validate some of the assumptions we have made to take look and make sure that -- we want to be prudent. As I had stated in my opening comments, the most important thing is to make this a seamless transition for the customer. With that being said, whether it falls in the third or fourth quarter is not going to be managed output for us. As opposed to getting them done as quickly as we can, so that we can move with our operational best practices. So that will be my answer on the timing issue of the synergies. 
William Plummer:  The other question you have was on the IT, IT we are looking at a go live date Manish, somewhere between 60 and 90 days in close. 
Matt Flannery:  Yes.
Manish Somaiya -- Citi :  Okay and then just two other quick questions, one is on branding, any thoughts on keeping two brands, one brand and then just on Tier 4, I know we have talked about Tier 4 equipment in the past, but now that we have more of that equipment in the field, may be if you can talk about what kind of pricing you are getting on Tier 4 versus non Tier 4? Are you getting more because certainly I mean you are paying more on Tier 4, so may be if you can just kind outline somethings there for us? 
Michael Kneeland :  Manish, I will handle the branding question and I will pass of the other part of your question on prices of the equipment to both Matt and Bill. But, branding is a great question, I want to make sure everyone understand that the name will remain United Rentals, but to me a brand is much more than just a name. It is about understanding and implementing a vision and getting collective of thoughts from our employees our customers and our investors. And once we collect an information, we will come forward at the appropriate time to voice and communicate what our vision and our statement will be going forward, but right day one it is going to be United Rentals and RSC, it will be plus United RSC and I will tell you that we have got, -- I assume this is what Mat talked about on teams from both sides. We have a gentlemen from RSC who is leading this up, going deep inside the organization and collecting some very very good information about the peoples collective thoughts around both companies and I think that is the important. This is an opportunity for us, because it is a new phase of not only our company but I think of the industry to step back and take a look at our brand. On the question of pricing --
Matt Flannery:  Manish, was your question about whether we realized different pricing, different rental rates for Tier 4 versus Tier 3 units.
Manish Somaiya -- Citi :  Yes, exactly that.  
Matt Flannery:  No, the short answer. Although, I will expand a little bit, we are looking at segregating the assets for two reasons, not just for pricing reasons, but if we have a -- as the manufacturers are manufacturing a limited amount of Tier 4 and as you can imagine they face into the fleet will initially we a small percentage, we want to segregate them out to make sure that customers who have Tier 4 requirements on the project or in the states that they are in, that those assets are separated out, so they dont -- the worst think we could do is send a Tier 4 engine to a project or customer that doesnt need it. So that does give us the opportunity to separate them out from the rest of the category which then you would obviously look at how the pricing will play out. 
Manish Somaiya -- Citi :  Got you, thank you so much, I appreciate it.
Michael Kneeland :  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer, your question please.
William Plummer:  Hey Scott
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:  Thanks Mike, good morning. I guess my first question would be, how do you guys feel with regard to visibility into the upcoming peak season and the full year from what you are seeing and hearing from the field on, just on projects and what is the visibility (inaudible)?
William Plummer:  I will talk about, what we, the visibility around the customers and I will ask Matt to talk more about projects and what he is seeing more of from a geography stand point. As you know, we have quality business reviews with all of our business segments and we go into depth about talking about what we are understanding and hearing from the customers. Similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year, our first quarter results from all indications from our customers remains true 80% came back and said that they see 2012 to be equal to or better than 2011. So, we see that as being comforting, I will also tell you anecdotally, and all the quite comments I have had with customers. They are seeing the level of biding activity go up again and that is another healthy indication of the environment. As far as geography and projects Mat will you 
Matt Flannery:  Scott as far geographically our growth has been very broad based in North America, we had all but four states showing year-over-year growth and the large majority of those have been double digit, as far as those states showing growth. And the four states that havent shown growth are in the single digits and then in Canada, all but two provinces has shown growth so, the growth is wide spread, which is good news for us, they are coming from the sectors that you would imagine, the energy sector through power plants and oil and gas drilling, through manufacturing there is some large projects that are going on there like to Walker project and the BigThree[ph] are starting to invest back into their plants and even the commercial sector is up, right here in lower Manhattan, we have got five major projects going on with the four Freedom Towers and the 9/11 Memorial as well as a path transportation upgrade, so the opportunities are pretty broad based. 
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:  Great, thanks, if I could sneak through into my last question, could you comment on the weather impact in first quarter, if there is, if it influences the second quarter at all? And then Bill, separately how should we model used equipment sales margins going forward? Thanks, that is it from me, I appreciate it.
Michael Kneeland :  Excuse me, can you rephrase your first question, did you talk about the weather?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:  Yeah, just weather, general question on how you think it influenced the quarter and will that have any influence on second quarter results.
Michael Kneeland :  Weather is always one that and in particularly in the fourth quarter and first quarter is really any mans guess, as we go through it. As you know that everyone has noted that there was a very warm and dry winter across North America and has it benefited us? Absolutely. How can I quantify it? Very difficult. Do I think it is going to impact the project and our type of customer that we go after in the second quarter? No, most of those are well start up projects, they have to bring their steel, the steel is ordered well in advance, they just cant fast forward that that quickly. With regard to some of the smaller projects, yeah there are probably some projects that got longer term that probably came on board sooner, I dont see them ramping or taking away from the second quarter, given the demand that we are seeing and also we are bring in more CapEx because of the demand that our customers are expressing to us, so that is how we see it.
William Plummer:  And Scott on your second question about modeling used margins, I guess what we have said is that, if you go back over a long period, 10 years or so and exclude 09 and 10 which are obviously major upheaval years, our used margins have been in that high twenties kind of percent area over each of those years. Given the strong start that we had to this year, I think it is very fair to say that that will be a little bit higher than we normally have been we were last year, I think we realized for the full year used margins of 31 and change, 31.7% and I would have to guess that we would do that at least again this year as just a general statement to how to model it. So, I would say higher than our normal historic average, I will let you use your imagination for how much higher.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:  Right, thanks guys great job.
William Plummer:  Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of from David Raso from ISI Group, your question please.
William Plummer:  Hi David  
Operator:  David, you might have your phone on mute.  
David Raso  ISI Group:  Sorry, I am here, thank you. Two quick questions, first the progress you see quarterly on the rental rates in the fleet utilization to maintain those full year targets. I appreciate seasonally the rental revenue in the first quarter doesnt completely carry its -- say 25% of the year waiting, but specially on the fleet utilization, if we were positive 120 bps year-over-year in the first quarter and we are looking for 50 for the full year, can you walk us in that quarterly progression? Are you expecting the back half of the year, fleet utilization to be largely flat at that stage or how do you think that would do that progression?
William Plummer:  Yeah David, its very clearly that as we get into the back half of the year, we are going to be comping really huge utilization quarter. So, we brought the year-over-year improvement down aggressively in the back half to reflect that very fact. So, we think half a percent, we can make without giving a specific year-over-year number by quarter. Yeah, it comes down pretty close to nothing as you get further out. And keep in mind obviously, the fleet is getting much larger and we are comping very strong utilizations last year, so in our view that is going to require us to put a huge amount on rent as we get that larger fleet in. And our belief is that the markets there, the demands there to be able to do that, but thats underlying the time utilization model. On rental rates and the progression there, the one way to think about it is, given what we did in the first quarter, we would need something like half a percent per month sequentially out through October and then basically nothing sequentially thereafter, in order to deliver the 5% full year. So, thats very clearly within the realm of reasonable and as always we are going to look for more if it is there. Does that help?
David Raso  ISI Group:  Well, could you give us some color on how the rates were moving sequentially, I know there is some seasonality with the first quarter, but how much were rates up March versus February? How are we looking at April so far versus March? Just to see how that progression is playing out so far?
William Plummer:  Sure, so on a sequential basis, I would give you the sequentials and I would remind everybody that this is on ARA basis. The sequentials for January, sequential is down 6/10th and then it went positive 3/10th and then flat in March. And I guess, I would offer that April is -- the first half of April has been strong. Just to give you a comparison, if you look at last year, the sequentials in January were down half a percent and February up 2/10th and March down 2/10th, so the sequential progression this year is actually better than it was last year, when you think about the monthly sequentials, so that again gives us a lot of confidence that we are off on a nice run and that the 5% should be attained.
David Raso  ISI Group: Then when it comes to CapEx, lets say your comment, first half of the year youll be over 700 million of the billion growth lets call it 07/10 for argument sake. It implies to back after the year CapEx is down 20% year-over-year. How shall I think about that in the sense of by the time we get to June how are you viewing the age year old t? Are you comfortable with that? Or simply look that is the map, it is right map, but we will obviously evaluate the CapEx when we get there. How shall I think about that back up CapEx implication.
William Plummer: You said it beautifully. I dont question the map, but weve done and youve seen us do it the last several years right. What we do is, we assess where the market is and where it is heading and how it feels and whether we can put more CapEx on rent at good rates and expect good returns over the longer haul and if and when we make that call we are not short about raising our CapEx guidance. I think weve done it all three years that I have been here and so our plan is bring the 700 in the market certainly feels like it will soak that up right here now and then lets take a look around as we get toward the end of the second quarter and make a separate call about whether we should be raising the back CapEx expectation or leave it where it is.
David Raso  ISI Group: And related to that question from my very last question, the CapExs decision to bring the equipment in a little earlier, that may be the original plan in the first quarter. What drove that? I mean obviously you can answer the business was strong (inaudible), but safe from the supplier side or some of the dynamics that drove that decision and take the equipment a little earlier and if you could enlighten us like when was that decision made, I am not sure how quick your suppliers can respond to a change in that decision?
William Plummer: So, great question. We started placing pre-orders for the first two quarters in late last year and I think the first pre-orders that we placed we probably did in like September and that was the signal to our vendors that we were going to have demand, robust demand in the first half of the year. So, they started to position themselves to be able to deliver against those pre-orders as sort of a baseline of capacity. They did a nice job of ramping up their production capacity and they were able to supply fleet into us, quite honestly even faster than we had in our plan with the pre-orders. So, we asked ourselves can the market absorb more fleet faster than what we had thought and we concluded, yes it can and so we said yes if you can ship it well take it and that played out very nicely and resulted in the numbers that you saw for Q1 and what youll see for the first half and it was a combination of the market being able to absorb additional fleet and the vendors being able to supply it and in us obviously being able to buy it. So, it all worked together to accelerate the CapEx.
David Raso  ISI Group: Alright, great. I really appreciate it. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS. Your question please.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Hey good morning guys.
William Plummer: Good morning Henry.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Youve sold a lot of equipment over the last few quarter into the used market, just wanted you if you could talk about who is buying, it is generally staying in the equipments original home market or have you seen international buyers come in and clear it out of your serve market.
William Plummer: Michael, you want to say something.
Michael Kneeland: I am just going to say Henry, I actually attended one of the auctions, actually both of the auction. Actually, both of the auctions that the two large auction houses I had in February and the general feel I had and the comments I received back was at the offshoring of equipment actually went up significantly over the prior year. Thats to me is a tell-tale sign. That demand is robust in other parts of the globe and the demand for our equipment which realistically, if you are looking for used equipment there is no better market than the US and North America, because its still the largest producers of used inventory.
Matt Flannery: The who is buying question, as we said many times before it really is the who is who of people who use equipment, so wide range of folks. But I do think Michaels point is a very important one. Strong offshore demand I think is really supplementing demand that we are seeing from a wide range of customers here in North America.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thats helpful. One follow up, could you talk a little bit about how far along do you think we are on the secular shift? And maybe, how does the new prospect look today compared with a year ago, cycle is picking up, have you seen an increase in enquires from potential customers who werent renting before?
Michael Kneeland: Well, Henry, we have had this discussion and we have been talking with Global Insight with Scott Hazelton and as you know they have been commissioned by the American Rental Association to do some research. All indications that they have put forward based on a lot of data that realistically is very in depth, they are suggesting that the CAGR growth for our industry over five years is going to be somewhere in the vicinity of 12.5%. Thats a pretty healthy number by any stretch of the imagination. When you asked about secular shift and what happens, I think that going into this year they are continuing to see that secular shift movement going in a positive direction. When the capital markets are wide open, when you asked them what has occurred historically the secular penetration doesnt decline, it levels itself off until the next downturn and then it actually goes back up again, continues its march upward. I dont think that that pattern is going to change and what we are seeing right here and now.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thanks a lot. Congratulations.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Matt Flannery: Thanks, Henry.
Operator: Thank you. Due to time constraints this does conclude the question-and-answer session of todays program. I would like to hand the program back to Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Well, thank you very much operator. Ill remind everyone that to download our new IR presentation from our website we have made some substantial updates since our last quarter and obviously if there is any additional questions please reach out to Fred Bratman so that we can answer your questions specifically. I want to thank you for joining us today. This is a big year. Next time that we issue earnings we plan on being the new United Rentals, but we will be in touch before then and as always we welcome your calls here in Greenwich. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Kneeland  President and CEO William Plummer  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Henry Kirn  UBS Peter Chang  Credit Suisse David Raso  ISI Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital Ted Grace  Susquehanna Seth Weber  RBC David Wells  Thompson Research Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Rentals Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call, and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risk and uncertainties many of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator and good afternoon, everyone and welcome. With me today, as the operator mentioned, is our CFO, Bill Plummer and other members of our senior management team. Im going to start out with a quick recap of our fourth quarter results, which as you know, gave us a strong end to a very good year. And then well look forward to 2012. This is obviously an important year for us. We have the RSC deal on the table and we also have a strong outlook as a stand-alone company. So, I want to focus on the fourth quarter metrics that serve as potential indicators for our operating environment in 2012. For the fourth quarter, we reported rental revenue up nearly 19% compared to last year; rates up 6.7% on higher volume of equipment on rent; and time utilization of more than 70%, which is a fourth-quarter record for us, once again. Now all of this contributed to an adjusted EBITDA that was significantly higher at $281 million, an increase of 55% over the fourth quarter last year. All these metrics tell a very compelling story about our ability to exceed the expectations created by our operating environment. We know from the Department of Commerce that spending on non-residential construction declined slightly year-over-year in October and was basically flat in November. And yet, we were able to drive our revenues and rates higher and our time utilization went up on a larger fleet. So heres whats happening. First, despite the external reports, our sales force is finding that customers are more active and optimistic than a year ago. Our own survey confirms this. So we think there is an early upswing thats not fully reflected yet in the government data. Second, as we mentioned before, there is a secular shift towards renting and just this week several industry reports came out that support this. So theres no question that the recession is encouraging customers to rely more on rental and less on capital purchases. And once they make that shift, they saw that it could enhance their balance sheet and liquidity. And we believe that this is the most rapid penetration our industry has seen in a long time and we expect most of it to stick as the conditions improve. And third, we think that were getting a bigger share of pie. Changes in share can be difficult to measure our industry because its so fragmented and largely private. But clearly, our segmentation strategy and customer service initiatives are working. And you can see it in our fourth quarter numbers. We had 21% growth in rental revenues from key accounts compared to last year, including 22% growth in National Accounts. Key accounts were 55% of rental revenues in the quarter and National Accounts was 35%. And rental revenues from industrial were up almost 20% year-over-year and if we remove the impact of acquisitions, industrial was up still a solid 17%. And we are at a point in the cycle where the better run, well-capitalized rental companies can outperform both the environment and the industry as a whole. And we expect to turn another good performance in the first quarter. While its all very positive, its still a tricky cycle and we know that and we are managing the business very closely. But its encouraging that we are getting the push in several areas. At the macro level, the leading forecasters predict a rebound in non-res construction of just over 2% on average in 2012 and about 6% in 2013. And this is supported by the architectural billing index, which came in above 50 for every month in the fourth quarter in our sweet spot the Commercial and Industrial sectors. Now, if you compare that to the report from Global Insight, which you all know is the industrys leading forecasting firm. They expect our industry to grow about 5% this year with the majority of those revenues coming from rentals. So, demand for equipment rental services is forecast to outpace construction spending in 2012, just as it did this year. And once again, we are prepared to capture a good part of that growth. Another encouraging sign is the fact that all of our regions continue to show year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. In fact, all of our regions saw double-digit growth with the exception of the Southeast and that was partly due to the capital decisions that we made. We are also dealing with a bumpy demand both geographically and month-to-month. So our branches are doing an impressive job of implementing our strategy and driving results. Part of that strategy as you know is to constantly manage the productivity of our footprint against changes in the marketplace. We consolidated 28 branches in the year, 18 of them in the fourth quarter. We also acquired 16 branches and opened six as cold starts. So, theres very little change in our branch count from January to December, but we made some important strategic shifts. Of the 16 branches we acquired in 2011, six of them have a strong industrial base. And of the cold starts, half were specially rental branches, meaning trench safety, power and HVAC. Our specialty operations are growing at a fast pace with segment revenue up 45% in the fourth quarter. And we benefited from the energy boom and recovery efforts from natural disasters, but there is also an underlying trend toward more demand for power and climate control equipment. And we are also selling, cross-selling our fleet more effectively than ever before. So, specialty rentals are more than a niche for us, its an important part of our growth strategy and youll see us make further investments in this segment as time goes on. Given the way we entered 2012 in high gear, were very comfortable with the outlook weve issued last night. Our expectations for 2012 are grounded in a solid and achievable plan Bill will discuss in a few minutes. But I want to call your attention to one number that is particularly indicative of our strength as a standalone company. Now, were looking at gross rental CapEx of approximately $1 billion this year. Now I know thats a big number and we are not going to turn away business that is profitable and strategically sound. The fact is demand is there and our rates are still improving. We drove more than six points of rate achievement in 2011 and as we said last night, were projecting another five points this year. We are not a commodity; we deliver value in areas that matter most to our customers. And were very focused on communicating that message as a basis for rates. Now if the economy turns against us, we have the flexibility to adjust our CapEx and accelerate new sales. And were becoming a much more disciplined company in that regard. And we will always continue to focus intently on customer service as to a way to achieve our targets. Now, I should mention that the forecast excludes any impact from the RSC transaction and we will revise that after the deal closes. So lets talk about the RSC deal. I know the announcement created a lot of buzz and rightly so. Its tremendously exciting. But I dont want it to overshadow what this company has accomplished and continues to accomplish as we march forward with our strategy. Yes, were addressing the needs of the RSC transaction, but were also continuing to think about new ways to serve the customers in the field. Now for me, thats one of the things that makes this merger so exciting. United Rentals and RSC are both extremely well run companies and were seeking to integrate the best of both companies into one incredible organization. Now just last week, Eric and I kicked off our first all-hands meeting in Houston, Texas. We had a total of about 60 people there representing everything from operations and IT to sales and maintenance. Both companies came away from that meeting feeling very good about how closely our cultures are aligned. Now, Ive been involved in countless integrations for United Rentals both before and after becoming CEO. In fact, I came to this company through an acquisition myself. So, Ive developed a pretty good instinct for the planning process and the process with RSC is going well. And its going to be as seamless as possible for everyone involved. So when we get to Q&A, Im going to ask you to please respect the fact that we are limited in what we can share with you about the deal at this point. So as you know, we filed a preliminary registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on January 17 and we understand that theyll have comments and were prepared to address them. The forecasts in the S-4 reflect our view of how we would perform as a standalone company. And were still comfortable with our estimate, as we discussed in December, that we should get about $200 million  in fact at least $200 million in cost synergies from combining the two companies. With the Hart-Scott-Rodino, the 30-day waiting period, expired on January 20. So thats a major step forward in the process. And we did receive some requests for more information from the Canadian Competition Bureau, so the waiting period for Canada will be extended until 30 days from the date when all the requested information has been provided. So, as you can see, things are moving along and at this point we expect it to close in the first half of this year. Thats about it for updates. So lets use the Q&A for the best of our advantage this morning. In a lot of ways, we have a straightforward message for you today. We just came off a terrific year, and now were entering into what will be a landmark year where we believe that we can excel both as a standalone company and in combination with RSC operations. When we set a goal for this company, we pursue it, and we achieve it, and thats a matter of record. And now were looking at bridging to well over $1 billion of EBITDA in 2012 at about 40% margin. And thats a source of pride for our employees and our leadership team. This company delivers on its promises. 2012 for us is not just about the deals that we can make or forecasts that are out there; its about what we can deliver. So with that, Im going to ask Bill to review the numbers and then well come back and take your questions. So, over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon to everyone. Just to stay focused on the key points here, Im going to be very brief on the quarters  the quarter and full year numbers. Youve all seen those. Ill spend a little bit more time on the outlook, and then we will move to Q&A. And Ill just reiterate some of Mikes comments to start out. It was a very strong year, a very strong quarter for us finishing up 2011. On rental revenues, that 18.5% year-over-year increase in rental revenue for the quarter was driven by a very nice progression in rate and volume in the quarter with rates being up, as Mike said, 6.7% year-over-year. Rates in the quarter were up 1.4% sequentially compared to the third quarter, which is a very nice progression in that part of the year seasonally. So, nice progression on rates in the quarter. On the volume front, OEC on rent during the quarter was up 15.1% over the prior year, and it took us to a total dollar amount of OEC on rent of right around $3 billion. Thats the second highest quarter ever in the Companys history of fleet that we had on rent, and its second only to the third quarter in 2011. Time utilization in the quarter was up 1.5 percentage points at 70.8% in Q4. And that represents the seventh consecutive quarter of record time utilization over the last seven quarters. So, just tremendous momentum on the time utilization front to go along with very nice rate progression as well. When you look at the full year last year, just real briefly, rate  Mike mentioned that rates up 6.1% came in right at  maybe a touch better than what we had guided to after the third quarter. And that set us up very nicely for 2012 as well. With rates at that level, we have a carryover benefit in 2012 full year of about 3%, so a nice starting point for 2012. For the full year time utilization was up 350 basis points, 3.5 percentage points to 69.1%, and thats another company record for the full year. So all-in-all, the rental story was very strong just across the board. It feels like were firing on all cylinders. I get nervous when I say that, but it feels pretty good going into 2012. The other part  significant part of the revenue story in the quarter was used equipment sales. We sold $93 million in proceeds of used equipment in the quarter. Thats up from $40 million in the prior year. And that generated a pretty significant full year used sales proceeds number of $208 million, up from $144 million in the prior year. The especially good news though was that gross margins finished the year fairly strong for us both for the quarter and the full year. Just looking at the full year, our margin was 31.7 percentage points, and thats up 320 basis points compared to the prior year, and its our strongest full year margin ever. So, the used equipment story is very important to us because its a vital part of how were managing the fleet going forward. As weve said before, weve got a significant amount of use that we need to continue to focus on in 2012 and in future years. So were going to spend a lot of time thinking about the channel mix and in particular how do we enhance our retail sales contribution in our used sales. So well be talking about that more as the year unfolds. On the profitability front, again, a very strong quarter, adjusted EBITDA came in at $281 million for the quarter. Thats an improvement of $100 million or 55% compared to the prior year. And in fact, the fourth quarter EBITDA was basically flat with the third quarter EBITDA which, as you all know, is historically our highest seasonal quarter during the course of the year. Obviously, fourth quarter was enhanced by the used sales strength that we had as well as the $8 million self-insurance benefit that we had in the quarter; still a very, very strong performance for the quarter on adjusted EBITDA. Margin for the quarter came in at 37.7% and thats an increase of 740 basis points over the prior year. So, when you look at the full year, we had a very nice result. The full year adjusted EBITDA of $929 million, thats a 34% increase. And the full year margin came in at 35.6%, and thats a 470 basis point increase over the prior year, and indeed its a full year record for the company on EBITDA margin. Flow-through was very robust. We had flow-through for the quarter of 67.1%, and that put us at 63.6% for the full year, well within the range that weve been guiding you to of 62% to 67% for the full year. So, a nice result on the flow-through front as well. And for those who like EPS, we had a very nice adjusted EPS result, $0.82 on the year. Obviously had some puts and takes, including the self-insurance reserve benefit of $8 million. But that was offset by a higher than expected tax rate. So, when we look at that $0.82, we think thats a good reflection of the strength of profitability that we delivered throughout the course of the fourth quarter. Just a couple of key points on fleet management and free cash flow, we had promised $775 million of gross capital spend at our last outlook; we delivered $774 million. Combine that with the $208 million of full year used proceeds, that gives you a $566 million net rental investment in the Company for 2011. And that spend, as weve said again and again, was driven by us responding to what were seeing from the market. So, its very encouraging that were able to put that much investment into the Company based on very strong demand. Certainly, time utilization for the year shows you that were able to make the investment and still put the equipment on rent. So, very encouraged by that coming in to 2012. On free cash flow, we finished the year stronger than even we expected. Free cash flow was $23 million for the full year, and that was really helped significantly both by the used sales effort at the end of the year but more importantly by collections which were very strong late in the year. So those are the key points I wanted to make about Q4 and full year 2011. Let me spend just a few minutes on our 2012 standalone outlook. And again, its standalone, not giving any effect for the transaction. As Mike mentioned this outlook is fully consistent with the forecast that we put in the S-4 for 2012. So, if there is any question on anybodys mind about the difference between what were seeing now and what was in the S-4, there is none. On the revenue front, you saw in the press release that we expect rates to be up about 5%. And as I mentioned already, were starting with a carryover benefit of about 3%. So, we think that weve got a good foundation for delivering that 5% going through the year. And obviously, as we have for the last couple of years, as the opportunity presents itself to take more, we will drive more in rate realization. On the time utilization front, we look to improve utilization by another 0.5 point or so for the full year. That would be another record year for us and to do that in the face of spending $1 billion of gross CapEx, we think it would be a very, very nice result on time utilization. On the CapEx front, we are going to spend about $1 billion of gross CapEx and the net underneath that will be about $770 million to $820 million, thats the range that were calling for. If we do that, we will drive up the average fleet size for the full year by $0.5 billion. The spend is going to be focused the way it has been for the last couple of years. Were going to respond to key customer needs and were going to help to drive the fleet mix that weve been driving and so we expect to continue to shift the fleet through our spend. Spending $1 billion gross and selling what we expect to sell will have the impact of also reducing the age of our fleet. It should come down about 2.5 months over the course of 2012 on that plan. Free cash flow for the year will be a use of free cash of anywhere from $50 million to $100 million. And on the profitability front, we think the flow-through that well realize in 2012 will be very comparable to what we realized in 2011. So, we are calling it mid-60s  for a range, we would say the same range that we gave you for 2011 between 62% and 67% adjusted EBITDA flow-through to total revenue. Obviously, there will be fluctuations quarter-to-quarter as you saw in 2011 on that flow-through. And we will certainly keep you up-to-date as we go through the year. And finally, just to offer a couple brief thoughts on the first quarter of 2012 as you can gather from our comments, weve got a very nice start on rate and time utilization so far through January in the first quarter. So, we expect the quarter to develop nicely for us. There will be the normal seasonality. We havent repealed the seasons not just yet. So, on the revenue front, we will see sort of a typical kind of decline due to seasonality and profitability will also show a typical type of decline due to seasonality maybe somewhat muted as we drive better utilization, put more fleet into the business and continue to realize price. But all in all, the momentum is good. Things feel like they are headed in the right direction. And we are very encouraged by the way the year is kicking off. So with that, I will end my comments and ask the operator to open up the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Henry Kirn of UBS. Your line is open.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Good morning, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Good afternoon, actually. Thank you.
William Plummer: Its morning somewhere, here.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Its been a long day. Last year, there was some volatility and incremental flow-through as we went from fourth quarter to first quarter and then throughout the year. Can you talk about your expectations for incrementals as we progress in 2012?
William Plummer: Sure. I mean as I said, we expect volatility in each quarter. Its a very sensitive calculation, so thats going to happen. We feel good about the way things will develop as we get into the more busy season, second and third quarter in particular. First quarter, the flow-through, youve got to have some below the average in order to get the average if  somewhere above the average and first quarter is always a challenge on that front for us. So, Id say you probably could see flow-through a little bit lower than the range in the first quarter and then improving as we go through the year. Keep in mind, the flow-through is going to respond to things like how much you sell and you use equipment in a given quarter relative to the rental revenue that you generate. Thats a challenge in the first quarter. It will respond to things like the acquisitions that you do, right, when they came in last year and how that quarter comps with the quarter that youre in this year. That can be a little bit of a drag in the first quarter given that weve started to add the acquisitions later on in the year. So, those are the kinds of things that will flow through the flow-through calculation, if you will. And well point them out as we go through the year.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Ill respect that one question limit and pass the baton. Congratulations.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks.
William Plummer: Well, thanks. Thanks, Henry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Chang of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Peter.
Peter Chang  Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on a strong year and another strong quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Peter Chang  Credit Suisse: Just a quick question on the forecast. I mean you pretty much went through your 2012 expectations, but for the S-4, you also have 2013 through 2015 in there. And I was curious as to kind of what your macro assumptions were and what contribution you were expecting from higher pricing for those three years.
Michael Kneeland: Well, Ill give you what the macro environment and Bill can go into some of the other details. But the macro environment, as we have worked with all of the outside services that are  the IHS Global Insight and Moodys, Economy, McGraw-Hill, all the typical names that you would play out; the consensus is starting in 2012, its up about 2.1%. Then in 2013, it goes to 6%. And then, we also are working with the Global Insight, which as I stated in my opening comments, has been working very closely with the American Rental Association projecting what the growth patterns will be over the following years. So, those are the macro environments that were working with. Keep in mind, we also tie that by talking to our customers and we will do that and continue to update as we go year-to-year. But I would say that that was probably the biggest macro environment that we were looking at.
William Plummer: And in terms of other aspects of those forecasts, I mean we certainly used our usual thought about what the value of incremental rental rate is. So, it will drop through at something like 97%, 98% for rental rate improvement. But we also thought carefully about the fleet additions that we would make over that timeframe and the impact of additional fleet to profitability, how we might drive time utilization across that timeframe and what that means to us; really all aspects of our business. And starting from that macro backdrop, we put in what we thought were very attainable goals for the next several years, were not trying to dilute ourselves, we just wanted to tell the story that we thought was as close to accurate as we could and those are the numbers that came out.
Peter Chang  Credit Suisse: Just a quick clarification, is it fair to say that starting in 2013, we are expecting I guess kind of like a decel to a low single-digit to flattish rental rate environment as the years go forward?
William Plummer: Im sorry, starting in 2012 you said?
Peter Chang  Credit Suisse: 2013.
William Plummer: 2013. Yeah, the way we thought about rate over that time period was 5% in 2012, and then we trended it down to low single digits over the next couple of years. So, I think its fair to say that we trended down from the 5% we assumed in 2012, and Ill leave it at that.
Peter Chang  Credit Suisse: All right. Well, thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Yep. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Raso of ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Raso  ISI: Hi, good morning, good afternoon. Quick question about the S-4 progression on the EBITDA margins, again were  excuse me, talking standalone company. The improvement that you see is obviously a little more significant 2011, 2012, but even from then on still getting a couple of hundred basis points. And I know theres a lot that can go into that beyond just the rental margin itself. But how are you thinking about looking out a couple of years, the rental margin ex-depreciation, right? I mean, it used to  you know, high watermarks used to be 55, go back in the day maybe a little higher. But were already at a pretty high level coming out of 2011. So, again, on a standalone basis, what are the things when it comes to the mix, the kind of accounts youre taking, how should we think about your target for the rental margin? Because the other things have a lot issues around your capital decisions, right? Some buying a lot of new, you can sell out a used, and so forth, but truly the core kind of business, the rental margin ex depreciation.
William Plummer: Yeah, David. I think rather than sort of talk about specific rental margins, Id just point to a couple of key aspects of our business that I know you know. Were putting fleet into our business in a fairly significant way over that period. And thats a very powerful lever for improving margins for us. So the amount of fleet that were adding over the horizon is hugely important. Thats point number one. Point number two is that, what we just said with Peter, the rate assumption, while it does trend down over the next several years, were still realizing rate improvement which as you know is a hugely powerful lever and generating better margin as well. So I think those are two very prominent aspects of how the margins of the business, overall rental included, will trend. And we feel comfortable that we can deliver that if the market demand is there to support that additional fleet. We believe it will be based on the macro backdrop that Michael just talked about. And so thats why we put together the forecast the way we did.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, David, were also trying to drive some efficiencies in the business. As you know, weve kicked off fast. Weve got by the end  midyear this year, well have all of our locations up on that. We do believe that, using technology to further drive efficiencies, well be able to realize in the out-years.
David Raso  ISI: Okay, I appreciate it. I was just  the S-4, youre already above 40% for 2013, next year, and then in the north of 43% in 2014. So I was curious, obviously the new machine gets it on the depreciation line, your maintenance goes down with the new machines. So I could see why the new machines obviously create a better rental margin. I was just curious if you had any color around how you thought about the mix of business, maybe deemphasizing aerials in the fleet. Just trying to think about cycle to cycle, the configuration of the accounts and the fleet size and the type of fleet might be a subtlety on why the margins can be better at the rental level cycle to cycle. I was just trying to flesh out some of those items that might show a difference between the companies cycle to cycle?
William Plummer: Yeah. I think our general assumption is that we can continue maybe at a somewhat slower rate, but continue to trend in the customer mix that weve established, growing with the larger players who we believe offer us a better profit opportunity. So we continue to trend in that direction, continue to trend more toward industrial in that mix of customers. As for the fleet, again, weve been very consistent in saying that were going to continue to trend to a slightly smaller aerial share of the overall fleet and grow in some of the other areas. Some of those other areas are the specialty businesses like trench and power and HVAC. So, those will contribute very nicely as we go forward. So I think those are the things that I would call out as part of that longer-range forecast that we believe supports the margin trends that you see there.
David Raso  ISI: No, I appreciate that. I mean there is a difference between saying were just going to run the company more efficiently, which hopefully you will, its a higher hurdle rate to jump over than simply  the mix, its just more advantageous to have a higher rental margin, thus the idea of doing a 40%-plus EBITDA margin or a higher rental margin in the last cycle is  its not quite as high a hurdle rate in the investors mind, so. Okay. No, I appreciate it. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Box of KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Joe.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
William Plummer: Hey, Joe.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital: A question for you on the competitive environment. One, can you maybe just comment on the health of some of your independent regional peers? And two, because I think most of them are also fully utilized, do you think that 2012 could actually be a better year for you in terms of share gains?
Michael Kneeland: Well, Joe, this is Mike. We have our plans. We laid it out. Weve  as Bill was saying, we put a lot of  set of assumptions. Could it always be better? Yeah. It could be. When you look at the landscape, as I mentioned, the well-funded, the larger companies I think will outperform the industry as a whole. And you are right; I think time utilization has kicked up for everybody. But I think that the credit market is still restricting a lot of growth and that bodes well for the larger organizations. So is there an opportunity? Yes. Our strategy is to focus on profitable growth and be selective of the customers that were going to choose, and also expanding our trench, power, HVAC side. So, yes, the answer is, could it be? Yes.
Joe Box  KeyBanc Capital: Great. Thanks for the color. Ill hope back in queue.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Thanks. Hey, guys. Good afternoon. I apologize in advance, just out of habit Im going to have a multi-part question. But, with  Bill, mostly for you, with regard to CapEx, could you discuss timing throughout the year since its such a large number this year; implications of how the RRR transaction might make you rethink that, and then just a reminder of your supplier commitment and rates that you have locked in with them? Thanks for the run-on.
William Plummer: Sure. So on the timing of CapEx, weve talked about looking at the year, and 2012 is a year of two halves, with the first half being fairly hefty amount of spend. Weve talked about something like $600 million of the $1 billion would be spent in the first two quarters of the year. Thats our thinking as we sit and speak right now. And based on the commitments that weve gotten from the vendors, and indeed based on the receipts that weve had so far in the month of January, I dont think theres going to be any issue with getting that much fleet delivered in the first half. So thats the first half; the second half would be the remainder. And as we said, though, were going to evaluate how the market develops to make sure that it warrants spending that second half roughly $400 million or so. So thats how were thinking about the timing. As to the impact of the transaction, we  its really too soon to say the specific amount of impact on the transaction. We are going to evaluate what their capital plan is, what our capital plan is and where there might be opportunities to realize some benefit managing the two as one. My guess sitting here right now is that there will be some impact, but its going to be pretty small in 2012 is my guess. And thats the way we modeled it as we modeled the acquisition to set the valuation. So I would say pretty small impact to the overall spend in 2012. As to the suppliers, Im sorry, Scott, Ive forgotten, what was your question around the suppliers?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Just negotiated rate going into the year with the suppliers.
William Plummer: So, weve been very focused on mitigating the impact of inflation, as we always are. If you exclude the Tier 4 purchases that we do, the rest of our purchasing will come in in the low single-digits in terms of inflation over last year. The Tier 4 units, depending on the manufacturer, will cost more. Theres just no avoiding it. Thats partly though why we wanted to try and pre-buy a significant amount of our fleet this year as well. We were able to place orders that take advantage of run-on production under the old Tier 3 rules, and so that has helped mitigate any impact of our capital spend  of inflation on our capital spend. So ex-Tier 4 in the low single-digits inflation, very low single-digits I would say. Does that help?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Yeah. Great. Thanks and congratulations.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Emily Shanks with Barclays Capital.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Emily.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Hi. How are you, guys?
Michael Kneeland: Very well.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Good. Congrats on a great quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: My one question is just around the 4Q rate coming in better than your forecast and your thoughts around that. Im specifically curious if theres anything of note going on on the competitive front and/or is it just simply demand, and with that secondarily if you could comment if you are seeing any improvement from some of your competitors? I know it seemed as though they had fallen off in the summertime.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, Emily. This is Michael. My sense would be is, we are the first to report and if you look at historically what you have been hearing from all of my competitors who are public; they have all publicly have come out with improvement on rates, so my sense is that that trend will continue. I have said this before, and I will say it again, rates is a powerful lever within our industry. And if you look over the last several years, all of our rates came down quite a lot. And the fundamentals of getting over your cost of capital hasnt changed and so my sense is given the high time utilization, given the fact that the Tier 4 engines and Tier 4 products are going to cost more, its going to behoove all of us to make sure that we get the right return on all of our assets. So my sense will be given what were seeing in the marketplace, it should continue. But well have to wait and see but, again, my sense would be is, as you hear other companies come out publicly I would not be surprised to see their rates up as well.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ted Grace of Susquehanna. Pease go ahead.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Hey. Thanks, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hey.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: How are you doing?
Michael Kneeland: Good.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Congratulations on another great quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: I just wanted to tag on to Davids question, and take it one step further and go in the direction of returns. And I know one of the big things you guys have really tired to emphasize is  is improving the full cycle returns on invested capital.
William Plummer: Hey, Ted. Im sorry. Im having a hard time hearing you. Can you get a little closer to the phone?
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Sure. Is that any better?
William Plummer: Yeah. That is.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Oh, great. Sorry about that. So what I was hoping to do was talk a little bit more about your returns on a go-forward basis. And I know one of the big internal pushes has been to improve the full cycle returns. And so, given the inflection that weve seen in the business, Im just wondering if you can update us on how you think about returns over this upcoming cycle, both on a standalone basis and to the degree you can talk at all about the pro forma that would be great as well?
William Plummer: Yeah. Its  Im rapidly scanning my brain trying to think about how to talk about the returns and not be flippant and say something like returns are going to go up. Were certainly focused on the elements of return. And we certainly, over the forecast horizon that we put in the S-4, improve our returns. Theyre going to come out of the usual suspects, right, improving rate, being more efficient with the cost side of the P&L, leveraging your fixed costs in particular over a larger fleet. We think we get better profit improvement than the increased average size of the fleet in the forecast horizon that weve put out there. So  maybe if you ask a more specific question, but overall we think that there is a very nicely trending path of returns over the next several years and its just up to us to go out and get the elements that lead to that trend in returns.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Thats great. Thats helpful. Asked maybe differently, could you speak to specific numbers about your targeted returns on invested capital, maybe that will be implied by the forecast you had in the S-4 and what that might mean cycle-over-cycle, will the average return would be for the company?
William Plummer: Yeah. No, I wouldnt comment on a specific targeted return thats in the S-4 forecast. Maybe Id just drop back to say that were very firmly committed to the idea of delivering cost of capital returns over the cycle. And we think about our cost of capital as being something like 10% as a target. So Ill stop there without getting more specific, but we feel good about the trend that we have toward that goal of delivering cost of capital returns over the cycle.
Ted Grace  Susquehanna: Okay. Thats great. Well, congrats again, and best of luck this year guys.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. Thanks, Ted.
William Plummer: Thanks, Ted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber of RBC. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hey, Seth.
Seth Weber  RBC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Afternoon.
Seth Weber  RBC: Kind of conceptually, I just want to throw something out there. I mean as the commercial construction cycle gets better, would you expect the  your construction bucket to outgrow your industrial bucket going forward, just have a faster growth? And then, what would the implications for margin be? I know youve talked about I think industrial margins being actually higher, fewer transactions, what have you, so can you just  maybe as the market get  as the cycle gets better, how we should be thinking about that?
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. Seth, basically what weve been saying is were looking to diversify our portfolio. And to your point, around industrial, the dynamics around industrials are typically larger. They rent longer. They have the equipment out for longer periods of time. Those same dynamics you could fit into the larger national accounts spread across North America. So, we said we wanted to expand our portfolio to be somewhere in the 30% to 40% range of industrial. And I mentioned on the December call that this transaction with RSC gets us to where we want to be. And I think that when you  we look at industrial, industrial recovers first, and its less cyclical. We can park 2009 for a moment because it affected almost anything and everything that was moving. But in a typical cycle, its more resilient. But in a recovery, as you can imagine, production goes up and industry goes up, first, and then you see construction kind of lag behind it. And, my sense is youre going to see that again here. So, when I look at it, we want to make sure that we have a blend, but its more the type of customer that we are focusing at inside of construction that I think is the difference today versus yesteryear.
Seth Weber  RBC: Yeah. That makes a lot of sense, okay. So even though the construction  commercial construction is getting  accelerating, the customer profile is different than it used to be?
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
Seth Weber  RBC: Okay. And then I guess just  on the acquisition front, does the RSC transaction preclude you from doing other deals in your mind? I mean, youve had some good success picking off some of these specialty operators. Do you think youll continue to do that? Or just get too distracted with the RSC deal?
Michael Kneeland: Well, let me just say this, that were razor-focused on the RSC deal and getting that done and completing that. Having said that, as I said, well continue to look at the opportunities that do exist in our specialty business. We see that as a unique opportunity for growth. And more importantly, theres a connection of cross-selling between our current customer base and those lines of business. So, we will be cognizant of whats available out there, but well also look at it from a cold start and also from a capital allocation for assets. So, its all the above on our specialty, but clearly I want to make a point that we are focused around the integration process of RSC and United Rentals.
William Plummer: Yeah, just if I could; that  the integration process will certainly be a major focus, but we want to make sure that were seeing opportunities and put those opportunities in the context of everything that weve got going on. So, integration and, as Mike mentioned, our capital structure and how we allocate capital. That wont be lost on us and were going to be very protective of the capital structure to make sure that we do good work on the capital structure over the early part following the acquisition of RSC.
Seth Weber  RBC: Got it. Thanks very much, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wells with Thompson Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, David.
David Wells  Thompson Research:
 : But, my sense is whats the risk that thats a head fake to some extent, and another year where the macroeconomists come out and talk about a recovery in construction, and we had the same thing happen last year and it didnt really happen in 2011. So maybe could you steer us to whats giving visibility to really make the big wager on CapEx that youve made in the first half and maybe even any data points here over the last, say, six to eight weeks that give you the confidence and visibility to put the big roll of the dice, so to speak?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I look at it  its a little more scientific than rolling the dice. But, as we went through the year, our time utilization consistently quarter-over-quarter was at record levels. And, as Bill mentioned, we are seeing that play out going into this year as well. But, when we talk  its about our customers and the way in which we go to market and were focused with our customers and were more connected with them than we ever have in the past. And, again, theyre more optimistic. Its the work that they have in front of them. And, we also take a look at where the opportunities existed, but because of our process and the way in which we planned last year, we could have grown. Weve been mentioning quarter over quarter and  with investors that we could have spent a lot more money last year, but we were very disciplined, and we wanted to achieve certain hurdles which we have overcome. As a result of that, even if the market were to play out at flat, forget the 2% for a moment, take a look at this past year. The market declined, and we had significant double-digit growth. I think it still plays out that the uncertainty in the marketplace, coupled with the capital  or the credit market tightness still  the secular shift toward renting is continuing that momentum. So, we have something else at play here than just the macro environment.
William Plummer: Can I just add one thought? Maybe its a little too granular; but one of the things that gives me comfort is not only to hear our customers say how encouraged they are about this year and the next few, but then to dive deeper into some of our tools like our job board and actually look at the projects that those customers are on, right? And, you look at XYZ customer is on an airport expansion; well thats going to run for a couple of few years. Another customer is on a new power plant construction project; thats going to run for a while. Heres a hospital over here; heres a school expansion over there. So when you scratch the projects that folks are working on, it just feels like theres something real and substantial underneath. The overall tone that we get is that theres a solid year coming up. So thats one of the things that I look at.
David Wells  Thompson Research: Thanks, thats very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. Yeah, on the RSC acquisition, to the extent youre comfortable commenting, can you just talk about, if the acquisition is approved, how much upside to your utilization rates should we think about from the RSC Total Control system? And, can you comment on whether you would ultimately expect the revenue share for the trench and HVAC businesses for the combined company to be similar to where you are on a standalone basis today?
Michael Kneeland: Yeah, Jerry, let me just say that, as I mentioned, the integration process is well underway. We just kicked it off. Individuals from both companies are looking at a way to launch the new combined organization. But, also at the same time, I want to emphasize that operationally we are two distinct companies until such time that we get all the approval and votes and we close. So, we are conducting ourselves accordingly at all levels. That being said, we do have a team that is dedicated for just what you just talked about and many more. Its made up of both sides. I will tell you the operating principles that we are working under, I think, are the key takeaways. We are looking at it through the customers eyes. How do we affect the customer? And, were looking at integration of the best of both worlds. And, there is a lot of things that RSC does great and there are some things that we do as well. So, the question is, how can we get both of those married up and put together and thats what these teams are focused on. Bill talked about and I mentioned about following the money and making sure that we deliver on at least that $200 million. But, then the last one is communication and we have to  well continue to communicate as we come through and find these answers. But, its too early. We just kicked it off but you just mentioned the one thing that they have that quite honestly is a valuable asset to them. We just dont know yet at this point.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And, can you talk about how youre thinking about fleet age in this cycle compared to the last cycle for your stand-alone business? I appreciate its  thats more of a byproduct of your capital allocation decision than a target in and of itself but I would appreciate your broader thoughts if you dont mind.
Michael Kneeland: Well, sure. And, Im going to ask Bill to chime in as well. But, what we have experienced during this downturn is our ability to actually achieve record time utilization while improving our rental rates on the older fleet. And so, weve pressure tested our theory, and we seem to be able to operate a lot  just fine at record levels on the older fleets. So, I think we will probably do some reevaluation to better understand that. As Bill mentioned, with the capital that were spending, we will drop our fleet age down over time and starting this year. But, to say what is the optimum area, I think were  we still have to refine that because, like I said, this downturn opened our eyes.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Operator: And, at this time, Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kneeland. Sir?
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Well, thank you, operator. I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. And, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And, also I suggest that you download our latest investor deck that weve got posted on our website. It has our full year numbers and also some additional information. And, as always, we welcome your calls to Greenwich and for site visits to our locations to see how we operate. Again, I want to thank everybody, and we look forward to our first quarterly call. So, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Kneeland, and thank you, Mr. Plummer. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: William B. Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Irene Moshouris - Senior Vice President and Treasurer Unknown Executive -  Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee
Analysts: Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Manish Somaiya - Citi David C. Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to United Rentals' Third Quarter Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments by presenters and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that today's call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may now begin.
Michael J. Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's call. With me today as the operator mentioned is our CFO, Bill Plummer, and other members of our senior management team. Last night, as you know, we reported a very strong quarter. It started at the top with a rental revenue increase of more than 19% and ended with an EPS of $0.91 per diluted share. Now behind those numbers was a solid 7.5% increase in rental rates and some exciting milestones for United Rentals. We reported time utilization of 73.5% on a larger fleet, and that's a record for us. And our adjusted EBITDA margin was 39.6%, the highest margin we've ever achieved and almost 4 points better than last year. Now all of that credit goes to our employees. They've been really putting their backs into driving our performance. They believe as we do that customers will see us as the best choice for equipment rental at any level of demand. Now I want to spend the next few minutes on demand and then I'll talk about our operating environment. As you saw last night, we've updated our full year outlook for rates to an increase of about 6%. And we think that time utilization will run about 3 percentage points higher than last year, so there's demand for our equipment in the marketplace. And more than you may expect, given the fact that construction as a whole is still weak, now here's what we're seeing and how we're responding. We attribute the increase to our business to a mix of factors. First, we believe that we're taking share from smaller rental outfits that make up the bulk of the industry. The recession left many of these companies starved for capital, with downsized fleets and fewer service capabilities, and we compete very effectively against that. Then there's the secular penetration, meaning companies of all sizes are opting to rent more of their equipment they need rather than buy it. And third, our push for customer service leadership continues to gain traction where it matters most with our Key Accounts. In the third quarter, Key Accounts were 53% of rental revenue. That was up 23% year-over-year on a dollar basis. And National Accounts, which is a subset of Key Accounts, also grew 23%. National Accounts were 34.4% of rental revenue in the quarter. Now you compare that to 4 years ago when rental revenue from National Accounts was just 19.6% for the same period. Now in addition, our customers themselves are optimistic about where things are going in the coming months. Experience has shown us that feedback from the field can be an excellent yardstick. So when our customers have an opinion about future activity, we consider that very carefully, along with leading indicators like the Architectural Billing Index. Now although the ABI Index declined overall in September to 46.9, our sectors, commercial and industrial increased to 52.4. Now this supports our belief that the worst is behind us. And Global Insight, the research firm that tracks our industry, expects rental revenues to grow by 5% next year. Now I'll talk more about 2012 in a minute. It's still a bumpy recovery for construction, but as you saw last night, our company is outperforming the environment. All of our regions had positive year-over-year growth in the quarter and 88% of states we serve had an increase in rental revenues. And Canada remains particularly strong, as do the East and Gulf regions. Our Midwest and Southeast regions still face the most challenging conditions, but both regions showed stellar improvement in the third quarter. So that should give you an indication of how our strategy can supersede the environment. Now from a sector standpoint, commercial construction, lodging and office space are not yet in recovery. But infrastructure projects, like power and water and transportation have picked up, and energy remains strong. Also, healthcare is still a very viable part of our business. Now in addition, our industrial business is performing well. Manufacturing has been especially strong for industrial, as has energy. And right now we're tracking hundreds of industrial projects in our system, in those 2 sectors alone. We're also finding that our industrial expertise carries a lot of weight with these customers, and once we've established a relationship, it often leads to cross-selling. Another highlight is our specialty rental operations, which had a very good quarter as well. Rental revenue for our Trench, Power and HVAC operations was up 56% in the quarter, including the benefit from acquisitions. And most of that increase came from industrial growth in the Gulf, where energy construction and expansion is booming. And disaster recovery, which creates demand for our power and climate control equipment. We're also seeing a lot more internal lead generation and that's a two-way street between our traditional rental branches and our specialty operations. Everyone has figured out that we can keep our customer in the fold and build more share of wallet if we're considered their single source for all their rental needs. So as you can see, there's a lot of different engines driving demand out there, and even though we're not at full throttle yet. Now I want to talk about how we're responding to those drivers. Demand for us is a calculated opportunity, and by that I mean, our CapEx decisions is very disciplined and analytical. There are near-term and long-term considerations. As you saw last night, our gross rental CapEx this year will end at around $775 million, which is significantly higher than we originally projected. That tells you something about our outlook for 2012. We expect nonresidential construction to grow next year, and with the fact that we can make these investments while still maintaining adequate liquidity is an important advantage in the upturn. And some of this CapEx is going to replace older fleet, although not necessarily in the same equipment categories. Replacement CapEx is an opportunity to redistribute capital to assets that command better rates or to position us for even better utilization as construction projects move through their phases. And that's equally -- that's an important point, the way we spend our capital. We're investing when we see opportunity to move the needle on returns. Equally as important, we can adjust our spend if warranted, without impacting our customer services. We've worked very hard to establish our reputation for service and believe me, that's not going to change. So we're very focused. Capturing profitable business now, positioning ourselves for the year ahead and cementing large scale customer relationships for the long term. This morning, I can tell you that we feel very good about all 3 of these objectives. Now we hear the same talk you do about the possible double dip. But let me be clear, from our vantage point here today, and our end markets we serve, we do not see a general decline in 2012, and our customers agree. And we recently surveyed 2,700 customers with a wide variation of rental spend. 80% expect their business to be as good as or if not better than 2011 in 2012. And only 14% expect their business to be down. Now we're encouraged by that. However, if things change, we have the flexibility to adjust our plan and mitigate our risk. Now that gives us a safety net for 2012 as conditions evolve, and I'm talking specifically about rental CapEx, which Bill will discuss in a minute. Now there's also talk about the American Rental Association's new standards for fleet, rate and utilization calculations, which we'll adopt starting in 2012. As you may be aware, we've been working with ARA and other rental companies for 18 months on this project, and we're very pleased with the end result. We encourage the industry to adopt these metrics as a consistent basis for reporting performance. Now most important, you will see us continue to leverage every arm of our strategy in 2012 just as we're doing this year, that is customer segmentation, price optimization, customer service differentiation and cost efficiency. We have an ambitious vision for United Rentals, and our entire company has embraced this challenge, and now that we're seeing the results. Now with that, I'm going to ask Bill to review our third quarter numbers in detail and then we'll go to your questions. So over to you Bill.
William B. Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As normal, I will try to offer some color on the actual results for the third quarter: revenue cost, profitability. I'll update you on our liquidity position, talk a little bit about the capital structure actions that we've taken recently, update the outlook for 2011 and offer a few comments on 2012, and then talk a little bit about the ARA metrics project and how we're going to approach implementing. Real briefly on the quarter, as Mike said, it was a very good quarter, almost everywhere you look. In particular, looking at our rental revenue, up 19% year-over-year and that was driven by strength in all aspects. So our rate performance is very strong, rental rates up 7.5% for the quarter. Rental rates were sequentially better by 3.6% compared to the second quarter, also a very strong progression in rate sequentially. So rate was a very significant contributor and certainly it is a part of the story that we've been pushing for the entire year. If you look at our rate performance year-to-date, we're up 6% through the end of September on a year-to-date basis. And that was again a very, very robust performance. And it's what prompted us to raise our outlook for the full year rate performance to about 6% for the remainder of the year. So all in all, a very strong story about rates, and we certainly, as we have been, will look for opportunities to drive rates even more significantly as the opportunity presents itself. Rental revenue was also very strongly supported by our volume performance. OEC on rent was up 15% year-over-year in the quarter. That was driven both by a larger fleet overall as we've invested more and also better utilization performance. If you look at utilization in particular, it was up 2.2 percentage points for the quarter over last year to 73.5% and it's becoming a familiar refrain by now, but that represents another record for the third quarter in the life of United Rentals. And that's the sixth consecutive quarter that we've been able to say that. So we've been driving very strong time utilization performance. And as you look at the months throughout the quarter in the third quarter, each month was successively stronger than the month before. So very strong time utilization environment in the backdrop of a larger fleet, as we spent more on rental CapEx. So put those together and that's what really drove the 19% rental revenue increase for the quarter. Let me move just real briefly to used equipment for the quarter. We delivered $42 million of proceeds from used equipment sales. That compares to $32 million the prior year. And very importantly, we delivered 35.7% gross margin associated with those used equipment sales. That's a 440-basis point increase in margin over the third quarter last year. It certainly is reflecting the channel mix effects that we talked about all year. So our retail channel mix in the third quarter was down a little bit from where it has been for the first 2 quarters of 2011, but still a very significant 50% was flowed through our retail channel. We did make more supplier sales during the quarter and that was partly what drove the 35.7% margin -- gross margin, to be a little bit lower than maybe what you saw in the first quarter, for example. And that is consistent with what we said we were going to do on the used sales front, which is to use that vendor channel more as we went through the course of the year. I'll touch on the outlook for fourth quarter in the outlook section. Let me move briefly to cost performance in the quarter. A very good cost performance, whether in cost of rent x depreciation or SG&A in the third quarter. On cost of rent, we were $24.5 million higher in cost of rent than last year and that certainly is consistent with driving the kind of productivity that we've been talking about across the company. If you look within that $24.5 million change year-over-year, volume was a significant driver. About 7.4% of it was strictly related to volume increases. Compensation and benefits were also a significant driver, as we've implemented and drove through merit increases this year relative to last year, as well as the higher bonus accruals that we've put into the cost of rent lines this year, reflecting our better performance as a company. The acquisitions, we broke out. If you just look at the acquisitions separately, they contributed $5.3 million to the increase in cost of rent and then fuel pricing was another significant driver at about $4.6 million. The remainder was a variety of other items, including timing on some of the expenses. So all in all, we view a pretty good cost of rent performance to the year. Just a simple way to think about it, if you look at the cost of rent in the third quarter, it was up 10% over last year, while the rental revenues were up 19%. That relationship is much better than in the second quarter, for example, when rental revenues were up about 16%, but the costs were up 13%. So getting the leverage on the cost side that we expect in the rental lines. A similar statement about SG&A, we were up $8.2 million in SG&A compared to last year. The key drivers there were volume of about $3.1 million, primarily selling cost and commission being the major part of that. Compensation was up $2.7 million, again, merit increases and incentive compensation accruals were the main driver there, the incentive comp piece driven by the better performance. We also had a combination of investment expenses associated with system implementations, primarily like our Core system and other investments that drove about $1.7 million of increased expense. Fuel, about $700,000 and a host of others for another $1.5 million, offset by what was a very nice bad debt performance in the quarter. Bad debt expense was actually favorable this year by about $1.7 million compared to last year. So all in all, we feel pretty good about SG&A in the quarter as well. You saw the profitability numbers, but just to highlight again, $82 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, that's a 31% increase over last year, and delivered at a margin of 39.6% as Mike said, a record margin performance for the company's life. That's 390 basis points better than last year and certainly, something that we feel very good about the performance in the quarter. EPS, on a GAAP basis, was $0.91 in the quarter, $0.92 on an adjusted basis. And the flow-through in the quarter of adjusted EBITDA to total revenue was 61.1%. That's fully in line with our expectations for the year, which I will remind you are in the 62% to 67% range. Real briefly on liquidity. A very nice liquidity position at the end of the quarter, supported by our free cash flow performance. Free cash flow through the year at the end of September, year-to-date through September, was a use of $76 million, and that's fully consistent with our plan for the full year, which I remind you is $5 million to $10 million of free cash flow positive. Our liquidity was good during the course of the quarter, and that was supported by some of the actions that we took on components of our capital structure. So real briefly, you saw the announcements that we renewed our accounts receivable facility in September, and we also amended our ABL facility just last week. On the accounts receivable facility, the overall facility, we extended for 364 days and realized a very nice improvement in our interest expense associated with that facility, albeit we did it at a little bit smaller size, $300 million versus $325 million in the prior facility. For the ABL facility, we increased the size of that facility from $1.360 billion to $1.8 billion, while also at the same time, reducing the borrowing cost associated with it. Our current cost will be 2 -- excuse me, 100 basis points lower than the cost on the prior facility. And obviously, we pushed out the maturity of that facility to 2016. We also improved pretty significantly other terms associated with the facility. So very pleased with the actions on the capital structure front for this quarter. Let me offer just some highlights of our outlook for 2011 and a couple of preliminary thoughts on 2012. For 2011, you saw in our press release that we now expect our rental rates for the full year to be up about 6% for the full year. That's up from the 5% or higher statement that we had made previously. In looking at time utilization, we're taking up our view for time utilization for the full year. We now think 2011 will be up 3 percentage points over last year, that up from the 2.5 percentage points that we had talked about previously. In terms of free cash flow expectations, we are sticking with the $5 million to $10 million free cash flow positive for the year, as I said, even though we are raising our expectation for rental CapEx this year to a gross spend of $775 million. We're also raising the net rental CapEx range that we expect this year to between $575 million and $600 million for the year. So putting more capital into the fleet, but sticking with the cash flow guidance for the year. In terms of profitability and flow-through, we reaffirm the overall flow-through target for the year of between 62% and 67% and obviously, we expect a strong performance here in the fourth quarter. Real briefly on 2012. As Mike said, we're optimistic about 2012. But it's key in our thinking that there is a lot of flexibility in our business model. We certainly have a view that we will address some replacement needs in the early part of 2012 in our CapEx plans. Right now, we're thinking that we have a replacement spend somewhere in that $500 million to $600 million range for the year in 2012. But we're thinking very actively about how we might schedule that spend, so that we can maintain flexibility. In particular we've been talking about looking at the year in halves and focusing on the first half right now to lay out our plans for the overall year. In terms of our rate experience or rate expectation for next year, we will note that we have a carryover benefit next year in rental rates. If 2011 finishes out the way we expect, that benefit would be in the area of 2.25% to 2.5% in carryover. So those are some of the preliminary thoughts. Obviously, we're in the process of sharpening our thinking about 2011 as we go through our budgeting process, and we'll talk more about it when we deliver the fourth quarter and full year results in January. Let me just finish up by touching on the ARA metrics project that Mike mentioned. We're very excited about this initiative. We view it as a big step forward for the industry in adding clarity and a more standard approach for thinking about the business, and we are very supportive. For us, the impact will be some changes in how we report. In particular, on our rental rate statement, our current calculation methodology is different than where the ARA ended up. We will adopt the ARA measure starting in 2012. The main differences we talked with many of you about surround the weighting of Cat classes and rental periods. We use the current period weighting, the ARA method uses a prior-period weighting. ARA also takes out the effect of foreign exchange from the rate calculation whereas historically we've left it in. Also on the fleet-age front, there'll be a change in how we approach fleet age. We have historically talked about a unit-weighted fleet age calculation, ARA uses an OEC-weighted calculation. So we'll make that change as well. Just to give you a sense of the impact of those changes, on rental rate, the 7.5% year-over-year rate improvement that we reported for the third quarter on the new ARA model would be about 6.5%. On fleet age, the 46.6 months that we reported at the end of the third quarter would be about 3 months higher on an OEC-weighted basis. As I said, we plan to fully adopt next year and we'll talk about more about that when we deliver the fourth quarter results. That's about all I wanted to say right now. Before we open it up for Q&A, I just wanted to reiterate my view is very much in line with Michael's, that this was a very strong quarter for us. As we look across the performance of the business, we feel very, very pleased about what we've been able to deliver and what's really exciting for me is, as we look around, we still see opportunities to drive greater performance. So I look forward to talking to you all about the results and driving forward. So we'll stop here, and open up for Q&A at this point. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to see -- can you spend a little bit of time talking about time utilization, how you were thinking about it, how high can you push that number? It sounds like you're going to end this year at about 68.5%, which would be a record. In prior years of strength, you never got that high, but your CapEx was higher than the number you're talking about for this year. So can you help us reconcile what your -- how you're balancing those 2?
Michael J. Kneeland: Seth, this is Mike. Yes, your point is well taken that we have been driving time utilization up. As Bill mentioned, it's the sixth consecutive quarter that we've had significant improvement in our time. I think overall, as we become much more efficient at how we do things going forward, I think that there's still a point to 2 points that we could get out of our business. Keep in mind, it's also how we change our products as we go forward. All the capital that we're spending goes to a plethora of different products that we have out there. So each one will have its own dynamics, but I think overall, we have the capacity for the future to get a couple of points out of it.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well, I guess a follow-up to that. I mean, it sounds like when Bill was going through the cost change in the quarter, you didn't really call out repair maintenance. Has that basically anniversary? We had some headwinds there in the first half, I guess. So repair and maintenance costs are no longer -- I mean, you've brought fleet age down now a little bit. So is that the right way to think about it that we're not going to see, even though utilization is high, we're not going to see those repair and maintenance costs be as much of a headwind then going forward?
William B. Plummer: Yes, I think that's fair, Seth. We didn't call it out because as we look at the year-over-year performance of R&M, we feel better about where it is in the third quarter than we did in the first quarter, for example. So I think that's a fair characterization. We think it's in the range of noise now.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so if that's coming down and then presumably maybe fuel prices come down, should we think about pull-through next year being north of 60% again?
William B. Plummer: Yes, I think it's fair to say that it will be north of 60%. Don't have a definitive number right now, but I think it will be north of 60%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citigroup.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: It's Manish Somaiya from Citi. A couple of questions, beginning with Bill. Bill, could you talk about why the new ABL does not have a rating? And then, I guess when you increased the size of the ABL, how did you go about deciding between the largest ABL and the impact on ratings on the bonds in particular?
William B. Plummer: Sure. So why no rating is pretty straightforward. We don't feel that we need a rating on that facility. I guess we had a rating from S&P. They elected to withdraw the rating upon the new facility, and we just didn't think that it was warranted to go and pay for adding a rating. In terms of the impact -- the thinking about the impact on debt, there is no impact with S&P. And at Moody's, there's no impact on the family rating of the company, overall. I can't remember if we've actually seen a decision out of Moody's. Sorry?
Unknown Executive: It came out this week.
William B. Plummer: So, I guess, we did get the decision out of Moody's to notch the unsecured and then that's really a function of their process for secured debt. They assume that the entire facility is drawn. And so they put that facility in as drawn at $1.8 billion and then they work through their process and look at the impact on that basis of the securities that are underneath the secured loan. And it's a mechanical process, quite honestly, not terribly logical in my mind, but that's the way they do it. So I guess I direct you to Moody's to ask how they do it. As far as our consideration, we certainly understood that they were likely to notch down, but our view is that the fundamental credit characteristics of the company haven't changed. And so we feel pretty comfortable that the market will understand that and there won't be a significant impact, if any, to our bondholders.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: Okay, that's helpful. And then just turning to Slide 5 of your presentation where you talked about the 4 initiatives, under the soft 2012 scenario. I think, Bill, you touched on the replacement CapEx portion, but is there a way or can you kind of give us more color on what you're thinking on used sales, branch footprint, additional cost savings. Obviously, on cost savings you guys have been at it for the last 24 months. Clearly, you've done a good job, but how much more is there to do?
William B. Plummer: So used sales will certainly reflect the overall approach to the fleet decision, but we've been focused on driving -- as our fleet's gotten bigger, we've been focused on driving greater used sales over the forecast horizon that we've been talking about. And we'll continue to look to drive used sales. I think you can -- that replacement number that I gave you, of about $500 million to $600 million is probably the OEC amount of the used sales that we would target, at least, initially in thinking about next year. As it relates to other cost opportunities, we certainly are continuing to look at branch closures and consolidations as part of how we think about the business. So we'll continue to make those choices and if need be next year, we can pull that lever to respond to a softer environment. We're going to have some closures in the current quarter. We'll announce those as we get through the quarter, that results from our look at our cost structure. But that is in the nature of sort of a normal review of our footprint. If things get tough next year, we would take a harder look on branch footprint. Similarly in other lines of cost, we think that we have some opportunities, either in good times or in tough times to take a little bit more in the way of cost out. We're looking at our strategy, for example, of how we align operations in a given geography, right? It's not just about what branches you open, what branches you close, but how the branches in a given geography work with each other. We think there's some opportunity there. We think there's some opportunity in some of the G&A lines, and taking a harder look at what we do where and how we rely on outside support versus inside. So we think there's some more cost opportunities. It's obviously much harder now than it used to be, but we think there are opportunities there.
Michael J. Kneeland: Manish, this is Mike. I just want to reiterate what Bill said, is that we're not done. We are clearly focused on driving much more efficiencies and the other thing that we've talked about, and we've talked about with you and other investors, is about FAST and the way in which we deliver equipment. We think that there's significant opportunities to further improve our cost structure, while improving our services to our customer. So stay tuned, more to come.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: Got you. And then just lastly on the potential adjusted EBITDA slide that you guys have, that you've had for some time. It looks like you are sort of there on sort of many operating metrics. Any part on updating the slide?
William B. Plummer: Well, we've tried to update it at the beginning of the year, for the last couple of years. So we'll talk about it in the context of what we talk about when we report fourth quarter.
Michael J. Kneeland: It's safe to say that we're marching closer and closer and we're running as fast as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The question I've received a lot is -- it's kind of a 2- or 3-parter. The impact of benefit you're getting from one, weather; two, government stimulus, local or national; and three, energy. And then the concern is the sustainability of it. So if you can just address that please, Mike.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, well, weather is something you can't control. It comes and it goes. Obviously, in the last quarter, we had some storms. We had some areas along the East Coast that had a minor effect, nonetheless it was an effect that drove some of our utilization a little bit higher, and particularly in our Trench, Power, HVAC business. As far as the government, we see the government as a unique opportunity and we think that the story of behind rental is a very strong story for the government. And so we look forward for continuous improvement. Right now, there's still continuous [ph] small numbers with regards to the government spending, as you know. We haven't been large participants of the stimulus dollars. But I will just say, any dollars that are put into the economy can't be seen as negative. It's got to be seen as positive. So we'll take whatever comes our way. With regards to energy, I think energy has been an ongoing dispute, not a dispute but question for many, many years. First, oil, now frac-ing is a widely used term. I don't see that ramping up at the speed it did this past year, but I don't see it declining. I'm seeing it kind of leveling off and continue to grow. But nonetheless, I see that as a viable -- it's very low-cost energy that's here in the United States and all indications are that, that's going to be a -- continue to grow forward. So I see that as a positive within our industry.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just following up on that, can you guys give us a rough breakout of your big verticals. You did mention in prepared remarks at the beginning, healthcare, energy, a few others, can you give us a feel about how they break out and the percentage of the total revenue? And maybe how they're comparing to 2 years past, the stronger ones and the weaker ones I guess highlighting?
Michael J. Kneeland: The way in which we look at things, I mean our year-to-date, and this is by SIC code, and this is how we have an internal report. In construction today is around 48.2% of our business. We have services and manufacturing, one, is 12.5%, the other is 10.5%. We have transportation for government, 3.4%. Mining, just under 3%. It's a long list of different SIC groupings that we track inside of our industry. Construction, as you know, the way we track it for SIC codes, electrician's an electrician. We don't change that, and we don't know exactly what job he's on, whether it's a hospital or whether it's a power plant. We just track it by their SIC code. So I don't know if that's answering your question, specifically or are you talking about...
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: No, that was really helpful, Mike. I guess just to round it out, if you can compare and contrast how that looks versus 2, 3, 4 years ago? And just how different is the mix of your customer now versus back then? And what are the main trends that you've seen in that change? And I guess, taking a step further, what you see going forward, which you've covered mostly, but if you can just kind of finish that out.
Michael J. Kneeland: Yes, let me put it this way. I mentioned in my opening comments that National Accounts has grown from 19.6% to 32.4%. That has been a growing trend. I see that going to continue to grow forward. But most importantly is the Key Accounts and the reason I mentioned Key Accounts is that you know -- our go-to-market strategy is by account management. And we have identified what we consider very critical accounts, whether it be a National Account, whether it be a strategic account, which is multistate, but not multiregional and then we have the assigned account and the assigned account would be someone, and I've used this analogy with you before, Scott, someone who's say, in the 5 boroughs of New York, he doesn't have any reason to go anywhere else. But he is getting at the lion's share of that business and that market. That's how we look at the world. That's how we're measuring ourselves. Today, we're around 53%. I see that trending up closer to 60% over time. But there are always going to be the other portion of that business that we bring in new accounts, we classify them and then we'll assign an account to them. But that's how I look at the world. That is very different than the way we looked at the world, 3, 4, 5 years ago. We kicked off Operation United in 2009 to focus in on these Key Accounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Chang from Credit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first question I had was on a clarification. Of the 80% of the customers you polled, was that weighted by revenues or just by a number of customers? And then what percentage of the Key Account customers would you say were bullish on 2012?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I mean, the large portion of those customers were probably some of our Key Accounts. We didn't weight it by revenue. It is by actual count. So we didn't break it out by National Accounts. We could do that, but we don't have that data readily available.
Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. And I guess if we could focus on a different business, the used equipment sales for Q4, how should we think of the mix of that sales sold via auction given the Ritchie Bros. announcement. Is it going to be kind of like 2009, where it's about 40% of sales or more like 2010, where it was in the low-20s?
William B. Plummer: Yes, Peter, just to be the clear, the auction share that we expect for the remainder of the year is going to be fairly small. Let's say in the 10% to 15% range just to give you a ballpark. The Ritchie Bros. announcement specifically was -- let's call it an experiment that we're running with Ritchie Bros., with the idea of saving on the cost and aggravation of shipping all of the equipment to a Ritchie Bros. auction site and instead leaving the equipment at United Rental sites and asking people to either visit the equipment at those sites or to access data on Ritchie Bros.'s website or our website. We think that we can take some complexity and cost out of the process for us and still get a pretty good participation in the auction. So that's what you saw out of Ritchie Bros. It's not a signal that we're going to ramp up the amount of auction selling that we'll do significantly. We've said that we're going to do more selling to vendors in the fourth quarter, so you'll certainly see more of that. Vendors represented about, I think I said, 25% of what we sold in the third quarter. They'll probably be that or higher in the fourth quarter. And then we're going to push everything that we can through our retail channel. So hopefully, that gives a little bit more insight. But if not, ask another question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: On the volume increase, is it possible to talk directionally about how much was from growth with existing customers, penetration into new accounts and how much came from the acquisitions?
William B. Plummer: So penetration with new accounts, growth with existing accounts, we haven't broken out historically. I think it's fair to say that the existing accounts were the big drivers of the volume increase, as we've really ramped up our focus on driving more share of wallet and so that's been the biggest chunk. In terms of the acquisition impact, we added -- I can talk about it in terms of revenue rather than OEC on rent. The acquisitions contributed about $22 million of total revenue in the quarter. And I'll just -- you didn't ask, but I'll add that, that $22 million came with an EBITDA margin of north of 50%. So that gives you a sense of the impact on the financials of the acquisitions. If you really want what part of the OEC on rent, yes, we can probably talk about it offline.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's helpful. And it seems that part of the fleet purchase is to take advantage of opportunities that you've had to let go over the last couple of quarters. I know you can't perfectly quantify how much better the third quarter would have been if you had had the additional fleet in place, but in your thinking, would the third quarter have been much better had you had this fleet available?
William B. Plummer: Clearly, it would have been better. How much is very hard to say. The key discussion that we had about whether we should have been spending more in the third quarter was around, how do you trade off what would be a better third quarter against investing more fleet in the face of uncertainty about what next year is going to look like, right? That's the eternal tension in our business. Do you take what's in an up cycle at least? Do you takes what's in front of you today and bare the risk that you may be carrying too much capital at some point in the future? And we ultimately decided, you know what, we've got enough confidence about 2012 and what's going to happen then, so that it was worthwhile spending some more in the late third and through the fourth quarter. That's why we raised our guidance. That help?
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. One final one if I could. How much impact was there from the hurricane in the East and the Midwestern flooding during the quarter and is there any carryover benefit in the fourth quarter?
Michael J. Kneeland: Henry, this is Mike. Like I said, it affected our -- if any one of our segments, it would have been the Trench, Power, HVAC, with the other generators and the digi magnification and it wasn't really a significant number in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: I wanted to see if you could give us a little color around how demand trended intraquarter? Was there any volatility or was it fairly steady? Any color you can give would be helpful.
Michael J. Kneeland: Let me just, I'll give it to you, the time utilization as we went through the quarter. In July, it was at 72.5%, August was at 73.7% and September was at 74.3%.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: That's great. That answers it.
William B. Plummer: Emily, I'll add, all of that while we were adding fleet in each of the months.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great, thank you. And then in terms of, I know I asked this on the last call, but I'm just curious if there's any update in terms of the competitive landscape, how you would describe it currently and specifically as it relates to pricing trends by your competitors?
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, I think that the competitive landscape obviously is -- I think everyone's growing. I think you saw the results from one of our competitors last month. My sense is that -- and we saw some of the early indications from one of our competitors. I think they're all -- I think we're all benefiting from the secular shift. I think that we're all going to see rates improve as well. And as I mentioned, I think that some of the lower tier, smaller local players, I don't know that capital is readily available for them. All indications are still very tight, which has enabled the larger companies to capitalize on this momentum. And I don't know that that's going to change relatively soon given the uncertainty in the marketplace. So I think everyone is acting great. I mean, it's good stewards of the industry. They're focused on driving their businesses, improving profitability and improving rental rates.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you. And then if I could just one final question, just housekeeping. Can you give us the dollar utilization for the quarter? I don't know if I missed that somewhere.
William B. Plummer: I'll get that one. 55.1%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli: My questions are regarding the revolver and there's a couple of pieces to it. So first I just want to make sure I understand the mechanism. You actually can only borrow $1.3 billion on the revolver currently because there's $500 million uncommitted. Is that correct?
William B. Plummer: No. So it's $1.8 billion of available borrowings on the existing facility. There is an additional $500 million of uncommitted that we could add on at some future point.
Philip Volpicelli: Okay. So we could go to $2.3 billion?
William B. Plummer: Yes, exactly.
Philip Volpicelli: And then what is the amount that your borrowing base would currently permit you draw?
William B. Plummer: It's a good question. Against the $1.8 billion, there is suppressed availability. So the full $1.8 billion is available.
Philip Volpicelli: Great. And then with regard to covenants, your previous facility had a mechanism where you have no covenants unless availability drops below 125 or 10% of the size. What's the new mechanism? Are there still covenants and are they still springing?
William B. Plummer: They are still springing, they are sprung off initially. So they are sprung off today and it's the same threshold, 10%.
Philip Volpicelli: Okay, great. And the rate, I'm sorry, is LIBOR plus 200, is that accurate?
William B. Plummer: L plus 200 is what we're paying today. There's a grid that could go as low as 175, and as high as, help me Irene, as high as 225. So we're at 200 today.
Philip Volpicelli: What leverage would you need to get to, to get down to 175?
William B. Plummer: It's a fixed cost -- excuse me, the leverage ratio?
Irene Moshouris: It's availability.
William B. Plummer: It's availability. Where is the trigger point for 175?
Irene Moshouris: Between $500 million and $1 billion of availability [indiscernible]
William B. Plummer: Between $500 million and $1 billion of availability, we're at 200 basis points. So the breakpoints are at the either end of that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just a real quick question on 2012 free cash flow to the degree you're willing to give us some framework. And so, if we just go through kind of some of the stuff you've outlined adding OEC, the pricing momentum and the encouraging signs on utilization next year, I think that the logical read-through is that cash flow from operation is likely up. When I kind of think through the gross CapEx you outlined and then thinking about the sales at OEC and applying a normal kind of discount rate to figure out the net cash, it looks like CapEx on that basis will be down year-over-year. And so I was wondering if you'd be willing to kind of give us some form of field post to think about what cash generation might look like next year?
William B. Plummer: Ted, we're certainly wrestling with those questions as we speak. Wrestling only in the sense of, we want to get our forecast for next year from an operating perspective set. So I'm really hesitant to say anything other than, we're mindful of what we want to do to manage the fleet. I mentioned the replacement CapEx spend that we think about for next year as being in that $500 million to $600 million range. We're also mindful of the demand that we're seeing from those Key Accounts that we want to build our strategy around. And so we're going to be very focused on what's the right strategic place to put our capital spend for next year. And that will be the big driver, and where we end up in free cash flow. We've been free cash flow positive as a company for at least 7 years in a row. I think maybe there's only 1 year in the history of the company where we haven't been. So we obviously take that as a standard seriously. At the same time, we are very focused on driving the strategy of the company and positioning the company for the long run. And we're in a mode now where there's a lot of demand for capital. So we're trying to balance those things and we'll talk about them more when we release earnings in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wells from Thompson Research.
David C. Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Looking at the fourth quarter in the used sales, a pickup in the rate that's going on there, it sounds like you're using more of the vendor channel for that. Can you talk about some of the incentives of why you would use that channel? Is there a trade-off where you're getting preferred pricing, something similar on the actual OEC that you're buying?
William B. Plummer: David, it's really being driven by the fact that they represent another outlet for taking a decent size of equipment. And that's the main driver of why we do the deal with them. We're buying equipment from them anyway, excuse me, so we might as well use that as part of leveraging the overall relationship is the mindset. Do we get special deals and special purchase pricing in these deals? No. It's much more focused on leveraging the relationship and asking those vendors to step up and take some of the used equipment off our hands. The margins, the prices that they pay on the purchase side are certainly very competitive with the alternative of going to auction. And so that's the way we think about doing these vendor sales is, where does it position us versus taking that equipment to auction. Our first choice always is to sell it ourselves. But if they can step up and take a big chunk of equipment, do it at a price that is not as bad as we would get through auction, and we can leverage the spend that we're doing already, that's what will drive us to do some of those sales to vendors. That help?
David C. Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Yes, that's helpful, I appreciate that. And then looking at the $500 million to $600 million number that you gave for next year, should we think about that then as a floor, and then based off of your forecast for your Key Accounts, then you could see a growth CapEx kind of in addition to that level? Is that the right way to interpret that?
William B. Plummer: It's the right way to interpret it, if next year turns out to be a decent year. So I hesitate to say it's a floor only because if next year turns out to be a really soft year, we could spend less than that. But that's the natural replacement level of spend that we think about for next year, and as long as the market hangs in, you could look for us to do at least that and then add growth CapEx on top of that in response to what we're seeing from the market and from our customers.
David C. Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: Okay, that's helpful. And then lastly, as you look through that CapEx equation with rates where they are, can you talk about what's your, kind of assumed IRR is on the CapEx now versus 2 to 3 years from now? Hopefully you're further out. I mean, is it still such that it makes sense to accelerate now?
William B. Plummer: Yes, again, it depends on the path of demand between now and a few years from now. But if 2012, 2013, 2014 play out the way that we hope and expect, the incremental return from CapEx is pretty attractive. Without giving a specific number, it's certainly going to be well above any reasonable view of what our cost of capital is.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to turn the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland: Well, thank you, operator. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today and as I always state at the end of these calls, I urge all of you to download our latest investor deck, which has been updated on our website. And I invite any investor who would like to go to one of our facilities to reach out to Fred Bratman, so that we can have an orderly presentation put together for you. So with that, I'll conclude and thank you very much, and look forward to our next call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good Day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Brown - Vice President and Assistant Controller Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC. Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Manish Somaiya - Citi Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals second quarter investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments by presenters and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year end December 31, 2010, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that today's call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. And good morning, everyone, and welcome in joining us in our second quarter call. With me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Plummer, and other members of our senior management team. Well, last night, we reported numbers that showed significant progress towards our targets as part of a multiyear strategy that is focused on profitable growth and margin expansion. And as you know, we reported earnings per share of $0.38 on 16% increase in rental revenue. Our rates were up more than 6% year-over-year and with a stronger performance each month in the quarter. To give you an example, rates were up 5.4% year-over-year in April, 6.2% in May and 7.2% in June. And time utilization of 69%, which by the way, was up fifth consecutive quarter of record time utilization and we did it on a larger fleet. And our adjusted EBITDA margin was 35%, up 3 percentage points year-over-year. And these numbers are solid in their own right, especially given our operating environment but they also reflect a strategy that is engineered for long-term improvement of our operations, our market opportunities and the financial attractiveness of our business. Virtually every arm of our strategy is clearly working, however, there's more to come. Now for example, our model is capable of generating more operating leverage to continuous improvement of our cost structure, and one priority is our cost of rent. Some of the increase we saw in the quarter was a consequence of volume but we believe there are untapped efficiencies and we're looking hard at those opportunities. And at the same time, we want to make sure that any moves that we make are in the best long-term interest of our company. We're not interested in quick fixes. And the actions that we're taking, like investments in technology, are strategically sound for us. Now look, as a whole, we hit the midyear point solidly in line with our internal expectations. And that was no small feat given that this is not a summer of recovery for construction as some industry analysts originally forecasted. Nonresidential construction for the U.S. year-to-date is still declining from 2010, with May being particularly weak in terms of construction starts. Now other indicators like the Architectural Billing Index are reflecting the choppiness that seems to be the main characteristic of this recovery. And the ABI has bumped around between 47 and 50 since January. It's slightly better than last year, but overall, still disappointing. And the industrial sector is doing better, both in the U.S. and Canada. And we've put our company in a strong position to capitalize in this opportunity with our recent acquisitions of the Venetor Group in Ontario and the GulfStar acquisition in Texas and Louisiana. And we made these acquisitions because they tie so well to our strategy. Together, they contributed almost $6 million of EBITDA in the quarter. So also on the bright side, our customers are reporting that they're seeing more bid activity, which is consistent with what we're hearing from other sources. And the backlog of our larger customers seems to be improving. And the biggest challenge for contractors right now is margin, and that pressure is being felt along the whole supply chain. So how are we getting double-digit growth in this environment, in a nutshell? When we formulated our customer segmentation strategies several years ago, we got it right. For our key customer groups, demand is up more than the market overall. In addition, when we signed these customers, we knew that we had the ability to earn more of their business through superior customer service. We estimate that our share of wallet with National Accounts run about 53% through June, which is significantly higher than last year. In other words, our segmentation strategy is unfolding exactly as envisioned. And all of our operating regions had positive growth in the quarter. And we had double-digit growth in key strategic areas, let me go over some of them. Rental revenue for National Accounts was up 17% year-over-year; Industrial was up 18%, included the impact of the acquisitions; and our Key Account business was up 16%. Our Trench, Power, HVAC business had a very robust, up 29% growth due to the combination CoStar's, [ph] our acquisition and demand for our specialized expertise. Canada, which is being compared against a banner year in 2010, was up 45% in the quarter and even if you exclude the impact of Venetor, it was still up significantly. So the provinces are becoming more important part of our business. Now as I've mentioned before, we also believe that we're benefiting from the secular shift towards rental, as well as the growing appeal of our brand as a premier customer service provider. These 2 dynamics can be difficult to measure but one thing is clear from our performance this year, this is not increasing utilization on our fleet by buying share at the expense of rental rates. We can say that with confidence because as many of you know, Rouse, has initiated metric tracking in our industry, and rates are part of the data that we see. Now all of our employees understand the importance of rates and return on assets. Our approach to fleet management is much more disciplined this year and well-rounded than our prior cycles. And our CapEx plan for the year, which Bill will discuss in a minute, are calculated to drive returns, not just in 2011 or 2012, but over the full life of the asset. And we see opportunities to protect key relationships with certain types of fleet, but we also see more room to push rate in local markets.  Let me give you an example of how hard we've been fighting for rates out there in the trenches. In the second quarter, we continued to shift toward monthly rentals, which as you all know is part of our strategy. Last year, monthly rentals was 69.6% in the quarter and this year, they're 72.8%, up very nicely. And that's part of what we call the period mix. We collect fewer dollars per day on a monthly rental but these transactions are typically more profitable than daily or weekly term. Now in addition to that, National Accounts as a percentage of rental revenue increased 33% in the quarter and these are negotiated agreements tend to be more competitive on rates. But even with that, we brought rates up more than 6% in the quarter. And so we stayed through to our strategy of transforming our customer mix, while at the same time we did the most effective job yet of raising rates in this cycle. In fact, rates were up at every one of our target customer groups and at every equipment category. Our performance in the quarter also makes an important statement about the cohesiveness of our company, particularly our field operations. And our continuing to invest in this field will pay off both revenue and cost control. Now we've already done that with CORE, which is the software our branches used to manage rates. And we're also continuing to rollout our fast technology, which should bring more efficiency to our logistics end of our business. Investments in technologies are not bandaids, they are a prudent way to improve our top line and our bottom line by changing the fundamentals of how we do business. So looking ahead, it's obvious to everyone that there's a lot of macro uncertainty out there. It can be difficult to pin down end-market behavior with any real precision. And that's the reality of our marketplace, but it's not our reality. Our results have defined operating environment because they are being propelled by strategic plan that does not rely on rebound in our end markets. And that gives us a lot of confidence that tells us that we can make progress where we need to. And we expect our performance to remain robust for the balance of this year. The 35% adjusted EBITDA margin we reported in the second quarter for our company, it's a solid step forward to our bridge to our near-term growth of $1 billion of EBITDA and stronger margins. Equipment rental like a lot of industries may be looking at the new normal but this is a new United Rentals, and we're prepared to take that on.  So on that note, I'll stop here and I'll ask Bill to review our second quarter numbers and then we'll take your questions and we'll go from there. So over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As always, I'll give you some more detail on the quarter, a little bit more color on the drivers and then spend a little time updating the outlook for the remainder of 2011. Starting with revenues. Overall, revenues were up solidly, as Mike said. Rental revenues were up 16.4% within that rate and time utilization strong drivers, rates being up 6.1% year-over-year and time utilization also being very strong, 69%, or up 3.3 percentage points over last year. Dive into rates a little bit more deeply, that 6.1% year-over-year performance was one of the stronger quarters that we've seen in the history of the company. If you look at it sequentially, the second quarter was up 1.8 percentage points compared to the first quarter. Again, very strong, relative to where we've seen second quarter's come in sequentially in the history of the company. If you break down the months within the first -- excuse me, the second quarter of rental rate performance, Mike gave you the year-over-year as by month, just to flesh that out a little bit more, the sequentials by month were as follows: April was up 6/10 sequentially versus March; May was up 1.1 percentage points versus April; and June was up 2 percentage points versus May. So a nice robust sequential growth in the quarter on rental rates as well. If you look at rates year-to-date, our year-to-date rate is up 5.2 percentage points over last year and that's very clearly in line with the guidance that we've given for rates over the full year of 2011. So we feel very comfortable of being able to deliver that 5% or more for rate performance in 2011.   Looking at volume and time utilization. OEC on rent, our measure of volume, was up 13.8% year-over-year in the quarter. That happened along with an increase in fleet size. Our average fleet size was up just under 8% over the second quarter last year. Put those 2 together and you get the time utilization performance that we mentioned, 69%, up 3.6 percentage points over the prior year. That is a fifth consecutive quarterly record for the company in time utilization performance,, and it certainly bodes well for the second half starting out on a strong note. That's enough about rental revenue for now, let me move to used equipment briefly. Used equipment proceeds for the quarter were $41 million, and that's up from $37 million the prior year. More importantly, the gross margins were quite nice in the quarter. We realized 31.7% gross margin on our used sales in the quarter this year, that's up 7.4 percentage points compared to last year. And as has been the case recently, the main driver was the channel mix. We continue to flow a tremendous amount of our used sales activity through our own retail channel. It was about 68% in the second quarter this year, that's up from 61%, prior year. Auction also continues to decline, again, as has been the case recently. We are only 12% auction in the mix this quarter, and that's down from 22% in second quarter of last year. So continued good performance in the used equipment sales in the quarter. As we look forward, we certainly expect to continue to drive good robust used equipment volume over the second half. We will continue to manage also the margin, the challenge there is that we plan, as we've said in our previous filings, to use more sales-to-vendors as one of the channels this year. And that made depressed the margin that we realized somewhat in the second half compared to the first half. Let me move briefly to our cost performance in the quarter. Starting with cost of rent x depreciation. They were up $29 million on a year-over-year basis versus last year. Within that $29 million of unfavorability, volume accounted for about $10 million of it and I'll point out that the volume included little under $5 million of re-rent expense increase compared to last year. So $10 million attributed to volume of the overall $29 million year-over-year change. Compensation contributed about $5 million to that change. That included increases in profit sharing among our field operations, as well as the increase in merit increases that we told you about in the first quarter. Those combined gave you the $5 million for comp, along with compensation, we also had about $5 million impact from the acquisitions in our year-over-year cost of rent performance. That's just the straight add of their cost. Fuel pricing was another driver. Our fuel prices were up roughly 33% on a year-over-year basis. We did have hedges in places as we have mentioned but even so, the hedge prices were such that our fuel impact this quarter was significant. About $3 million of the $29 million was due to fuel price differences this year versus last. The remainder is a host of items, fleet age, we talked about that in the past. Fleet age contributed a little under $2 million of incremental expense, just servicing an older fleet. We had an insurance benefit last year that didn't repeat this year, that contributed roughly $2 million and then the remainder was a host of puts and takes on a variety of lines within our cost of rent. Moving briefly to SG&A performance. We continue to leverage our SG&A more effectively as we go forward this year. In the second quarter, SG&A represented 15.9% of revenue and that's a 30-basis point improvement over last year. The SG&A dollars were up $10 million in the second quarter compared to the prior year, and the big drivers of that change were compensation with the G&A-related bonuses being up with higher performance and volume was another significant driver, primarily commission expense increases with the higher revenue. The other components of SG&A change were puts and takes here and there, including about $0.5 million of fuel here as we include fuel for our management vehicles in SG&A as opposed to in cost of rent. Another $0.5 million to represent the increase in investments in things like FAST and CORE systems over last year and then a host of puts and takes elsewhere in the SG&A area. So let me move now to profitability, starting with EBITDA. On an adjusted EBITDA basis, you saw the report of $221 million for the quarter and that's up nicely versus last year. 23% improvement over last year, obviously driven by the key components that I mentioned in revenue and cost. As a percent of sales, Mike mentioned 35% is a very nice increase of 300 basis points over the prior year and it represents a record for the company in the second quarter in its history. Moving to EPS, GAAP EPS of $0.38 for the quarter and adjusted EPS of $0.40 for the quarter were nice improvements over the prior year. On an adjusted EPS basis prior year was $0.25, for example. So a nice robust improvement there as well. Let me just address our fleet management activity briefly in the quarter, first, starting with fleet transfers. We continue to transfer fleet at a rapid pace across the business to leverage the fleet that we have as effectively as possible. Transfers total about $1.4 billion in the current quarter, that's very comparable to where we've been over the last number of quarters. As we think about the size of the fleet, we reported already that the average fleet size increased almost 8% year-over-year. Clearly, that reflects the spending that we've been doing. Our gross CapEx in the second quarter for rental fleet was $297 million and the net rental CapEx was very robust as well, well north of $250 million. We continue to look for opportunities to invest in our fleet. And we're investing in those places where we get the best bang for our buck. So, for example, of that $2.97 gross spend in the second quarter, 20% of it was spent in Canada, and Mike told you about the strength that we're seeing up there. Of the spend in the second quarter, we continue to emphasize those categories of equipment that represent the best opportunity, i.e. earthmoving equipment and generant categories like generators, compressors, trucks and other general categories. And we continue to spend albeit at a lower than pro rata share on scissor lifts and other aerial work platforms. AWPs were about 33% of our overall spend, for example, in the second quarter compared to a mid-40s percent share of our overall portfolio. Touching quickly on cash flow and liquidity. Free cash flow for the quarter was a use of $118 million, clearly reflecting the heavy CapEx spend. That brings our year-to-date free cash flow to a use of $48 million. This is still very much in line with our view of being free cash flow positive for the year and so we look for nice positive free cash flow over the third and fourth quarters as we finish out the year. I'll touch on that when we go through the outlook as well. In terms of liquidity, we finished the quarter with a total of about $610 million of overall liquidity. That includes our ABL availability, our cash availability and our AR facility. Let me briefly update our outlook for 2011. As you all are familiar, we have been guiding to rate performance for the year of 5% or more. And as I said earlier, we still feel very comfortable that we will be able to achieve the 5% or more for the full year, even though the comps get more challenging in the second half, given the increases that we saw in rental rate during the second half of last year. On time utilization, the year has been very robust and we are therefore raising our expectation. Year-over-year, we expect time utilization to be up 2.5 percentage points, compared to our previous target of up 1 percentage point. On a CapEx basis, we now expect to spend about $650 million of gross rental CapEx, that's up $25 million versus our prior guidance. We also have raised our expectations of net rental CapEx for the year to the range of $450 million to $500 million. Again, up $25 million.  Even with this increased spend, however, we still expect to be free cash flow positive. We're now saying between $5 million and $10 million of positive free cash flow for the year and as always, we'll continue to look to drive that even more positive given the opportunity. In terms of our flow-through outlook for the year, we are revising our view of where flow-through for the year will come in. From 65% to 70% previously, we now see it at 62% to 67% for the full year, and again that's adjusted EBITDA to total revenue as a flow-through measure. The decline of 3 percentage points reflects the impact of the acquisitions. You can all do the math, you can see when you add acquisitions, you add 100% of the revenue but you only add EBITDA at their margin not at their normal flow through, and that's the impact that we're anticipating and leading us to decline, to reduce the range of expected flow-through for the year. I'll stop there and open up the call for Q&A. But before we do, I just like to offer my view, which echoes the view that Mike espoused. This was a strong quarter for us in so many ways. We're very pleased to be able to deliver the rate that we did in the quarter, 6.1% increase. We're very pleased with the level of time utilization on the fleet that we've been able to achieve, it's very robust, that in the face of an increased fleet size. And we're also pleased at the margin expansion that we've been able to deliver, 300 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion in the quarter. So that's a great starting point to finish out the year.  Why don't we stop here and ask for your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: A couple of questions and I think you touched on this before. Obviously, you had pretty strong growth for rental revenues. Obviously, you talked about the weak macro environment. And I guess the question that we, as analysts get consistently, is where is the growth coming from? So perhaps if you can touch on that a bit. And then I have 2 more follow-ups, please.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Basically, when we talk to a lot of our customers, obviously, given the uncertainty in the marketplace, coupled with the fact that the credit markets are still very tight, particularly for lower tier type of clients, they're going to be prone to renting. You talk to them, we see it in our new account activity and then we see our current customers, we're focusing on rental. Given the fact that a lot of the jobs they have are various jobs that they wouldn't otherwise would have not been bidding on. So the need to have the depth of equipment is going to be very important for them. That, along with our strategy of focusing on the customers, of making sure that we earn their worthiness to rent from us, through our service, is very important. So I look at it as a 3-pronged approach. It's our strategy with our go-to-market with single point of contact, focusing on the customer with that one-on-one relationship and following the customer with our customer service and the uncertainty and the tight credit markets. And keep in mind, Manish, as you know, during the downturn, a lot of companies, not only the large public companies but a lot of companies de-fleeted and they don't have the ability to fleet up because of the credit market. So I think a combination of all those things are playing true to the industry today.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: Okay, wonderful. My second question touches on the Rouse information package that you have been receiving and I was hoping that perhaps if you can offer some high-level comment on how you stack up vis--vis some of the participants in the study and where do you see the opportunities for the company?
Michael Kneeland: Well, it's a newly formed metric program that they put forward. Rouse puts them out there, the key metrics things like rates, age, dollar utilization, time utilization and they are working very closely with ARA. As you know, we're supporters of ARA, coming out with a set of industry standards so that we can all look at the world at the same way, for the investors. That's why I said we get this confidence on our rental rates but that we're not growing our time utilization at the sacrifice of rate. That I can say with confidence based on the data that they're supplying to us.
William Plummer: We're well-positioned, Manish, in almost every one of those measures, relative to the competitors that are included in the survey. So we feel pretty good. Obviously, there's always room to improve but for the markets that we seen out of Rouse, whether it's dollar utilization, time, whatever measure, we are at or near the top in the reports that we've seen.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: Got you. And then just lastly, obviously, we're week 3 into July, can you just give us some initial impressions of how July has faired?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I would just tell you that, again, we took up our guidance on a time utilization. So it's safe to say that we continue to see that level of activity go forward in July, and as well as a rate improvement -- sequential rate improvement, month-over-month.
William Plummer: I've been using the word robust so I think that, that gives you a sense whether it's rate or time, there's a pretty strong start to July.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: Okay, so the best is yet to come?
William Plummer: I didn't say that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Michael, we have rising engine regulations for under 150-horsepower construction equipment coming next year, I'm wondering if you can talk about what proportion of your fleet will benefit from rising replacement costs as a result? And what's the extent of replacement cost increases do you see for those product lines, based on your conversations with OEMs?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's great. And for everyone on the call today, as Jerry's alluding to is called the Tier 4 and that's 75 to 175 horsepower which is required in 2012. And the manufacturers have been struggling and working diligently to reengineer their products, to get those things ready for the demand that we will all be looking for next year. As far as the company is concerned, the way we look at it, and we've analyzed it, our fleet team does a lot of work on this, dividing out the different types of engines and requirements that are needed. Right here, now today, about 3% to 5% of our total units, or about 10% to 15% of our total fleet would fit in that category. Now you're not going to replace that all in one year and keep in mind on the larger products, the engine is a small portion of the total piece of equipment. So when we look at what the cost impact could be next year, it's not going to be a significant number as we reported this year. I mean, I think our prices were flat to up 1%. I think what we would see next year are blended increase in the low-single digits, given the fact that it's small percentage of our total fleet.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just a clarification question in terms of the 2013 piece, can you tell us the proportion of your fleet that will be impacted at that point? I believe it's all under 75 horsepower at that point?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's correct. That actually fits the whole bucket. Anything over 75 horsepower fits in that complete tier I just talked to you about.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And 2013 will be under 75 though, do you know what horsepower of your fleet?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, it goes to 25 to 75. We've been working diligently for several years on the lower class assets. So again, we don't see it going up significantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli: My first question is regard to the free cash flow guidance, you guys clearly I think made a point of keeping it to $5 million to $10 million positive. Does that underscore management's commitment to stay free cash flow positive this year?
William Plummer: It does, Phil. It's Bill here. We view that as a good disciplined mechanism for ourselves to make sure that we're using our fleet as effectively -- our existing fleet, as effectively as possible. And so it's sort of arbitrary but it is a good disciplined mechanism for us as we go through the year. Now that's not to say that we're religious about it. I think I may have said this on a previous call. If we see very strong opportunities with important key customers, that prompt us to say, this is the business that we want for the long haul. We might dip into free cash flow negative for the right set of reasons but we're being very, very conscious about when we might decide to do that. And the statement of staying $5 million to $10 million of free cash flow positive is a statement that as we look at things right now, we think that's the right place to be.
Philip Volpicelli: Great, understood. And then just on the volume and the rate question, was there any change in mix or was there any discounting of delivery costs or fees?
Michael Kneeland: The delivery is not part of that rate calculation.
William Plummer: Yes, I'm not quite sure I heard your question. So was it that was there a change in mix in the second quarter?
Philip Volpicelli: Yes, what I'm trying to do Bill is that when I look at volumes being up 13.8% and revenue being up 16% and change, with rates being up 6.1%, there's obviously some give up there. And I'm wondering if that's mix or if it's just the way you, guys, talk about rates versus the way I might calculate what I call yield?
William Plummer: Okay, I got you. So it's clearly a mix impact. We have shifted more of our revenue to monthly rates this year, compared to second quarter last year. The monthly mix this year is up about 320 basis points higher as a share of our total revenue than it was last year. And as you know, because of the pricing structure of the industry, the average daily revenue that you achieve from a monthly rental is less than if you rented it on a daily rate basis, or weekly rate basis. So that's a phenomenon, that's clearly playing through our revenue performance. We knew it was coming, right? It was an exclusive part of our strategy, as a matter of fact. We pursued the national and large regional accounts because they rent more and they rent for a longer period of time. And it offers the opportunity to serve them at a lower cost point. So it was exclusively part of the strategy we've been pursuing. We certainly saw it in the second quarter and it had an impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: This is somewhat a follow-up to Phil's question. I was just curious. I noticed that beginning last quarter you stoped reporting dollar utilization on the full fleet. I see it by type of fleet, do you have that number and/or was there a reason for not including that any longer?
Michael Kneeland: The dollar utilization for the fleet was 49.9%.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you. And just one other housekeeping item, what is the OEC on a out-to-the-million number?
William Plummer: I'm sorry, Emily, say that again?
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: I'm just looking at what the OEC dollar amount is out past the 4.18, do you have what the next decimal point?
William Plummer: Okay. This is where Chris Brown gets his cameo appearance. Go, Chris.
Christopher Brown: 4.175, Emily.
William Plummer: Well, done.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you. And then one other -- thank you, Chris. One other housekeeping item, you did highlight the fact that you are looking at hitting the $1 billion mark on EBITDA in the near term, and I want to get a sense from you, is that something that you think you're going to be running -- hitting on a run rate by year end, or is that next year's business, what sort of the time frame associated with that?
Michael Kneeland: Emily, in the investor presentation, we put together a bridge on our EBITDA to get over at or above $1 billion over the next 2 to 3 years. Again, as I mentioned, that's our near-term goal and we clearly see our focus on our way there. And we look at the second quarter as a step in the right direction.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. And then if I could just one more quick question. Bill, thank you for the comments around the used equipment sales margins and what the trends are we should expect to see in the second half. It looks like your year-over-year gains in 2Q are less than in 1Q, should we just assume that, that will continue to compress in the back half of this year, around gross profit margin?
William Plummer: Yes, that's a fair assumption, Emily. It'll obviously vary with how much of the vendor sales that we do in the third quarter versus fourth quarter. But that it's fair to assume that the trend will decline.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: But you are still looking for gains, right?
William Plummer: I'm sorry, say that again?
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: You are still looking to be up year-over-year for gross profit margin expansion, right?
William Plummer: For margin expansion, we haven't guided to the full year margin performance. I will say that the full year margin for used sales will be lower than what we've seen in the first half, but we haven't gotten more specific than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Quick question. I think your message on how to think about incrementals is very clear, so appreciate that. What I was hoping you might be able to speak to is at least thinking about the third quarter and fourth quarter, how should we think about the interplay, we call it rates and costs, which will face various comps and I know you don't give explicit margin guidance but at least maybe some framework to think about how those 2 forces will counterbalance over the next couple of quarters?
William Plummer: So Ted, I'll take a shot at it but please, if I don't address your question, ask it again a different way. As we look at -- maybe I'll frame it in terms of our flow-through performance, given that we gave an outlook there. As we look at flow-through, the impact of having relatively more of your year-over-year rate being generated by time utilization versus rate is to depress your flow-through, right? Because time brings along the variable costs associated with getting the equipment out on rent. That's quite honestly one of the phenomenons that we dealt with in the second quarter. And the strong time utilization performance that we had and while rate was strong, time was more of a surprise to the upside, if you will, and it tended to depress the realization of flow-through in the second quarter. That phenomenon could continue in the third and fourth quarter if time continues to be very strong, relative to rate. So that's one of the things that we think about in terms of judging the interplay of rate and time as it impacts flow-through. And all of these is excluding the impact of acquisitions. So in the third quarter, we could see -- you saw in the second quarter here, our flow-through of adjusted EBITDA was only about 58%. In the third quarter, you could see something like that again, where the flow-through is a little less than the overall range we've given of 62% to 67%. But we think that it will -- we'll make up for that in the fourth quarter, and we'll certainly continue to drive for all of the flow-through that we can. But one other thing, if I could, on the second half as it relates to flow-through performance, we know that we've got some events coming in the second half that are going to help us. In particular, in the fourth quarter, we know that last year, we took the $18 million self-insurance reserve adjustment in the fourth quarter. That's not going to repeat this year. We feel very confident that, that was an unusual set of items in our self-insurance activities. So there is an $18 million benefit in the fourth quarter that will help flow-through significantly in that quarter. So you have to think about those specific items as you think about flow-through.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: So that's actually very helpful. And I guess and I know you don't give specific quarterly guidance on pricing but should we think about pricing at least as offsetting or counterbalancing some portion of that incremental costs realized in higher time utilization? Or is it going to be more neutral impact?
William Plummer: So it all depends on what kind of rate you're able to realize, whether it offsets the incremental. I'm not saying that incremental time utilization is a bad thing, please, don't take that away. It's a very good thing. It's just as it relates to the flow-through calculation, if you get your revenue from time instead of rate, then you're going to get less flow-through than if you got it the other way around. That's all I'm trying to say.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just going back to the pull-through discussion, I guess I also appreciate the color there in the acquisitions. Given just your last comment about having this tailwind from not the fourth quarter is going to have the easier comp because the insurance settlement last year or the insurance expense last year. I mean, what can we think about as sort of the normalized pull-through for next year? I mean is 2012, is that still a 65% to 70% number that we should be thinking about for next year?
William Plummer: Yes. Seth, I'd rather not get into 2012. We'll update as we get a little closer, get through our planning process and have a better sense of where we're going to fall on certain key decisions like the amount of fleet spend, for example. So because that number is so sensitive to different decisions, let's leave it until we get into 2012 in more detail.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. To ask then I guess a question on pricing. Maybe how would you characterize the health of kind of the other 70% of the market that's outside of top 10, I mean, are they distressed? I guess I'm trying to understand, is there a ceiling on how high you can raise prices? I mean, you already alluded to sort of some margin pressure at your customers. I mean, if the 70% of the other rental guys are not doing very well, what's to prevent them from just getting more aggressive on pricing and so I'm just trying to understand how high you feel like you could push pricing here?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. Obviously, we have a goal that we want to climb back in our bridge and then we want to get back 10 to 11 points from the bottom of '10 at a minimum. And we're not going to stop there, by the way. To talk about the market, my sense is everyone is going to see rate improvements. This is an industry that definitely has to go over it's cost of capital that it's going to be necessary to sustain itself over time. So my sense is that everyone will start to benefit from the rates and the demand that they're seeing in the marketplace, whether people get aggressive, depends upon their strategy. There are some pockets where there's some areas of the country aren't doing as well as other areas. Are they being more competitive, absolutely, but there's areas like Canada that are expanding nicely. So I think in general, in order for people to expand their fleets, they're going to have to be able to show that they can have the ability to pay back their loans over time. And so I think the trend will be towards better improvement in rates.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, thank you. And then I guess if I could just one quick follow-up. Is there a fleet OEC number that we should be thinking about target for the end of the year?
William Plummer: Well, we haven't given an explicit number. I think it's fair to say that if you use -- you can back into it fairly closely, Seth, if you use something like 48% of OEC as the used sales activity where we'll end up on used sales activity. So that will tell you how to translate proceeds into OEC and then we've given you the gross CapEx and that will tell you the used OEC sold and you can back in to a number from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Chang from Crdit Suisse.
Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG: Given that we're almost at a 5% increase in utilization if we average Q1 and Q2 and Bill's comments that so far July has been robust, is the reason why your target of utilization growth being only 2.5% higher, is that because of tougher comps, because you're growing your fleet? Or should we be expecting some significant seasonal fall-off in Q4 versus Q4 of last year?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think you just hit -- all of the items, I would tell you, yes, we're going to tighter comps. Two, there is typically a seasonal. We don't know what the winter will bring to us and whether it will come sooner or later. But it's really going to be based on customer demand out there, and we know we brought it up for full year, 2.5%. Could it be another 0.5 point? Possibly. But we are bringing more fleet in and we'll update everybody as we go through the third quarter. So we'll have better visibility into the fourth.
William Plummer: Yes, just to remind you, last year, third quarter, our utilization was 71.3%. Fourth quarter, it was 69.3%. So those were, as we pointed out, records for those quarters in the history of the company. And we're just mindful that we are comping against records last year, along with the other factors that Mike mentioned.
Peter Chang - Crdit Suisse AG: Great. Thank you, that's helpful. And then I just had a question on Slide 13 of your presentation deck, it looks like in May, strategic accounts growth spiked up to 40% year-over-year and I just wanted to know if there was any sort of large one-off project that contributed to that or just anything unusual?
Michael Kneeland: No, nothing is really unusual. I mean, it's really -- those are going after individual accounts across North America. And we're tracking them on a daily basis through our sales efforts, and following the customer. As I mentioned before, even with our National Accounts, and our share of wallet increased nicely, significantly on a year-over-year basis. So we're earning more share of their wallet and those are the things that we track.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wells from Thompson Research.
David Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: First off, looking at the rental rate guidance for the full year, here we are, I guess, kind of half way through and you've raised time utilization. You're already on a year-to-date basis over the guidance. So I guess I'm trying to understand, what is it that may be lurking in the second half of the year that gives you more pause for concern, that would make you hesitate from raising that 5% number for the rest of the year here?
William Plummer: So I wouldn't say that there's anything that gives us concern about the second half. We are mindful of the fact that the second half last year, in addition to being strong utilization environment, was a strong rate environment for us. We had rates marching up continuously through the second half last year and so the comps do get tougher just as a matter of history. So that's what we're thinking about. We know that we've got to continue to manage rate higher in the third and fourth quarter in order to preserve that 5.2% that we got year-to-date. And we're confident that we can do that. The question becomes, how much more than that can you do? We feel good about the environment. Could it be better? As Mike said, yes, it could be better but it's hard to say right here and now that we want to put a lot more, especially for the full year, right? Because you got to drag the average that you've already achieved higher if you're going to raise the full year average outlook. So we're being what we think of us as observant of what the market is today and how we'd have to perform compared to last year in order to raise that rate outlook anymore than where it is.
David Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: That's helpful. And then to your point earlier in the call about seeing some additional re-rent expense, if you could walk us through the thoughts around using re-rent versus just doing more CapEx, and was this kind of a go one-off-type instance, or your thoughts around that will be helpful to?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, David. It's Mike. I've been in the industry for 33 years and the term re-rent has been around for many, many years and just not everybody uses it. The reason why you do re-rent are really 2 reasons. One of which is if you have an immediate need, you determine whether it's prudent to have that machine hold in from wherever it may be, look at what the cost is and how long you're going to need it and then you make a business decision. When we take about the re-rent and when we look at the large percentage of their re-rents that occurred in the second quarter, it was really because what we're doing is performing more services for our current customers. We're renting assets that they're asking us to supply for them that we typically don't carry. And in fact, as some of our customers, as part of our agreement, we have to supply things that we don't carry. For an example, we don't carry cranes with the exception of the acquisition that we had up in Canada. So if we need a crane as part of our contract, we'll get a third party to get in there and then we'll go for it. So that's the reason. Actually, I look at it as a positive because our customers are relying on us to do more for them as part of their services.
David Wells - Thompson Research Group, LLC.: That's helpful, I appreciate your thoughts around that. And then lastly, if you look at the kind of percentages of wallet that you gave earlier on the call being at 53% for your larger accounts, how much higher do you think that, that number can go? And then ultimately, I would assume that most of these folks are going to want to have at least a couple of suppliers, just to make sure they are optimizing their pricing. Do you read the situation then where to continue to grow those businesses, we ultimately have to see some in-market growth return to the construction market?
Michael Kneeland: Well, obviously, you're going to have to -- to answer your question, we're going to see some end-market growth. At some point it will come. It's not going to be held down forever. And even when I said that the ABI Index is showing some choppiness, it has improved year-over-year. It's just still disappointing that it doesn't have consistent growth at 50 or above. That being said, with our share of wallet at 53%, that's a great percentage. Not done yet, do I expect to have 100%? No, not at all. We want to earn the lion's share of our business and that is going to be based on customer-by-customer. In some instances, we may be as high as 70%, 75% of their business. And we fully understand that there are some products that we don't carry and there are some products that they will want to have as a backup, fully understand that. I'm very pleased with the results that the team has put together. It really shows that our services, our customer service and our model is proving true.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Could you talk a little bit about the timing of used equipment sales in the third and fourth quarter? Just philosophically, would you hold equipment for selling late in the year to maximize the fleet available in the peak third quarter?
William Plummer: Yes, Henry, that's a very common way to approach it. It's one that make sense. You would want -- we're getting a lot of feedback on the call here. You would want to hold the equipment through the peak season, if you can. And then get rid of it when it normally would be coming off rent anyway. So if this year will be back-end loaded, as many years are, back-end loaded in our used sales activity to reflect that.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. On M&A, you made a few acquisitions so far this year. Could you talk about your latest thoughts there. Are there still areas of interest or would you prefer to integrate the existing deals?
Michael Kneeland: Henry, this is Mike. Yes, obviously, we're going to integrate those. In fact, GulfStar is already been integrated. And we're in the final stages of integrating the Venetor because it's a much larger acquisition. We're always looking for things that strategically fit with the company. And as we've always said -- a lot of feedback here on the call here so I apologize if it's going through to everybody. But basically, when we look at this acquisitions, strategically, they have to fit with the company, they have to be a cultural fit and they also have to have an incremental margin improvement to the company, internal rate of return that's positive. And those are the 3 key areas. The level of activity continues to grow and we see opportunities, and some we passed on and some we find of interest. So we'll continue to focus on those but the key area to think about is it has to be strategic.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Mike, earlier in the call, you talked about URID coupling to a certain extent from what your end markets might do. I realize that you don't want to get too specific on next year, but with the ABI softening again this morning to 46, should non-res be flattish or slightly down again in 2012? Is it reasonable to think that rates and fleet size could increase again next year? Even if you talk directionally about the possible impact on fleet size and pricing in a challenging non-res environment, I think that would be helpful.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Joe. I mean, look, anything is possible, right? And as Bill mentioned, we'll have a better picture as we go through into the fourth quarter of what 2013 will look like. So it's a little too early to tell. Having said that, what would be the components that would fall into that? The credit market being choppy, the uneasiness, the uncertainty, I think we'll still be continued drivers for people wanting to rent as opposed to owning. There are pockets where we are seeing improvements, particularly, with power. We talked about, and we've talked about this privately with a lot of you, about the frac-ing industry and how that is exploded. And so there's going to be opportunities like that to continue. We also are penetrating new markets. I mean, the industrial market's a growth opportunity for us. And we continue to see a lot of runway there. So yes, I think next year, it's always a possibility. As I stated in my release and on the opening comments of the call, we clearly see that we're marching towards the $1 billion of EBITDA and improved margins. So we'll have to stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: I guess on Venetor and accretion with regard on the impact of dilution in this quarter on the incremental EBITDA margin. Basically since you took that guidance down by that 3 percentage points, should we expect that, that maybe conservative as I would guess that integrates over the second half and maybe what we saw in the second quarter improves? Am I thinking about that the right way?
William Plummer: Well, we certainly will love to take more synergies out of Venetor and GulfStar as we proceed with the integration and to the extent that we do that, it could be better than the full year guidance. The full year result could be better than the guidance range that we've given. If you look within the quarters, it's a harder thing to judge, right? I think we've said before, flow-through will vary from quarter-to-quarter, and so it's harder to say what the impact of Venetor or GulfStar might be on flow-through overall in the third quarter. As we sit here today, flow-through in the third quarter could be a touch lower again than the range that we've given for the full year. It's hard to say because that flow-through calculation is so sensitive. Our year-over-year total revenue increase in the second quarter, for example, was what, $72 million. In order to impact flow-through by a point, that's only $700,000 worth of change in expense. That's not a lot of money. So that's the kind of variation that we're trying to manage through and that's why we're reluctant to give more specific guidance on a quarterly basis on a measure like flow-through. But for the full year, we feel like we've got leverage that we can pull to make it happen at the 62% to 67% range that we're talking about.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, thanks. Just a couple more. With regard to the second half pricing, someone asked earlier why not upside, actually when we get asked, hey, the comps were easier in the first and I know and we've actually seen it month-over-month building sequentially through the year. Could one of you guys just restress, maybe what would give you the most pause why that could be at risk and then to dispel that?
William Plummer: Really, it's just -- I don't know what you put it down to maybe it's nervousness on the part our CFO but these are pretty heady rate moves and it's hard to write down on a piece of paper that I expect to see year-over-year rate increases at 7-plus percent like we have in the month of June. So I'll take a little bit of the heat for maybe not being able as aggressive on rate as some other people could be but it's something that we're being very conscious of. The other thing I'd point out is that we want to make sure that the rate that we realized out of the market is supported by the services that we offer to our clients, it's supported by the fleet we have available for them and it's supported by the whole strategy behind operation United. And as we get assurance on our ability to serve, we have no hesitation about pushing rate. We just want to make sure we're doing it in the context of our strategy.
Michael Kneeland: Scott, I'll also say that you got probably in contacts, you go back to the beginning of the year, we're the ones who basically said 5%, at least 5% this year and we stuck our neck out to do that. And the team has delivered on that and we're not done. If we can get more, you can bank on it that we're going to go out and find it. So we'll continue to focus, and rate is the biggest driver of profitability in our industry.
Operator: Thank you. And due to time constraints, this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Michael Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, thanks, operator. I just want to -- I'll just wrap up this call by saying thank you for joining us today but more importantly, I wanted you to take a look at the bigger picture. The way I look at it, that was a strong quarter. We had time utilization up, 3.6 percentage points at fifth consecutive quarter. We have rates up 6.1%, with the fleet on average up 8% for the quarter. And on top of all that, we had margin expansion of 3 points. I clearly see how this company is transforming itself. And we're not done, we have more work to do. And I look forward to talking to all of you on our third quarter call. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP David Wells - Avondale Partners Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter Investor Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments by presenters and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected.  A summary of those uncertainties is indicated in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that today's call will be including references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking for today's United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. On the call with me today is our CFO, Bill Plummer and other members of our senior management team. And as you know from prior calls, the context of our financial performance is our ongoing transformation of the company. Today is about -- a start of a new financial year but at the same time, our discussion is very much about the continued deployment of our strategy. That strategy has guided us through the intense economic challenges and as you know, it helped us turn the corner ahead of our industry and markets late last year. And we've been able to build on that momentum in the first quarter performance. And I wanted to discuss some of those metrics in terms of our strategy and then take a look at the drivers of our performance, both internally and externally. And then after that, Bill will discuss our financial results and then we'll go to Q&A. So let's get started. Three months ago, we looked at 2011 and we made a bold statement that set us apart from the rest of the industry. It was based on one word, it was outperform. And last night, we reported numbers that made good on that promise. In the quarter, with -- non-res construction was down, flat to down, year-over-year, we increased our rental revenue by 14.2%. We improved our time utilization 6.2 percentage points to a new first quarter record. We raised our rental rates by 4.2 percentage points year-over-year and drove gross margins higher on every major revenue stream. Now all these achievements were right in line with our internal projections. And while we reported a loss for the quarter, we realized $30 million more in adjusted EBITDA with 3.6 percentage point improvement in margin. Now bear in mind that not only were our end markets weaker during this period, the seasonal impact was unusually harsh in many regions. So we had all the negative pressure to contend with, and we still improved revenues in our core business by more than 14%. And we expect to build on that momentum as we move through the year. We did carry some more costs in the quarter as we expected we would, and Bill will give you more details on that in just a moment. But in broader strokes, our cost came in from several directions. First, we had a lot more equipment on rent and there's a variable cost to that. Remember, we had record time utilization for those 3 months. And then there's a seasonal cost to preparing for our busy season and we also reinstated some employee benefit plans that had been suspended during the recession. But with even all those factors in play, we grew our revenues faster than our costs in the quarter. We can still do better and we see more opportunities to push down on costs and we're still very focused on making that happen. Now, I want to spend a few minutes on rates and time utilization because it's such a critical balance in our business. The most obvious implications are revenue and profitability, but it doesn't stop there. The way we manage our capital, the way we protect our customer relationships and even the reputation of our brand is affected by thousands of fleet-related decisions our employees make every day. So yes, we're managing rates and utilization for the best financial balance. But we're also pushing back against the idea of equipment rental as a commodity and reinforcing the value of our services. The decisions we make today are really about long-term profitable growth. Now in the first quarter, as you know, we were able to substantially improve both utilization and rates, and that says more about how we are perceived by customers than it does about our operating environment. It's worth noting that in addition to a year-over-year rate increase, we also showed a small sequential increase from fourth quarter of 2010 to the first quarter of this year. And that's not typically the case. Even in strong economies, our quarterly sequential rate increase usually comes later in the year. Now some of our progress with rates is coming from core, our price optimization software and the market intelligence it provides to our sales force. We still have a lot of ground to makeup, but we're clearly moving in the right direction. As an example, in the month of March, we were able to raise core rates on our top revenue producing equipment market categories. And that includes aerial, which still had a negative year-over-year rates on monthly rentals 3 months ago. Now, monthly aerial rates have gone positive as well. So each time we move the needle it's a victory for us in this environment. And you bear in mind, as large as we are, we still only have about 9% market share in North America. And when you drill down the regions and districts and local supply and demand, which ultimately is where pricing happens, share is less of a factor. It's more about doing the right thing for our company, for our customers and for the industry overall, and our results show that we have taken a lead on this. The final thing I want to say on this subject is our strategic shift towards monthly transactions continues to impact both rates and utilization, and again, it's according to plan. And as I've mentioned before, multi-terms are a better fit for us and the per diem revenue is lower, but there's also fewer touches to the transaction. In addition, longer rentals tend to be associated with larger accounts, which is consistent with our customer segmentation strategy. In fact, year-over-year transaction count was actually down 1% in the quarter even though we grew our rental revenues by 14%. It's gratifying to see all segments of our customer space show sequentially, quarterly rate increases in the first quarter, and that included national, strategic and government accounts. So our people are definitely fighting for rate even as we shift towards monthly terms. Tools like the price optimization and the customer scorecard are giving our branches a newfound confidence in asking for rate. And the scorecard is another differentiator, it shows customers how well we are performing for them and makes it easier to establish value. So I'm very proud of the employees for the way they stepped up in the cycle. Right now, there's a fair amount of optimism in the air but not a lot of shovels in the dirt yet. But that hasn't kept us from executing our strategy, which is: to stay focused on our core business of equipment rental; to leverage our size to serve large construction and industrial accounts to a single point of contact; to achieve customer service leadership to Operation United and to continuously become more efficient and proficient in operating every area of the business. And that includes our specialty branches, Trench Safety, Power & HVAC, which are benefiting from more than just stimulus spending. The energy and industrial sectors are both driving growth in this business. In fact, Trench, Power & HVAC outpaced the growth of our general rental business in the quarter. And that's partly a factor of where we are in the cycle, but it also points to the value of these operations as part of our strategy. It gives us more of an advantage on large, long-term projects like the Motiva Refinery expansion in Texas and the TransCanada pipeline. Our specialty services get us in the door and often lead to general rental and aerial business down the road. So right now, we're planning to open at least 4 more locations this year. Looking at our landscape as a whole, 6 of our regions had double-digit growth in the quarter and 28 states and provinces showed rental revenue increases of at least 20%. California, which is as you know, has been struggling in recent years, was up a solid 10% in the quarter. And our Canadian business was up more than 35%. The Canadian market is very much in our radar in terms of growth plans as you saw from our recent purchase of Venetor. And even though this acquisition didn't close in the first quarter, I want to address it because I think it's in here for several reasons.  First, it expands our presence in Eastern Canada which is one of the most robust markets in North America today. Second, Venetor's customer base is about 30% industrial, which reflects our own target mix. And third, they have an excellent reputation for customer service and all 3 owners will be coming on board with us. We've always said that we would consider strategically and sound acquisitions with a positive internal rate of return and we're seeing that with Venetor. This is basically -- it's cash transaction for us and we're gaining about $108 million of OEC of fleet and the current revenue projection is about $40 million for the rest of 2011. So it's a deal that makes sense on many levels, and it's well within our comfort zone.  Now in addition to Canada, we also had strong revenue production in the Northwest, Southwest and Midwest regions, but the pace of the recovery is still very modest overall. For example, the Architectural Billing Index was flat at 50 in January, then it gained a little in February at 50.6 and March, which came in last night, was basically flat again at 50.5. So most of the forecasting services are showing total non-res construction down a couple of points for the full year of 2011, with a rebound in 2012. So we would expect to see more positive end market activity in the later part of this year. And we expect rental demand do far better, especially as credit remains tight. And in fact, there are plenty of opportunities for us right now both in terms of one-off large projects and broader trends that tie to our strategy.  For example, we're seeing more demand in industrial rentals, which we attribute to both market activity and market penetration. And from a segmentation standpoint, we've already proven our abilities to large customers who need more equipment as the recovery gains speed. And you can see this in our trends in our first quarter results. We had a 19% year-over-year increase in Rental revenue in our industrial account base. And a similar scenario with our National Accounts. National Accounts showed double-digit organic growth in the quarter and accounted for nearly 35% of our Rental revenue.  Our larger accounts like the ability to connect with us 24 hours a day through our customer care center. And in the first quarter, revenue booked through the center was up 37% versus last year. National Accounts were a big factor in these requests from these customers and they were up 24% for the quarter. I can point to any number of additional metrics all leading to the same conclusion. This company is strategically, financially and operationally on track, not only is the recovery unfolding as we expected, our performance is proceeding according to plan. And that's really exciting. I've been in the industry a long time and for me, nothing compares to seeing this strategy fall into place and start returning results. In the near term, we're comfortable with our outlook for at least 5 points of rate improvement and one point of time utilization for the full year of 2011. And if the construction environment accelerates, it's in our nature to do more. But even if the end markets turn out to be a little weaker than anticipated, we believe these goals are obtainable given our internal discipline.  And there's a lot of experience at the helm in United Rentals today and we have a handle on this cycle. The challenges have been intense, but we've worked hard to minimize the surprises. We haven't let our guard down for one minute during the depths of this recession, and we're just as vigilant now that the worst is behind us. So yes, it's a new year, but it's also a continuation of our transformation. Today, we are a stronger, more focused United Rentals and we're getting results.  So on that note, I'm going to pass it over to Bill who will review the first quarter numbers in detail and then we'll go to your Q&A and we can take your questions. So, over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. So as usual, I'll try to give you some more color along with a little bit more in the way of numbers on the quarter and then update the outlook as I go through. So first focusing on the Rental line of business, Mike mentioned the increase of 14.2% revenue, within that 4.2% improvement in year-over-year rental rate and just north of 5.5% of sequential improvement versus the fourth quarter. So the general statement we'd make is, as Mike said, we're comfortable with achieving the 5% plus of rate performance that we talked about for the full year. The first quarter positioned us well and certainly was consistent with our outlook on how rates would progress in the quarter. Within the quarter, Mike mentioned that monthly contracts turned positive. They were up 3.2% year-over-year, and again, that's very encouraging given how as we talked about in the past, monthly rates tend to lag daily and weekly rates. We continue to see nice progression in those daily and weekly rates and now monthly has joined the party. It's also worth noting that March alone, on a year-over-year basis was a particularly strong month. March rates were up 5.5% for the month only compared to last year. And so that's given us good momentum coming into the seasonally strong second quarter and we still feel good about how things are progressing to this point in April. Looking at volume and time utilization, our OEC on rent was up 13% year-over-year. And within that equipment type, earthmoving was up 18%, whereas aerial was up 6%. So earthmoving certainly is behaving the way that we hoped and expected and leading the charge. It's also encouraging to see that aerial demand has increased and we expect that to continue as well. Time utilization was up 6.2 percentage points. We finished the quarter at 62.4% utilized, which is another record for the company and its history for first quarters. And it represents the fourth consecutive quarterly record that we've seen in the last year. So all in all, a pretty encouraging top-line environment for the Rental line of business.  I'll move next to the used equipment experience we had in the quarter, which was again strong. We realized $32 million of proceeds in the first quarter, and while that's down a little bit from $35 million in proceeds last year, the margin performance was nothing short of spectacular. 43.8% gross margins on our used sales in the quarter, and that's a 12 percentage points, roughly, increase from last year. The main driver of that performance was channel mix. We continue to flow more of our sales through our retail channel, combine that with the fact that pricing in the market for used equipment overall continues to trend higher and we were able to realize about 85% of our sales this quarter through our retail channel. That compares to 74% in the retail channel last year. We also, given the demand, were able to use auctions less this year than we did last year. We only used about 5% of our proceeds through the auction channel this year. That compares to about 18% last year. I might also add that the margins we realized in the auction channel were very solid this year, relative to where they've been historically. So we realized about a 12% margin for all of the sales that we did through the auction channel in the quarter, and that's a very solid margin performance in the auction channel relative to where we've been historically. So let me move now to talk a little bit about the profitability of the company overall. First, starting with the Rental line of business. We had a rental flow-through in the quarter, that 14%, 14.2% Rental revenue increase flowed through to rental gross margin at about 59% in the Rental line of business. And we feel pretty good about the overall result. You look at the rental margins, they were up 5 -- over 5 percentage points compared to last year. So that was very encouraging and it demonstrates the operating leverage that we've been building into the business, in the Rental line of business, overall. And in fact, if you look at the total business, total revenues flowed through to EBITDA has come in where we expected it. We were 67% of total revenue flowing through to EBITDA in the quarter, that compares to the guidance that we've given for the full year of 65% to 70%. So the total revenue flow through to EBITDA is right in line with what we expect for the full year and that's a good start in the first quarter. As we look at the Rental line of business, we see some costs that we incurred in the quarter that we want to make sure that we remain focused on and manage tightly. As we looked through the year-over-year change in the cost of rent, x depreciation, it was $19 million higher this year than it was last year. Within that, there are clearly a lot of factors that were driven purely by volume. But there are some other factors that we want to make sure that we stay on top of.  So for example, of that $19 million, about $7 million of it was related to wage and benefit increases. We delve deeper into that increase to make sure there wasn't something going on that we needed to address. And I think we feel generally comfortable that the things that drove that increase were things that, quite honestly, it would be hard to do anything about or maybe we don't want to do anything about.  So, for example, of that $7 million year-over-year unfavorable, about $4 million of it was due to higher incentive comp, our profit sharing with the branches. That's good news because it represents higher performance overall. But it certainly contributes to a year-over-year cost unfavorability. Another couple of million of that $7 million of wage and benefit-related expense was just due to factors like state unemployment tax rates going up. States are looking for whatever revenues they can find this year. So as we look within that component of the year-over-year cost increase, we feel comfortable that we've got a good handle on how we're managing the wage and benefit-related costs of the company.  R&M was also a contributor to the year-over-year increase. About $8 million of the $19 million total was due to R&M, and within that $8 million, roughly half of it was due to higher volume. The other half, we attribute to some of the work that we've been doing to improve our preventive maintenance currency, to improve the OEC not available for the company and to make sure that our fleet's positioned for the upcoming season. You might say that we do that every year, but we've had a particular focus and a particular effort this year to make sure PM currency, OEC not available and the general condition of the fleet is ready for the busy season. So we feel good about the cost there, but we want to make sure that we're continuing to make good choices throughout. The remainder of the $19 million unfavorable total was scattered among a bunch of different items. So we had about $1 million of insurance unfavorability, that's representing nothing specific that we are concerned about. We had about just under $1 million of higher re-rent expense. That's associated with higher revenue up in the revenue line, so we're not overly concerned about that. We've had some timing differences that have flowed through that number. So we feel like we've got the right focus on maintaining the cost performance and we'll continue to update you on how we're doing it as we go through the year. But as it flows through to GP and to EBITDA, as that revenue increase flows through to those lines, we feel good about where we are. Looking at our EBITDA performance, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 26% to $145 million in the quarter. That's a $30 million improvement and again, it reflects the overall operating leverage that we've been building into the business. It was a margin of 27.7% and that's an increase of 360 basis points over last year. Again, nice impact from the operating leverage. Looking at EPS, on a GAAP basis, we reported an EPS loss of $0.34 for the quarter. Adjusted, taking out the impact of restructuring and equity compensation, was $0.32, and that compares favorably to the adjusted from last year of $0.57 loss. I thinks it's also worth pointing out that our tax rate for the quarter, in the last quarter, was a significant impact. Our tax rate came in lower than what we've got into earlier in the year. It was about 26% on a rounded basis in the quarter. There were some discrete items in the quarter that actually drove that rate down a little bit more than it otherwise would have been but even the underlying operating rate was low. As we look at the full year, we are now saying that we should be using a tax rate in something like 30%, about 30%. My treasurer keeps telling me, same low-30s, but it's about 30%. Looking at our fleet management activities, we continue to be focused on making sure that we've managed the fleet effectively. In the way of transfers, we continue to transfer a lot. $1.3 billion in the quarter, about 1/3 of our fleet overall moves around during the quarter from branch to branch. And again, we believe we're getting good efficiency improvements from making optimal use of the fleet by moving it where the demand is. In terms of our spend on the CapEx or on the fleet this quarter, rental CapEx was $115 million on a gross basis and it was $83 million on a net basis. That compares to only $49 million last year of gross and about a $14 million net in the quarter last year. The CapEx spend was focused on the usual suspects, with a little bit more in booms and lifts and scissor lifts this quarter than we have in the last few quarters, but it's responding to some of the used sales activity that we had that we needed to replace. We also continue to focus our spend on the key customers. Over half of our spend in the quarter was for our key accounts, and again, that's consistent with the philosophy that we've been pursuing of making sure we're supporting the relationships, supporting the strategy with our capital spend. Overall, we can reaffirm our overall gross capital and net capital spend for the year. We had given an outlook of $625 million gross, we still feel comfortable with that number. We had given an outlook on the range for net CapEx between $425 million and $475 million and we feel comfortable with that level of capital spend as well. Looking at free cash flow and liquidity overall, first free cash flow, came in at $70 million for the quarter, $70 million for the quarter. That is down from $99 million of free cash flow last year, but I'll remind you that the first quarter of last year, free cash flow included a $55 million federal tax refund that didn't repeat this year. Overall, cash from operations was strong. We had a positive year-over-year contribution from working capital, in particular, on accounts payable. Our liquidity position continues to be strong as well. We ended the quarter with roughly $840 million of total liquidity. And again, we feel that, that's a very important feature for us as we manage our business going forward. So those are the key comments I wanted to make, maybe I'll end by just reemphasizing the outlook for 2011, just to have it all in one place. We reaffirmed in the press release that our rental rate expectations are to deliver at least 5% rental rate for the year and we believe the first quarter was entirely consistent with achieving that. We also reaffirmed that we expect time utilization to be up about a percentage point for the entire year. First quarter was exceptionally strong and so we overachieved -- maybe overachieved a little bit there, but that being said as Mike mentioned, we want to make sure we're making the right decisions around balancing rate and time. And then as we move into the second and third quarters, I think we would be comfortable in saying we expect that year-over-year rate changes to be strong and perhaps widen a little bit to get us to the 5% overall for the year. But we do expect that the utilization trends will tighten somewhat as we go through the year, just given the fact that our utilization got so much stronger in the latter part of last year.  On CapEx, I just mentioned that we're comfortable with the $625 million of gross spend and between $425 million and $475 million of net spend continuing to target that. Free cash flow, we expect to be positive as well, and again, we will reaffirm the previous guidance of $10 million to $15 million for the year. And on profitability, I mentioned the flow-through expectations, no change there either. Between 55% and 70% flow through of total revenue to EBITDA over the entire year. I'll stop there and we can address any other issues that you're interested in, in the Q&A. So I'll ask the operator now to open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ted Grace from Susquehanna.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: First question I was hoping to run by you is on the margin side, and Bill that was very helpful for you to kind of run through some of those variable issues on the rental side. I guess, 2 things I was hoping to ask would be, on the SG&A side, you know, if you back out the $4 million non-recurring in 2010, it was up about 6% versus 10% growth in sales. Was there anything notable in SG&A or elsewhere? And then just going forward, as we think about the remainder of 2011, are there more crosscurrents we should just start calibrating ourselves for?
William Plummer: So in SG&A, I guess the only other thing that I would point out is that the incentive comment I made about cost of rent, repeats in SG&A as well, since incentive comp is part of what remains after you strip out that non-recurring from last year. Outside of that, there are the normal puts and takes within SG&A, I would point out that obviously the higher revenue is driving higher commissions. But as a percent of revenue overall, the selling cost is not dramatically different this year versus last year. But we're pleased generally with the SG&A performance, excluding that one-time item last year. But as is always the case, we're looking for opportunities to drive it even lower. As you look down the road, a couple of key things to point out that might be coming, and this relates both to cost of rent and SG&A. I'll remind everyone that we haven't had merit increases for the last couple of years. We will reinstate our merit increases beginning in the second quarter. We expect that impact to be somewhere in the area of $8 million year-over-year for the remainder of this year. It's about $6 million in cost of rent, another $2 million in SG&A. And that represents a little bit of a headwind that we know is coming down the pipe. We also reinstated the prior caps to our 401(k) program. That's a much smaller impact that we actually experienced in the first quarter, but that will continue throughout the remainder of this year. So that's another kind of a recurring expense item. It was only $300,000 or so in the cost of rent. I forget what the number is in SG&A, even though it's a fairly small number. So it's not a major issue, but it's something that I at least wanted to mention. And then as we looked at some of the incremental expense and repair and maintenance expense that I talked about in cost of rent earlier, that extra $4 million that's beyond volume, one of the challenges that we want to make sure that we're looking at is, are we making the right decisions and are we spending the right amount of money and was the sort of a onetime event in the first quarter or is a portion of that going to recur? And I think it's hard to put your finger on exactly how much will be recurring and how much will be one-time, but of that $4 million adverse, clearly there's a portion that's related to our fleet just being a little bit older. We talked about each month of fleet age held over an entire year being worth about $2 million, $2.5 million. Well, there was 4 month difference year-over-year in the first quarter of fleet age. So if you just used that simple metric, that might say that we had an extra couple of million bucks worth of repair and maintenance expense in the first quarter, associated just with the fleet age being a little bit older. Will that recur as we go through the year? Part of it will. But the delta, the year-over-year difference in fleet age in second, third and fourth quarter will be less than it was in the first quarter. So the recurring amount will go down in each quarter as we go through the year. So those are the things that I would point to as items to think about recurring as they go through the year, and I'd be glad to talk about more if that didn't address your question, Ted.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: That was helpful. Was there a meaningful change in headcount in the quarter? If you look at the end of fourth quarter, I think you said 7,000 employees versus 8,300 at the fourth quarter of 2010. I was wondering if that moved up 1Q versus 1Q and then the impact of diesel costs that you would have absorbed.
William Plummer: Yes sir, so on headcount -- I'm scrambling madly to find it on my list here. We've got it. For the average employees, we're down roughly 475 year-over-year -- yes, for the average during the quarter. So clearly, continuing that trend of being more efficient in supporting the operations with a lesser headcount.
Michael Kneeland: Ted, I was going to mention, just on that note, when you look at the rental revenue per head of which is a metric I keenly watch, it was just under $20,000 per head, around $19,900 and change, which was a 22% improvement on a year-over-year basis. So again, we're very cognizant of watching our costs.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Yes, that's great. And then just the last thing and I'll hand it over to somebody else. On the diesel side, can you help us understand how that impacted the quarter or how we should think about the amount of diesel you consume in a year and just calibrate our expectations that way?
William Plummer: So in the quarter -- we have a diesel hedging program in place, Ted. And for the quarter, about 40% of our exposure was hedged. In subsequent quarters, that number is going to be higher. We put on some more hedges. So we're about 70% hedged for our diesel need over the remaining quarters of this year. We haven't historically talked about the specific numbers attached to the amount of diesel that we consume or the dollars associated with it. So I won't offer any new information on that, just here and now. I don't think that there was a major impact to the quarter overall from higher diesel but clearly, it was a headwind for us.
Ted Grace - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Is there anything last year from a seasonality perspective that you think should be different this year, just thinking about how to model the year -- the rest of the year coming up?
William Plummer: Henry, it's Bill. I'll try that first, Mike, if you don't mind. There's nothing prominent that I think about here that's going to be different this year going forward. We talked a little bit about sort of the -- Mike, mentioned a harsh winter environment in the first quarter, but it was a harsh winter first quarter last year, too. So that first quarter, I don't think was a major difference and as we look forward, I'm not seeing anything that I would say would result in a significant change in the seasonal pattern. Anything to add?
Michael Kneeland: No, I would say I think he's right on, Henry. The way you look at -- if you look at it over time, you can see the sequential improvements we have from first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter and then back down into the first quarter. The seasonal impact is there and the reason we mentioned that is that it's part of our overall business, and we have the broadest footprint and therefore we have probably a higher fluctuation than others.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And versus your own model, as you looked out at the first quarter a couple months ago, what areas, either geographically or by end market, came in a little better or worse than you expected?
Michael Kneeland: That's a great question because we expected Canada to do strong -- to be honest with you, if I was sitting here saying 35% in the plan process, we probably would have thought a little bit differently around it. We knew it was going to come in strong, we just didn't know it's going to come in that strong. The other thing is, as we've mentioned, particularly around states, when you take a look at California at 10% -- again, we suffered with California for several years and there's nothing dramatic that has changed other than the fact that we took a lot of locations out. But to see that part of the country come back online, we take that as a positive. And conversely if you take a look at Florida, Florida was up again strong single digits. And of those 2 areas of the country which have been particularly hard-hit with this economy, we took a lot of -- it gives us a lot of confidence in how things are playing out. So those are kind of the bookends. I would also say that the Midwest also, given the impact it's had over the last several years, we knew once the big 3 got back online and started to think about producing cars, it has a profound effect throughout the economy. So the Midwest had a very nice pickup for us as well.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And one final one and I'll pass it this time -- I think Bill mentioned that one of the reasons for the higher used equipment margins, sales margins, was that you sold more through your own channel as opposed to auction. What do you expect to be able to do for the rest of the year as for your own channel versus auction?
William Plummer: We are encouraged that we can continue to drive more through retail overall than we have historically. I'm not here to say that we're going to do 85% in retail for the remainder of the year, but we fully expect a solid retail mix throughout the remainder of the year. I do think that auction will remain a fairly small portion of what we do throughout the remainder of the year. And I'd say that a, because we're doing better through retail; and b, because we will do more sales back to some of our vendors this year as the year goes on. Didn't do a tremendous amount in the first quarter, but as we go through second, third quarter and maybe in the fourth quarter in particular, we expect to sell more back to some of the vendors. Those sales usually come with margins that are better than auction but not as good as our retail channel. And so as we mix more of that type of sale in the margin performances, it's clearly going to be lower than what we did in the first quarter. We haven't put a specific number on it, but it will clearly be lower than first quarter.
Michael Kneeland: The other thing I would say on that is just to Bill's point on used prices, as a general comment, Henry, if you take a look at the Rouse report, it had a 3% improvement in one month which is pretty healthy considering that over the past 6 months, used prices are up 7.5%. So clearly as we've stated -- as I've stated, you take a look at used prices as being one of the foundations of the recovery and then comes utilization and then comes rate. So I always look at the used price market as a whole.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Just trying to understand the rate versus yield, I guess, relationship. So revenues were up 14.2% and volume was up 12.8%, so that would indicate to me that yield was only up 1.4% yet rates were up 4.2%. Are you guys discounting on delivery, or are you discounting on some other things that -- kind of help me understand the math.
William Plummer: Phil, it's Bill. This is always a -- to do it right, is always a complex discussion. But I'll point out what we do, do. In our rate calculation, the 4.2%, that is the weighted average of the year-over-year changes using the current period waiting for time mix, day, week and month and for fleet mix. And so because it's based on the current period waiting, you can't just use it directly to explain the year-over-year change in revenue. It is, in our view, the best way to think about and to talk about rental rate performance because it fixes the mix as it relates to rate and it fixes it at a point that is in the current period, which is what the current market is all about. But it does make it harder to just blindly apply it to the year-over-year change in revenue and say, oh well, everything that's not rate by that calculation has got to be either volume or mix. The other thing to think that about in trying to explain year-over-year change is that when we say volume up, we're talking about the OEC on rent as the measure of volume. And so clearly embedded in that is a change in mix from one period to another. That makes it complicated to talk about the year-over-year change, explain the year-over-year change just using the OEC change from one year to another. So it's a fairly complex interplay if you're trying to explain the year-over-year change in revenue and that's why it's hard to talk through. Let me stop there and ask you if that helps or if that confuses you even more and we'll give you this concession to ask another question, if it didn't help.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: No, that's great, Bill. I appreciate that. I'll follow up with Chris Brown off-line, but that's very helpful to get the different compare. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Bill, your unchanged free cash flow guidance despite the acquisition implies lower organic CapEx. Can you talk about why you decided to pull back or did your initial guidance contemplate the acquisition?
William Plummer: We had a notion that we might do the acquisition. It wasn't certain at the point that we set the number, but we had a notion. I don't look at it as a pullback in organic CapEx at all. We feel very comfortable that we can flex whatever activities we need to flex in order to accommodate CapEx for the acquisition. So I don't look at it the way you stated the question, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And Bill, just a related follow-up there, can you talk about on the Venetor business, any regional overlap with your existing businesses and what kind of cost or revenue synergies are you targeting on the new business?
William Plummer: Without going to the specific cost of revenue synergies, I think that we are certainly expecting Venetor to enhance our position in Ontario, in particular. And we fully expect to leverage the people, systems, the equipment and the relationships that they have both for revenue improvement and for cost synergies. We've consciously chosen not to talk though specifically about the synergy numbers simply because we believe the synergies are there and are justified. But some of that work has to be done and some of that work, quite honestly, we don't want to show our hand to some of our competitors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chase Becker from Crdit Suisse.
Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG: I was wondering if you could calibrate the comments on rates that -- can you talk a little bit more about your rate expectations for the balance of the year? I know you had mentioned that you're expecting -- it sounds like an acceleration in the back of the year in rates. I'm just a little confused by that commentary because I would have thought that your comps are easier in 2Q and we wouldn't see an acceleration, did I misunderstand that?
William Plummer: No, you got it right. The comps are easier in Q1 and Q2. Q2 is actually pretty easy as well. Remember the trough for us last year was March. And it was April on that we had sequential improvements throughout the remainder of the year. So the comps are easier but our expectation is that the level of demand that we expect to see in the season this year, as well as the level of focus that we put on managing rate will help us achieve even better sequential rate improvement in the second and third quarter in particular, and that will lead to an acceleration in the year-over-year performance of the second and third quarter compared to what we got in the first quarter. So that's one of the things that we've tried to address throughout the first quarter in some of our comments in conferences and one-on-ones when we said that we didn't expect the rate performance to be front-end loaded. Our expectation always has been second quarter, third quarter are going to give us the opportunity to have significant rate improvement. And in fact, you can do the math, right, we were 4.2% in the first quarter. So we expect that we are going to do even better than that, and in fact, better than 5% in order by the math, right, in the second and third quarter in particular. And so that's what we the believe will be available to us and we're going to execute against it.
Michael Kneeland: Chase, I would just add that the biggest take away I look at is and I thought was very important was the sequential rate improvement between fourth quarter and first quarter. Even in the great strong economic times, it's always been challenging to get that kind of sequential rate improvement. So we've got 0.5 point between the 2 quarters and typically going in your first quarter, which is your most challenging and weakest one. So we feel very comfortable, I think the team is doing a remarkable job and we're always looking for more.
Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess my follow-up, just digging in on the G&A question. I know there's a lot of moving parts there but in the last couple quarters, your G&A as a percentage of revenues is running in the mid-15% or 16%, and it was closer to 18%. So I just want to make sure I understand how you think about that as a percentage of revenue for the balance of the year.
William Plummer: You've got to remember the seasonality in our business, Chase. So the first quarter is always going to be a higher percent of revenue because it's such a lower revenue quarter. As we go through the year, our plan has us reducing SG&A as a percent of revenue over the remainder of the year, especially excluding the impact of that regulatory recovery that we had in the first quarter. That's the way that we're thinking about it and that represents leverage that we expect to achieve for the cost takeouts that we've done over the last several years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Bill, the 59% pull-through on the Rental business, is that also the type of number we should think about for the rest of the year?
William Plummer: Harder question to address, Seth, but I think that's probably at the lower end of what you might think about. I'm dancing carefully here to stay consistent with how we decided to communicate. So I don't want to sound cute, but I'd rather not put a specific number on it. But I think that with some of the cost items that I talked about, we're going to be very intently focused on making sure that the cost that we need to bear, we do bear. Our hope is that we'll deliver a flow-through that's better than that. Historically, it has been a little better than that. And we'll continue to drive it as much as we can.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. I mean, I imagine you assume that the sales -- the equipment sales margin doesn't stay in the 40%-plus number range, right?
William Plummer: That's right. It will be lower.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you give us the delta utilization change year-over-year in March? You gave us the pricing up 5.5%.
William Plummer: Utilization change in March?
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes.
William Plummer: ] Sure. Time utilization for March...
Michael Kneeland: William, you got it there?
William Plummer: For the month of March alone, it was 5.7 percentage points.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. So I guess what I'm wrestling with is, you drove pricing up 5.5 points and utilization was still up almost 6 points -- why you can't raise your one point guidance for the year? I mean, you've demonstrated that you can drive utilization and pricing together.
William Plummer: So I think the real rationale that we haven't raised it is as we've looked down the year, the utilization improvements that come in the second, third and fourth quarter, last year that came last year, were significant. I mean, they were huge improvements. And so we're cautious about baking in a lot of improvement over those records in the remaining quarters of this year. Are we overly cautious? I guess time will tell. We certainly felt good about the momentum we established in utilization in the first quarter and 3 months from now, when we're talking, maybe we do raise it a little bit above the 1%. But right now, we feel that the 1% is the right way to think about it and we're going to, as always, push to make that happen and then some.
Michael Kneeland: It's always a balance between rate and time and that's always going to play out. I think if you go through -- as we go through the second quarter and we re-announce the second quarter, if we see something different, we'll obviously communicate that and let you know if we're going to up it. But clearly, we want to be cautious because we want to make sure we're balancing against the rate improvement that we want to achieve.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, and relative to the -- when you talk about 1 point of pricing is $17 million or $18 million of EBITDA, is there a number that you think about for utilization?
William Plummer: I think we've historically said $15 million. So each point of ute [utilization] is $15 million.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, and then I guess just lastly clarification, the CapEx number, the $625 million, does that include the acquired OEC?
William Plummer: It includes the capital that we would spend in support of the acquired company. That make sense to you? So $625 million would include any capital that we would spend to support Venetor. It does not include the purchase price of buying Venetor.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, and have you disclosed that price yet?
William Plummer: We have not.
Michael Kneeland: We've not.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Will that be in the next quarter's Q?
William Plummer: In next quarter's Q, by GAAP, we will have to put in the cash flow used in investments, and so look for exciting reading in the second.
Michael Kneeland: We're not trying to be cute. As you know, it's something that we have never talked about and we also are always in communication with other companies and we just felt it was appropriate that we just keep that private.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wells from Thompson Research.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: I guess I'm trying to understand -- I think you touched on this earlier, but if I look at the year-over-year rental improvement in your Rental revenues, we continue to see a sequential move up. But that flow-through number softened in the first quarter and I appreciate the additional color of the delta there. But I'm trying to get a sense of what was it that happened in this quarter that popped up necessarily, that made that soften relative to where we were in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year? And I guess by reaffirming your EBITDA flow-through, I mean, it sounds like that this is one-time in nature to some extent, is that the right way to think about that?
William Plummer: David, so I think what I tried to do in my commentary was to talk about things like focusing on improving our PM currency and focusing on reducing the amount of OEC that's not available for rent, whether it's because of repair or pickup status or whatever. That focus was an intense focus in the first quarter. And we see it in the results, right? Our PM currency when you look at the improvement over the prior year, just looking at the month of March, it was up 1.5 percentage points. And so we certainly got a result, right? We wanted to manage the fleet to a higher level of preventive maintenance overall and we got it. Similarly, with OEC not available. That improved, just for the month of March, improved by about 1 percentage point, 1 full percentage point. So our fleet is more readily available for rent. Those were particular focuses in the first quarter that was part of the repair and maintenance expense story within cost of rent. One of the things that I can't say with certainty right now is whether any incremental expense from that special focus will continue through the remainder of the year. Our hope is and our expectation is that it does not. But making sure is one of the things that we're going to be very focused on as we go through the second quarter and further on. The one thing that, again, I tried to point out is that, that is going on and will recur is the fact that our fleet is older this year than it was last year. In the first quarter, that difference was about 4 months. The difference will be less in the subsequent quarters simply because we were aging the fleet throughout last year, but there will still be a difference and therefore there will be an impact just to maintain a fleet that's a little bit older. Historically again, we've talked about each month held over an entire year being worth somewhere between $2 million and $3 million, call it $2.5 million for kicks. So those are the things that I would point to within the rental line as areas to focus on. The other areas, I mentioned profit-sharing, that's going to recur, that's going to continue throughout the year as long as we continue to perform well. It was a $4 million impact in the first quarter. So if we continue to do as well, you could expect a number like that in each quarter coming up. And then I also pointed out the merit increase that we expect that we know will be reinstated effective April and carried through for the remainder of the year. That was about $6 million in cost of rent, $2 million in SG&A.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: Sure. So given that, I guess I'm having a hard time seeing where does the pickup in flow-through to that 65%, 70% range come from. Is it coming just from leverage on the top line in your commentary around the rate environment? Or are there some other cost levers that you're finding just as you look for low-hanging fruit or whatever the case may be?
William Plummer: Yes, I want to be clear that the 65% to 70% flow-through is total revenue flow-through to EBITDA. The rental revenue flow-through to rental gross profit was about 59% in the quarter and that's what's impacted by all of these cost of rent-related items most directly that I just talked about. I just wanted to make that distinction clear.
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. The one other thing I would add is that when you take a look at -- when you're trying to look from third quarter to fourth quarter to first quarter, if you look at the history of the company overall, when you take a look at the performance, there's always been a buildup in the first quarter to the second to the third. And then from the fourth quarter into the first quarter, there's always been a little bit of a drop. So it's been historic on the gross margin on rental.
William Plummer: Yes. Again, David, I guess I would also add that the rental flow-through to gross profit of 59% -- I think at 59% is what I calculated, maybe it's 58% -- is not out of line with what we had in the first quarter in prior years. So that's something that gives us some comfort that says, you know what there's not a lot of unusually large costs that we incurred in the first year. But it is a little low relative to where it's been in other quarters throughout the year. And given the focus that we put on some of the measures, we thought it appropriate to call out and talk about those factors as part of what's been driving our rental performance. We feel good about our rental performance. So let me be clear about that, right? We improved our rental gross margin by over 5 percentage points compared to last year, that is not nothing to sneeze at. But we want to be upfront in talking about the focus on costs that we want to maintain because it's harder now, with variable costs going up on higher volume, it's harder now to be as clear about the cost performance than it was last year and the year before where you could just say, oh, the overall cost dollars are down. Now we've got to be a little more nuanced in how we talk about it so that's why we're focused on it.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: Yes, and I guess what I'm trying to understand is given the cost save that you've done over the last couple of years, with a good portion of those being fixed costs, to the extent that the variable cost come back from the volume piece is -- what I'm trying to figure out is for this first quarter, is this a function of the cost save that you've taken earlier not being as permanent as you thought they were?
William Plummer: I don't yet have and I must admit, I haven't done a detailed analysis on sort of permanent temporary for this quarter. My gut's telling me that I don't have the reason to be concerned about the share that's permanent being significantly different. But I also want to be very, very vigilant around the cost performance to make sure that, that indeed is the case. And so that's what I'm trying to give a flavor for as we've talked about our cost performance in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: I just had a question on the balance sheet. I saw that you have purchased some of the quips and I wanted a little color around whether this is a one-time item or are you going to be targeting debt reduction in this line item going forward? And then how you look at it versus just paying down the ABL?
William Plummer: So, Emily, on the quips purchase, honestly, it was an opportunity that presented itself to us. We had an investor call up and asked if we would be interested in purchasing some. And as we talked to them about where they would sell, we decided that it made sense. I think the note in the Q suggests that we bought it at a little bit of a discount and we thought that it made sense to execute. So whether or not we do it again going forward, I think will just depend on whether or not somebody has a chunk they want to sell. And I'm sorry, your question about the ABL, was what again?
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Sorry, just how you are evaluating or considering being bought back at par versus paying down your ABL? [indiscernible]
William Plummer: Well, I mean, the underlying cost of that quips issue was 6 1/2%, right? That's the deal where we issued debt into a trust. The cost on that debt was 6 1/2%. The ABL cost us 3 1/4% right about now. So just on a pure interest rate arbitrage basis, it makes sense from that perspective. Does that answer your question, Emily?
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Box from KeyBanc Capital.
Joe Box - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Quick question, most of mine have been answered, but one's more high level. Can you just talk about what your construction customers are saying about rising construction input costs? It look like some of these guys could be getting squeezed on the margin and I'm just curious if you're starting to see any negative implications like delayed projects or potentially even less pricing power on your end?
Michael Kneeland: We haven't, at this point. In talking with some of the contractors, obviously, the most immediate cost is the cost of fuel that they have. They're very sophisticated, and some of our large ones, our large customers may buy these things out well in advance and secure their pricing for most of their jobs. And we haven't seen any disruption to-date or even mentioned to us based on the rising cost. I think that we talked about rising cost and a whole multitude of things, not only in the construction but just about everywhere we can think of including certain commodities like cotton. Having said that, one of the things that we were attracted to the Canadian market was because of commodities and the desire to get those commodities. We think it fuels a lot of the growth in the Canadian marketplace.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Thanks, guys. Two separate questions, the first one, following up on David's line of question because I think there's some concern about just the incremental cost here. I guess, Bill -- you maintained the guidance for incremental margins, EBITDA margin is 76%. Was what you delivered in the first quarter what you expected or are some of these incremental -- it sounds like largely variable costs more than what you had expected? And I guess I'm kind of asking the same question as David, but are you -- it sounds like you're confident in what you can do going forward, might there be incremental fixed cost savings activities that you need to take upcoming to maintain that? Or do you feel very comfortable that this is all going as planned and what we're seeing is just very much a factor of lower revenue and a seasonally soft first quarter? Thanks.
William Plummer: Thanks, Scott. I'll start. And I think for the quarter, the reason I focused and spent so much time talking about the cost is that as we saw the cost unfold in the quarter, we said to ourselves, let's make sure that we're spending cost in the right place and we're spending the right level of cost. And we've gotten ourselves comfortable on a number of items, but there are a couple of things that we want to explore further. So the amount of effort and expense that we put into improving PM currency, improving OEC not available, we want to make sure that, that's the right level. We're not concerned, it's not a problem, but we want to make sure that we are not missing an opportunity to be even more efficient in the use of that expense than we were in the first quarter. So I'm being very careful here because I do want to be clear that it's a matter of wanting to be hyper-focused, to make sure that we're using every expense dollars as efficiently as we can. For the full year, we're very comfortable with all of the outlook that we've given you. We feel like we've got -- even if there is an issue in cost, we've got ways to respond to it. And so in that regard, if it turns out there is an issue in cost building, we feel like we've got some additional actions that we can take to address fixed cost or to address variable cost elsewhere if we need to. So I'm trying to be responsive but also very particular in saying that there is a cost focus here and it's something that we want to make sure that we are maintaining.
Michael Kneeland: The only thing I would mention is as far as actions that we're doing, Scott, is as you know we've mentioned about our program called FAST. We're rolling that out. We believe that will drive a better efficiency in our delivery process. We've got about 90 of our locations to-date that have been trained, and we will continue that to the balance of this year, but those are longer-term effects that should yield us some cost efficiencies as we go forward.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys. And then one final question Bill, with regard to the tax rate, so for us modeling, the 30% should be the full year '11 rate that we're targeting? And then I guess the question is, subsequent to that in the out years, I've been modeling a high-30s number, how should we think about that? Thanks.
William Plummer: Starting next year, I think you should be modeling more like the low-30s. Tax rate is always an adventure with us just given the mix shifts that happen, but I think being in the low-30s is good guidance for you. You know, the acquisition of Venetor, for example, skews us a little bit more toward Canada. So that's going to help maintain that rate down in the low-30s.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Operator, it's a good time to wrap up the Q&A, and I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. If you go to our website, you can download our latest investor deck, which has been updated and also expanded with new information. And as always, we welcome your calls here in Greenwich and get a hold of Fred Bratman, if you would please, and we'll make sure that we can reach out to you and answer any additional questions. So operator, this concludes our remarks. And have a great day, and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG David Raso - ISI Group Inc. David Wells - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals' Fourth Quarter and Year-End Investor Conference Call. Before we begin, note that the company's press release, comments by presenters and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The company's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the company's website at www.ur.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectation. You should also note that today's call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. On the call with me today is our Chief Financial Officer, Bill Plummer, and other members of our senior management team.  In some ways, this won't be a typical year-end discussion. We just reported our results for a period that may be the most significant in the last three years. Our performance in the quarter was pivotable (sic) [pivotal] to our company. It allowed us to close out the year from a position of strength and carry that momentum into 2011. On the construction cycle, it's showing signs of turning, although the commercial sector is still very weak. But that's okay. We have our arms around that challenge, and as you'll hear, we're bullish about our ability to capitalize on any level of recovery. I'll start with a look at some of the key metrics for the fourth quarter, and then I want to talk about our goals as a company and the progress we expect to make towards those goals. And then after that, Bill will cover our outlook and results in detail, and then we'll take your questions. So first the numbers. It was a good quarter for us. We were able to take a non-residential construction environment that was negative year-over-year by about 8% and leverage it into a performance that was not only positive, but in some cases, dramatically so. Our rental revenue was up 10.4% in the quarter, including a 14.3% increase in same-store rental revenue. And in addition, we had record time utilization of 69.3%, and that's important because that was the third consecutive quarter of record utilization. And perhaps the most telling, our rental rates were up 1.2% for the quarter, year-over-year. In fact, we turned a corner on rates a little earlier and more strongly than we anticipated. That took months of hard work and discipline to make that happen. And let me tell you, it feels great. But we still have a long way to go.  Now I'll talk more about rates in a minute, but first I want to summarize our earnings for the fourth quarter. As you know, we have some put and takes in the quarter. And on an adjusted basis, we reported positive EPS of $0.16 per share compared to a loss of $0.21 in 2009. On a GAAP basis, we lost $0.29 per share. And our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $181 million with an adjusted margin of 30.3%, both significantly higher than in the fourth quarter last year.  Now all these numbers include the negative impact of an $18 million fourth quarter charge related to our insurance reserves. This is a non-cash charge related to settlements of claims, activities that date back several years. Overall, we did a good job on costs in the quarter. We took another $4 million of SG&A expense out of the business compared to 2009. And our full-range SG&A savings of $41 million was in our target range. Cost of rentals x depreciation, which is a metric influenced by demand, increased by $14 million for the year. And this expense would actually be down year-over-year by $4 million without the self-insurance charge. Now Bill will talk more about that in a minute. Another area of operations we get asked a lot about is our branch network. And we're continuing to optimize our footprint to reflect a more traditional business pattern. In the fourth quarter we consolidated 22 branches, which is almost half the closings in the full year. That's not a reflection on the quarter. It has a lot to do with analyzing our network over time to optimize our footprint in markets where we can maintain the same level of customer service with fewer locations. And we didn't exit any major markets. And we invested in opening four whole starts, including a new Trench Power HVAC location. Specialty rentals is a strategic area of growth for us, and we plan to open more of these branches in the coming months. We also expect to close fewer branches going forward. And as a result, the net change in our branch count in 2011 should be more moderate than it was in 2010. So to recap in the fourth quarter, we had higher revenues in our core Rental business, a more efficient cost structure in our corporate and branch operations, better utilization of our fleet at better rates and more flow-through to EBITDA. And we're clearly focused on our strategic priorities, and I would put rental rates on the top of that list. I've often made the point that there's a sequence to construction cycle. It starts with the recovery of used equipment prices, followed by utilization and then rates. It's also true that monthly rates lag daily and weekly rates in the recovery. As I mentioned before, monthly rates are the basis for about 70% of our rental revenue for strategic reasons. The fourth quarter was a turning point for us. We were able to push through with the monthly lag and go positive on general rental and dirt-equipment rates year-over-year. The demand for aerial equipment remained weak, and our monthly rates reflected that. But we were able to go positive on aerial rates for our weekly and daily terms. The credit for these accomplishments goes to the field team that is incredibly focused on rate improvement. They're doing this with the help of COR [ph], our state-of-the-art price optimization technology. And our sales force is using this intelligence to help balance rates and utilization. In fact, if you recall, I gave you the prediction on the last call that our rates would be flat to slightly positive year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And we're happy to outperform it. If there's a common theme to our common state, it's a single word: Outperform. I know it's a bold word in this environment, but one I'm very comfortable with. If you recall three years ago, we set a strategy for long-term profitability. And since then, we've made a lot of progress in transforming this company. This includes staying true to our go-to-market strategy, which is to define United Rentals according to our core business of equipment rental; to leverage our size by serving large construction and industrial accounts through a single point of contact; to serve our customers through Operation United to achieve customer service leadership in our industry; and to continuously improve our cost structure and fleet management. In 2010, we saw tangible results of that effort. We showed that we can outperform the construction environment by driving an increase in rental rates and revenues in the last half of the year, and we realized the highest time utilization in the history of our company. We also outperformed our outlook on rates in the fourth quarter. And although rates were down about 2% for the full year, we're confident it's better than the industry average. Now I live and breathe these numbers every day in 2010, and our performance tells me that we can leverage this recovery to the same effect or better in 2011. There's plenty of evidence that the recovery, while modest, is still gaining traction. We saw a definite improvement in demand in the second half of 2010. And a number of external sources are predicting an increase in project starts in 2011, including McGraw-Hill Construction and the Architectural Billings Index. In December, the ABI score was 54.2, the highest it's been since November of 2007.  Within our operations, all nine regions had year-over-year growth of rental revenue in the fourth quarter, and we had 36 states and all 10 Canadian provinces. Now two of those states, the ones that have been chronically very weak, California, which was up 4% in the quarter; and Florida, which was up 5%. So we're encouraged by the change in customer demand. Our strategy has been to stay in front of our key customer segments across North America throughout the downturn, earning their confidence for exactly this point in the cycle. And now we're starting to see the payoff, particularly in terms of progress we're making with our customer segmentation strategy. Our National Accounts program and rental revenue was up 15% for the year and 20% for the fourth quarter, reflecting the impact of higher demand and our efforts to earn a greater share of wallet. We will continue to shift towards larger accounts where we have a competitive advantage. These accounts tend to rent more equipment for longer periods of time, pay invoices more quickly and return equipment with less damage than the average customer. And when managed properly through a single point of contact, larger customers equate to profitable growth. Now in addition, we believe our end markets are opting to rent more equipment rather than purchase it. Recessions always drive some degree of rental penetration, and we strive to be the first in line for any new prospects. For example, in our East Region alone, we signed 1,300 new accounts in the fourth quarter.  I just described a number of different opportunities, and the outlook we announced last night shows that we're prepared to make the most of them. We believe that we can achieve a rate increase of at least 5% year-over-year. And if it turns out we can do better, believe me, we won't stop there. We're going to spend between $425 million to $475 million of net rental CapEx or about $625 million of gross. And we think we can drive another point or so of time, even after posting a record year. And after all that, we expect to achieve positive free cash flow. Now earlier, I said that we're very committed to outperform at every opportunity. And in the depths of recession, it has a lot to do with positioning. But this year, it's about profitable growth.  Now given the way that we're firing on all cylinders, we expect to continue to outperform our end markets. You can see it in our rate performance, our time utilization, our focus on cost, our customer mix, our fleet management, but most of all our employees. It's evident by the way they pulled together to Operation United and keep raising the bar on service with tools like our customer-focused scorecard. The scorecard has already become a way of life. In fact, virtually in every area of the business, our progress can be traced to the support of our employees. Now we just received the results from our most recent employee engagement survey, and our scores were up significantly from 2008. In fact, they exceeded the norm for high-performance companies in a number of areas. It's important to our strategy because there's a correlation between employee engagement and customer service and service to profitability. Two weeks ago, we brought our field managers together for our annual meeting in Saint Louis. It's a chance to share our objectives for the coming year and to get everybody on the same page with our priorities. There was a clear energy in those meeting rooms. But more than that, there was a sense of commitment. Our people believe that we're going in the right direction. They see firsthand how we're transforming this company in ways that are meaningful to our customers. And they understand how that translates into revenue and profits. The sum of what we achieve in 2011 will be dictated by the pace of the recovery. But it's more about discipline, our sense of purpose and our excitement about this opportunity to forge ahead. So on that note, I'll ask Bill to review our results in detail, and then we'll go to your questions. So over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As Mike said, I'll go further into the fourth quarter results. But before going into the fourth quarter, let me recap the 2010 performance against the objectives that we've been updating for you. In looking at our SG&A objective, we laid out a $40 million to $50 million save in SG&A costs for the full year in 2010. We achieved the $41 million that Mike mentioned. So toward the bottom of the range, but we achieved the range. As we have seen in a number of the prior quarters, the reductions came about through almost every line of SG&A, but particularly through salaries and benefit costs associated with headcount reductions, through professional fee reductions as we focus our spend there, through T&E [travel and entertainment] reductions and, again, through almost every line of G&A. Importantly, the reductions that we achieved over the full year offset an increase in selling and commission costs associated with higher revenues. So we feel very good about the SG&A performance for 2010. Cost of rentals x depreciation, we targeted for a reduction of $5 million to $15 million in 2010, and we finished the year with a $14 million increase. As Mike pointed out, that increase included the impact of the $18 million self-insurance charge that we booked in the fourth quarter. Take that out, and we would have actually had a $4 million reduction very close to the bottom end of the range that we had guided to. Our overall sense is that the cost of rental performance was good in 2010, and that certainly is a strong statement to make, given that we had a very nice rebound in transaction volume and the variable costs associated with that represented a headwind that we did a nice job of overcoming, again, excluding the self-insurance charge. On the self-insurance charge, I'll give just a high-level touch on that in just a minute. Free cash flow and net rental CapEx. The guidance was for free cash flow of $200 million to $225 million increase through the year. We delivered $227 million. For net rental CapEx within that, we guided to $180 million to $200 million of net rental CapEx investment. We achieved $202 million, slightly over the top of the range there. So once again, we were able to invest in the business the way we thought appropriate and still deliver very nicely free cash flow performance for the year. That's what I want to say about the 2010 outlook. Let me go to the fourth quarter performance details and just hit the highlights there. As Mike said, in the fourth quarter, our rental revenue was up 10% year-over-year. And very clearly, that was driven by a nice rate performance with year-over-year rates up 1.2% for the quarter. If you look sequentially, fourth quarter compared to third quarter, we had a sequential rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2.3%. Now on a year-over-year basis, that 1.2% increase is the first time we had a year-over-year quarterly increase in rental rate since the first quarter of 2007. So we feel good about the quarterly performance, and it gave us nice momentum coming into 2011. In fact, we had previously said back in the third quarter call that we expected if rates ended the year the way we expected, we would have had about a 2% carryover into 2011. Our view now is that, that carryover benefit will be about 2% in 2011. If you look just briefly at the equipment types and the rate performance there in a little bit more detail, the cycle that Mike mentioned earlier is playing out. Earthmoving equipment and general rental categories were the ones that had the best rate performance in 2010, and aerial and forklifts lag somewhat. On the volume and time-utilization front, again, a nice performance in the year and in the quarter. For the quarter, OEC on rent was up 13% in the quarter, while the overall fleet size was only up about 1% versus the prior year. So put those two together and they translate into the time utilization you saw for the quarter. 69.3% time utilization in the fourth quarter, and that's up 7 percentage points versus the prior year. I don't know about you guys, but that's remarkable to me that we're up. We're 69% utilization in the fourth quarter with the holiday season baked in there and with a very challenging weather environment in some areas of the country during the month of December. If you look at time utilization just broadly, the fourth quarter was not only a record fourth quarter in time utilization for us as a company but it was the second highest time utilization quarter ever for the company, following only the third quarter of 2010. So all in all, a very nice performance in the quarter. Just briefly, for the full year, time utilization was at 65.6%. That was up 4.9 percentage points compared to '09. And again, as Mike said, that was another record year for the company. Turning now to used equipment. Revenues and margin performance, it was a good quarter for us on the used equipment side. We realized $40 million of proceeds in used equipment sales in the fourth quarter. That on $78 million of OEC sold in the quarter. And most significantly, the margin for those sales came in at 27.5%, and that's up from 10.8% the prior year. So nice margin performance and good volume of sales activity in the quarter. The important driver of that margin improvement was the mix of the channels that we used during the quarter. Retail was very nicely represented, with retail representing 63% of our sales overall in the fourth quarter. That up from 44% retail in the prior year. Auction. The share of auction sales was about constant, 30% versus 29%. But the auction results were nicely impacted by the fact that overall pricing in the market has improved over the last year. Moving on to cost of rent x depreciation. We, as I touched on earlier, saw fourth quarter cost of rent up slightly versus the prior year. But focusing on the full year, we were up about $14 million. And as I did say, that includes the impact of the self-insurance reserve adjustment. Maybe I'll just take a brief moment here to address that topic briefly. As with most companies, we retain a level of self-insurance in our liability programs. So workers comp, auto liability, general liability, our approach is to retain the first portion of loss to make for a reasonable insurance coverage for the higher levels of loss that we could experience. In 2010, the $18 million represented a number of claims that were adversely developing against us in the year 2010. We had several large settlements during the course of the year that are unusual relative to where we've been over the history of the company, and that was a significant driver. Roughly half of that $18 million was associated with unusual adverse claim development. But the other half was associated with our actuarys view of what we needed to carry as reserve for future adverse development. That component of the reserve called IBNR, incurred but not reported, was about half of the $18 million as well. And within that component, we had a change in methodology by our actuary that contributed roughly $6 million of the $9.5 million associated with IBNR.  Neither of those events, either the adverse claim development or the IBNR impact from the actuary, we view as ongoing. And so our view is that the $18 million is not part of our run rate cost, going forward. And we can talk more about this in Q&A if there are questions, but our view is that we don't expect to have this as a matter of routine going forward. Moving on to cost performance. I already talked a little bit about SG&A for the quarter and the year, so I won't spend much time there other than to say that we continue to look at opportunities to drive more SG&A savings wherever possible. The challenge, obviously, will be the S part of SG&A in 2011, given that we're expecting revenue growth across the course of the year. Dropping down to adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter came in at $181 million, and that's at a margin of 30.3%. And that margin represented a 350 basis point improvement over the prior year. Obviously, the drivers we've already touched on were the key components. So strong rate performance, very nice utilization performance and good cost controls were the key drivers of that improvement year-over-year.  I will point out that, that 350 basis point improvement does include the impact of the self-insurance reserve. If you took that out, the improvement would be more like 660 basis points over the prior year. So very significant margin expansion there. And just briefly on the full year, adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year was 30.9%. That was a 430 basis point improvement over 2009. And here, again, if you took out the self-insurance reserve adjustment, that would be an improvement of more like 510 basis points. So again, nice improvement in margins over the course of the full year. Dropping to EPS. On an adjusted EPS basis, we reported $0.16 for the quarter and $0.33 for the full year. And again, the drivers were very similar to the drivers for EBITDA performance in rate and utilization and cost performance. And again, it includes the impact of the self-insurance reserve.  I'll also point out that EPS, the impact there of a tax discrete item that we recognized in the quarter, about $6.5 million was included as a tax benefit in the quarter, representing an adjustment for an alternative minimum tax credit that we recognized in the quarter from a prior period. So that favorable impact certainly boosted EPS, but the impact of self-insurance reserve worked against this. If you made the adjustment for those two items, take out the self-insurance reserve charge and take out the impact of that tax benefit, on an adjusted basis, our EPS would be something like $0.23 per share using the 60.6 million shares that we based all of our other calculations on. So all in all, we feel very good about the EPS performance for the quarter. And again, that gives us good momentum going into 2011. I already touched on cash flow for the year. For the quarter, free cash flow came in at $83 million that's up nicely against $45 million the prior year. And again, we're continuing to look at free cash flow generation as an important part of how we think about the business going forward. In terms of liquidity at the end of the year, we ended the year with $830 million roughly of overall liquidity that includes availability under the ABL as well as cash in the bank. 2011. Just a couple of the high-level outlook items for 2011. We do expect the end market to grow, the end market being the rental market. We're seeing something in that 5% to 10% range. And as Mike said in his comments, we expect that our rental revenue performance will outperform the market overall. Combination of good rate performance, nice time utilization and we'll grow the fleet sum this year. As you saw in the press release and as Mike said, we expect rates to be up at least 5%, and always, we drive for more if it's available. We also expect time utilization to be up over 1% or about 1% in 2011, that following a record year, as I said, in 2010.  On the CapEx and free cash flow front, our current plan is for net rental CapEx of $425 million to $475 million. And as we've done in 2010 and in 2009, we'll flex this number based on what we're experiencing in the marketplace. Within that net rental CapEx target, we expect to spend a gross number of about $625 million. And that in spite of the fact that we'll invest those levels, we expect that our net free cash flow for the year will be positive. We're calling it $10 million to $50 million as a range. And again, we'll be continually evaluating that as we go through the year and update you as we view it in the context of the market. In terms of profitability, in the past, we've talked about our cost performance as a dollar cost save. We're going to pivot away from that this year and talk more about flow-through as a measure of how we're driving profitability for the company. So our expectation for 2011 is that we'll have total revenue flow-through to EBITDA of about 65% to 70%. In other words, each dollar of incremental total revenue will translate into about $0.55 or $0.70 of incremental EBITDA. Those are all the points that I wanted to make about 2010 and the 2011 outlook. It's a good time now to stop and open the call for questions and answers. So if I could ask the operator to open the call, we'll go to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Raso from ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Just one quick comment and clarification on that last statement you made, Bill. It looks like just running some simple math on the revenue growth for this year, that would imply an incremental EBITDA this year of about $160 million or so. Is that how we should roughly be thinking about it? So about a $700 million EBITDA base in '10 growing in that ballpark $160 million kind of range? Is that a fair assessment?
William Plummer: David, I won't offer a specific comment on the number. I think we've given enough components, especially with the EBITDA flow-through, so that you can converge on a pretty good sense of what we're thinking about. So I won't offer a comment on your specific number.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And on that, for drop-through, on my numbers, your EBITDA went up about $70 million last year. And the revenue growth was roughly -- the conversion rate was not terribly different. So, okay, main question though, the margin for '11, when we think of the equipment rental margin, if you look at the history of the company, obviously, back when you got started back in the late '90s, you did have one year around 57%. In '06 it was a shade above 55%. Given what you're seeing on rental rates and your forecast, and obviously, that has a pretty big impact on dropping to the bottom line, how should we think about '11 equipment rental margin versus your history? Should this be the year you get back to your peak level? How should we be thinking about that?
William Plummer: Well, I'd certainly -- I'd hesitate to say that we get back to a peak level, but not because that's not where we might end up, but because I would rather not address it that specifically. I do think that we will have a nice improvement based on the components that we've already talked about, and if we achieve what we've got in our plan right now, I'd feel very good about how we've driven those margins over the course of 2011.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: What are the risks on the cost side that, maybe, I'm not appreciating? Again, thinking about how rates drop to the bottom line, how should we -- we can go all the way down to the operating profit line if you want. The cost, I mean, obviously, some years, we've seen fuel costs suddenly become something -- you don't think about that, it's not an insignificant cost for you, for some of your fuel costs. How are you thinking about wages? Is there any change to the comp youve given to your sales people as a percent of the rental commissions they bring in? Just what are some of those costs we should be thoughtful about that you're thinking could be maybe a little higher than the Streets contemplating?
William Plummer: So just to offer some comments on the various line items, the relationship of revenue to selling costs probably not going to be dramatically different as we go forward. And so I don't know that the percent of sales representative of selling cost you should think about as changing dramatically. Certainly, fuel costs as part of our overall delivery cost environment is something that we're watching very carefully. The trend of oil prices will be a major driver there. Repair and maintenance expense, we're operating at very nice levels of OEC on rent growth in the plan that we got for 2011. And as you might expect, repair and maintenance correlates pretty closely. So R&M expense is an area that we're going to be focused on, and that's one of the key variables in our variable cost bucket. Delivery costs, I mentioned already. Headcount and salary and benefit, our plan has headcount not changing dramatically over the course of the year. And so depending on sort of whether it's slightly plus or slightly minus will be a major driver there. The challenge with headcount is that we are coming off of the prior couple of years where we have restrained merit increases. And so merit increases are going to come back in 2011. So there'll be a headwind from that effect that we're going to have to manage through as the course of the year unfolds.
Michael Kneeland: Also, David, we're reinstating our 401 contribution as well. So that's the only other bucket that I would say. But nothing has changed from a material standpoint.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: On CapEx, obviously, it's a pretty healthy number for '11. And clearly, the question's more trying to get a feel for how you view the CapEx for the company over the next couple of years. That strong CapEx number in '11, what is that implying about your thoughts on '12? And how much does the 100% equipment expensing that you have to work with in '11 influence the '11 numbers? I'm just trying to get a feel. If you look out to '12, '13, structurally, are you thinking this is a gross CapEx number that's $700 million, $750 million a couple of years out after that? Or was some of the 100% expensing somewhat related to pulling forward some '12 into '11?
William Plummer: The 100% bonus depreciation scheme is not going to be a major impact for us. As may have commented before, we have a fairly large NOL position. It's going to take us a while to work off those NOLs, and so the cash tax benefit of 100% depreciation will be pushed out for us. So its a small enough effect so that we're not thinking explicitly about accelerating 2012 or 2011, into 2011 expenditures. In terms of how 2011 reflects our thinking about the longer term, I think the answer has got to be it depends on what we see developing going forward. Our view is that 2011, certainly, will be a nice down payment for growth over the next several years, if the market supports it. So if we go through 2011 and it develops the way we're thinking about right now, then that will give us more confidence that another round of nice investment in 2012 is warranted, and then I could say the same thing about '13 based on '12's performance. That's the way we're really thinking about the level of CapEx going forward. If the market's there, then we'll continue to invest in what we think are high return investments in capital. If the market develops more slowly, then we'll consciously look at dialing back some of the expectations that we might otherwise have had. A little vague, I know, but I think its important to understand that the investment decision is going to be keyed off of how we see the market developing, how we see our customer relationships developing and where we think we could put it to work at good returns.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, David, I just want to add that we are spending more CapEx, you're right. It's still down from peaks that we've spent as a company historically. And that we remain focused on free cash flow generation as an organization. And we want to drive our capital expenditures to be much more efficient, that's why we're transferring more equipment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: I guess, the first point, how are you thinking about seasonality this year given what you're seeing so far with the weather and your fleet addition plans?
Michael Kneeland: Well, there's a seasonal trend every year. Some are more volatile than others. If you recall, the first quarter of last year, we had a significant seasonality swing with a lot of snow. Obviously, we're going through that. That hasn't changed our view on what we think 2011 can deliver. We're very comfortable with that. We planned for it. We understand it. And we just continually look at areas of opportunities, like the new accounts I mentioned. With regards to how our capital will be spent, I don't think it's going to be dramatically different as far as how it's been done in the past because you really want to bring the capital in so that you can get most of it put to work for the season. Having said that, we will spend capital as we have customer demand and as we continue to shift our focus on the national and industrial accounts and to meet those demands.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And on the fleet additions, you're buying a little bit more equipment than I expected. Could you give some color around the fleet categories you're focusing on? Your latest thoughts there, and maybe dovetailing with that, how able is the industry as a whole to go out and make fleet addition? Is there a strategic advantage there?
Michael Kneeland: The first part of that, I'd say that nothing's dramatically going to change from our purchases last year. We're going to be -- obviously, we'll buy aerial and all the products. The question is, will we be buying more on earthmoving? Yes. Will we be buying more in industrial-related products? Yes. And as I mentioned, we'll be expanding in the area of power HVAC and Trench as well. So our pattern and what our goal is hasn't changed. We will increase our percentages in earthmoving and other. And we will have a shift of our forklifts to be also not only reach forklifts, theyll be higher reach forklifts but also the industrial forklifts. And then from the aerial standpoint, it will come down as a percentage of our total fleet mix. As far as the capacity, I can't speak to everyone's strategy that's out there. As we reported, we're seeing record demand, and we've seen three consecutive quarters. The way in which we focus on it is on customer demand and to make sure that we're staying true to our strategy. Do I think theres capacity for the vendors to meet our demand? Absolutely. But I think, as an industry, and I go back to rates, we still need to focus on getting an ample return and make sure that what you are buying, you will get those returns over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chase Becker from Credit Suisse.
Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG: On the free cash flow, just trying to understand the stickiness of the CapEx, assuming that rates end up being better than your 5% assumption. I understand its probably more tied to utilization and demand, but just trying to understand how I should be thinking about free cash flow if rental rates do exceed that 5%?
William Plummer: I think it's probably not far off to say, "Look, if rates do better and we therefore generate more operating cash flow, we're probably not far from saying dollar-for-dollar, operating cash flow goes to CapEx." Now I hesitate in saying that because we certainly will have a lot of discussion around what the environment might support. But if the momentum is there, our view is let's try and put more fleet to work because we would be doing it in an environment that supports better returns. There's certainly a benefit to adding more fleet. There's certainly an impact on our ability to generate profitability and margin. But there's also an impact on our ability to continue to invest in the fleet to manage fleet age, to manage the mix and to support key customer growth. So we'd look for opportunities to invest more. And if the world goes better than we expect, then we're probably going to bump up the level of investment.
Chase Becker - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then just in terms of the long-term margin potential for the company, I can appreciate that you've got a significant amount of cost coming out of the structure relative to last cycle, and I understand your normalized margin target. But is there any reason structurally why your peak EBITDA margins next cycle can't be closer to your peers', you were kind of in that 45%, 46% range? Is there anything that I'm missing? It seems like the restructuring actions alone can kind of get you closer to that 40% range, and then you get rates on top of that? I don't know if that's more of an analyst-day-type question or not, but...
William Plummer: Yes, probably, but I guess I would answer at a high level. I don't see anything structurally that should keep us from being very competitive with our major competitors in terms of margin. A key question that we would need to wrestle with is, "Should we let margin go up to the mid-40s?" Right? Or if you're at that level of performance, your returns are going to be very attractive. Should you be investing more in your business and taking maybe a little bit less marginy kind of investment to drive better net present value of the business? That's the debate that we would have if we were north of 40% and given the opportunity of going 45% versus investing more and maybe staying at 40% and just being a bigger company. So that's the kind of discussion we would have. It's a high-class problem to have. Let's get there first.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just following up on that last question. Your time utilization guidance for this year, up a point, basically gets you to your intermediate-term target of the 67%. So what are the implications of that? I mean, should we think that, that number doesn't go any higher in the next -- in 2012, 2013? I'm just trying to understand how you're thinking about time utilization going forward. I mean, it sounds like it's similar to what you were just talking about.
Michael Kneeland: I know. As I said, that's the way we're viewing the world going into next year. Keep in mind that the construction by McGraw-Hills standards is only going to go up in the low-single digits. But do I think that we can go beyond that? Sure. We have a set goal that we've laid out there to achieve. We've been marching in that direction very nicely. We've had consecutive records for the company. But there's also a component that we are throughout all 10 Canadian provinces, and there's changes in the environment that you can't rent in certain areas because theyre in the outer banks, it's 40 below zero. But that being said, do I think that we can improve our time utilization? Yes. It will also come with the mix, the changes that we have as we layer them in overtime and we continue to develop our customer base.
William Plummer: I guess I would add, I agree, 100%. We could drive utilization higher. I think one of the important discussions that we should and will have as a business is, how much higher and whether we should allow utilization to go much higher than 67%, 68%, or should we, again, if the environment supports, should we invest more, grow the fleet more and keep utilization at about that level in the service of growing profitability and improving return? So yes, we could go higher. I have no doubt about that. Ive become very fully convinced of that fact. The question is how much higher should we go. Again, high-class problem. Let's get there and then we can talk about it.
Michael Kneeland: And I would just also point out that it's also balanced against a rate. You want to be able to get the rate. You can drive time in this business all day long, but you've got to balance the two of them.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just on the pricing target, can you just talk a little bit about how we should think about the slope of pricing through the year? I mean if you're looking for a full year number of 5%, presumably, you're going to have to end the year at a pretty robust number. Can you just talk about how we should -- the trajectory of that?
William Plummer: So without going into too much detail about how we've laid it out over the quarters, I will point out that the first quarter comps from last year are the easiest in the course of the year. But that said, we believe that there will be enough demand and enough momentum as we get into the second and third quarter in particular, so that there's a sequential rate improvement opportunity for us even in those environments. And then fourth quarter, again, we think that we can continue to trend sequentially rates higher in the fourth quarter. So there's a broad statement. I think the view is that we'll be able to continue to push rates higher as we go throughout the course of the year. The challenge of the comps from the prior year gets harder in the second and third quarter, but we believe that the market will be there to support rate improvement.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Did you not see the typical seasonal softening at the end of the year this year? Is that a fair statement?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, I would say that's a fair statement. If you recall, the 69.3% time utilization is a record, and the performance speaks for itself. And we didn't see that drop off, as Bill mentioned, even with the holidays and the seasonal trend. Is there a seasonal component to our business? Absolutely. But clearly, we outperformed it.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just lastly, I mean, can you just remind us where you are relative to the past peak pricing? Are you down 10 points, 12 points? Is there a number we could think about?
William Plummer: So versus the prior peak, recall that we came down 12% in 2009. We came down a little bit in '08 before that. And we came down another 2% this year. So versus the prior peak, somebody have the number handy?
Michael Kneeland: 21%.
William Plummer: So versus the prior peak, 16%, the high teen kind of range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Wells from Thompson Research Group.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: I guess, first off on the rental rate expectation front, just looking at the fleet statistics that you put in your deck, with aerials sitting at 74% utilized, I guess I'm trying to get a sense of that 5% expectation, how much of it can you see on the aerial piece? Or is it more in some of the other categories that you're being able to push that lever more effectively?
Michael Kneeland: Well, as I mentioned, we saw the aerial in weekly and daily terms actually go up in the quarter. We did see a sequential improvement in aerial on the monthly side of things, but it wasn't enough to break through on a year-over-year basis. As we go through the year, we would expect to see more demand and be able to support a price increase for that product as well as we go through the year. So it's really -- we don't break it down specifically by categories. It's much more scientific than that. But we look at it by geography. We look at what we're capable of getting by the customer. We look at utilization and we make judgment calls. And then in some instances, we walk away from deals. And we'll transfer the assets. So it's all the above and how you manage it. But I would expect to see aerial rates improve as we go through 2011.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: And then thinking about the mix of customers, obviously focusing on the larger national account, presumably they're going to be more price savvy or have the leverage in place from a purchasing perspective to get greater scale. Does that hurt the ability to move the rate, that 5%, or are you baking in some of a return, if you will, to that smaller contractor base, that doesn't have the scale in place to push back on rates?
Michael Kneeland: No, it's all the above. We negotiate a lot of these rates on an annual basis. Some are set not to exceed pricing. There's a lot of things that we can do to manage those rates more efficiently. We've got systems in place to help us with that. But to your point, the spot customer who wants to come in for that shorter term, yes, depending upon the utilization of that asset and that type of customer, they could probably expect to pay more. So just in general on rates, this is an industry that really needs to focus on rates, needs to get a return on the capital it's employing out there. This is not just for me, it's the whole industry. So I think as we begin to see the turn of the trend of being in the construction, starting to pick up, most companies are seeing sequential improvements. I don't see them stopping. I see them continuing to focus on improving that picture. So it's all the above that will get us there.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: And then lastly, just one quick housekeeping question, how should we think about the share count for next year?
William Plummer: So with profitability, David, the share count clearly will start to include some of the securities that were anti-dilutive when we were in a loss position. As we look at the full year, assuming that we've got a nice net income position for -- a stock price in the $25 to $30 stock price, we think that the expected fully diluted share count will be somewhere in the, let's say in the mid-70s, as sort of a starting point for the year. So $75 million, lets say, right in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: A couple of scattered ones here. First, Mike, could you address stimulus? What type of -- how material was that in '10? Is that going to be headwind, tailwind? Will that be a headwind, tailwind in '11, and just speaking to infrastructure and your business overall?
Michael Kneeland: It really affects the Trench business and the Trench business has seen a nice uptick as it went through the year. And as I mentioned, we're going to continue to invest in that line of business. So the stimulus dollars don't peak out until '11. I would say that, that area of the business will continue to go forward as we have been. It ramps up, but it peaks out in '11. But there's a lot of projects that are underway.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Shifting gears, if you do, in fact, end up 2011 doing the CapEx that's been discussed in the outlook, what type of OEC at the end of the year and what type of fleet age are we looking at? And how are you thinking about fleet age?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Our average for the year, and you can expect our fleet to probably up an average of $100 million for OEC on average. With regards to age, our age is going to be relatively flat. I'll put the goalposts  it could go a month in either direction. We're very comfortable with that. And we'll continue to monitor it. We still sell the oldest assets, and we're very active in our fleet management program.
William Plummer: In terms of the fleet size at the end of the year, you can back into it reasonably closely, but say the fleet goes up 175 to 200, in that range.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then finally, just on the self-insurance. Mike, could you speak to your safety record? Is there anything we should be concerned about? Just a progress update there.
Michael Kneeland: No, this is something that's very important to the company. It was also pointed out in our engagement surveys where we've got one of the highest scores on safety. We continue to improve our safety in all areas that Bill mentioned, both in general liability, our recordable rate as well as our automotive. So it's something that we take very seriously. And in fact, we have a program where every employee has to go through on an annual basis, including myself. And we're very stringent around safety. It's very core to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: But I did want to ask just a follow-up around the fleet age. As you gave color around CapEx spend being targeted, if I heard correctly, around earthmoving and industrial-type products and that aerial will become a lower percentage of the fleet mix, should that naturally take your fleet age down or not materially?
William Plummer: Not materially, I mean, if you think about it. I mean, obviously, when you buy new, it brings it down. But a lot of our aerial fleet, we refurbished, and we're going to hold on to it. And so you'll see that age out over time, especially a lot of the booms, and to a lesser degree, some of the larger forklifts. So we see that as a viable alternative to buying some of these assets. So that has an impact as well. But again, as I mentioned, it's going to fluctuate a month in either direction, and we're very comfortable. And you can see by the utilization that we have out there, that our service ability on these assets is just fine.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: This may sound completely counter to what everybody else is asking, but in the event of a double dip or another pullback, are you comfortable with the fleet age where it is? And how much longer would you want to age it or would you be comfortable taking it to?
Michael Kneeland: We haven't crossed that path yet, but aging it out does not scare me. We're always prepared for a double dip, if need be. We're not afraid to make those choices, whether it be selling assets or going through and doing what we have to, make hard choices. We've done that. We'll do it again if need be. I just don't think that, that's in the cards, but you never know. That's beyond our control at this point. But as far as aging the fleet out, if we had to age it out even further, it would not bother me. Our R&M expense would go up, but it wouldn't go up dramatically.
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer period of today's program. I'd like to turn the program back for any concluding remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, Operator. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. And as always, you're welcome for follow-up calls, here in branch, getting hold of Fred Bratman or visiting one of our locations. And I just want to remind everyone that next week, we're holding an Investor Day on February 11, in New York City, starting at noon Eastern Time. We will be webcasting the event to a link on our website, so I hope you join us. With that, I think that concludes today, and we'll talk to you after the first quarter. Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Kneeland  CEO and President William Plummer  EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Henry Kirn  UBS Manish Somaiya  Citi Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer David Wells  Thompson Research Group Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Third Quarter Earnings Investor Conference Call. Please be advised this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments by presenters and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator and good morning everyone and welcome. On the call as the operator stated is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of our senior management team. Im going to start this morning by summarizing the quarter for you particularly those metrics that relate to our strategy. I want to focus our discussion on the tie end between our strategy, our actions and our results. And Ill also talk to you about the operating environment and where we see the recovery going next. And then Bill later in the call will discuss  will cover all these in detail, all the results in detail and then after that, well take all of your questions. And so well start with the numbers. As you saw from our press release, we had a strong third quarter. We got some help from the environment in terms of demand, but for the most part we generally got a performance from the inside out by paying close attention to our strategy. As I shared with you in the past, that strategy is to transform the company for long-term profitability by defining on rentals according to our core business of rental, achieving customer service leadership in our industry, continuously improving our cost structure in fleet management, and leveraging our size by pivoting our customer base towards large construction in industrial accounts that we service to a single point of contract. And were being very disciplined about how we target these accounts while at the same time, pursuing more profitable rentals from our customer base at large. So as a result, we had positive net income of $23 million, and an EPS of $0.33 per share. When you compare that with the third quarter of last year, when we had a net income and earnings of zero. The change is even more dramatic on the adjusted basis with an EPS of $0.40 compared with $0.01 in last years third quarter. And weve repeatedly said that were only interested in profitable growth and here is the evidence. We increased our adjusted EBITDA dollars by 17% even though rental  total revenues increased by only 2%. Overall gross margin was up 1.9 percentage points for the quarter versus last year. In short, the numbers clearly show that we are delivering on our strategic priorities and were doing it within the context of a sharper recovery. Its true, the cycle is turning but its a slow turn. And Im happy to say that our performance has outpaced the construction environment for two straight quarters now. We know the construction spending in the US actually took a step backwards in July and August compared to last year. So Im happy to report that with ABI numbers that came in last night were actually up the first time since 2008. And we take that as a piece of positive news. With our rental revenues were up 6%, with that includes a same-store growth of 9.7%. Now these are all good indicators of how well positioned we are to leverage this recovery. We also continued to be diligent about cost. We took an additional $4 million of SG&A expense out of the business compared to last year. Thats a sustainable improvement and it puts us solidly on target with our projects. But the cost of rentals ex depreciation which is a metric influence by demand, volume increased by $12 million. And some of the demand is seasonal, some of its cyclical and some of it we believe is coming from our end markets opting to rent equipment rather than to purchase it. And when you take these external factors into account combining with the impact of our strategy, it helps explain the record time utilization we reported last night. Given these market opportunities, weve increased our strategic spend on fleet in the quarter by a $113 million. We also sold $74 million of used equipment at more than four times than margin we got last year. Again, another sign that things are stabilizing. We have a lot of discipline invested in both cost control and fleet management which is why we feel very comfortable reaffirming our free cash flow estimate for the year even with the projected increase in net rental CapEx. Bill will go over these numbers and elaborate on our full year outlook after I complete this. Now before I talked about the environment, I want to be very direct with you on the subject of rental rates. I know rates are hot topic right now. I also know that there are some mixed signals in terms of these  of the metrics being reported by our industry. As you saw last night, our own numbers showed record time utilization for the third quarter but our rates were still down 1.4% compared to last year. So whats going on here? Well, for one thing, rates in general are lagging utilization in the recovery as expected. Second, monthly rates are lagging daily weekly rates because our strategy is focused on large accounts about 71% of our transactions are monthly right now. Thats up about two points sequentially in year-over-year. And the inherent difference in rates is obvious when you break it down in rental term. For example, in our third quarter our monthly rates improved sequentially 1.7% while daily rates were up 3%. Thats almost twice the pace of monthly. The third factor is fleet mix. Aerial equipment accounts for roughly half of our fleet and weve said before dirt equipment gets rented first on projects followed by aerial. And we expect that aerial rates to be challenging in the short term and to some degree, they mask the environment in earthmoving and general rental rates. Overall, our rates have turned to corner and in the third quarter, rates improved 2% sequentially from the second quarter. And thats one of the largest sequential improvements weve seen. And since were focused on achieving a more optimum balance of pricing and time utilization, our target [ph] utilization is also improving up 2.9 percentage point year-over-year in the quarter. Thats good. But we planned to do a lot better. Now at this point, given current trends, we expect our rates to be flat or slightly positive year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And a continued trend upward as we go into the next year in the first quarter of 2011. Now we would normally be cautious by giving that outlook. But I have a lot of confidence in the discipline that were creating around rental rates. For example, our price optimization software called POR (ph) is now in place at all of branches except Trench. POR is giving us customer centric pricing, which essentially means our sales team now has a better understanding of optimal pricing. They know how far they can negotiate. And more importantly, they know when to walk away. Our price optimization is an example of how were continuing to invest in technology again to support our strategy. Another one is our mobile website which we announced last month. And when I look at all these initiatives I see our strategy at work, but I also see a marketplace that is ready to move away from the downturn. Now I want to share some information that were making available for the first time this morning. It supports what we hear from analyst and what our own employees report back for us in the field. And there are three good reasons to expect that rates will continue to trend upwards. In September, we surveyed over 1,600 of our customers with a wide range of rental spend. And to get their outlook on 2011, it excludes the gulf where the survey is being conducted this month. And the results come from contractors out there in the trenches while they live in the reality every day. 43% of those surveyed expect business to increase in 2011, 38% indicated a status quo or uncertain and only 19% think things will continue to go downhill. The greatest uncertainly appears to be in the west, particularly the Southwest. The greatest optimism comes from the customers in our Northeast Canada and Midwest regions. So were staying very close to our customers and listening to their input. Now let me tell you what our own branches are seeing out in the field. All nine of our regions show year-over-year growth in rental revenues in the third quarter. With the strongest being Northeast Canada, and the weakest being the East and the Southwest. And on a macro level, the picture is equally is encouraging. In the third quarter, our rental revenues were up year-over-year in 33 of our 48 states and all Canadian provinces. A 22 states and provinces now show year-over-year growth for 2010 through September. And our Trench, Power HVAC business had a good third quarter, up 6.8% in revenues and a 7.2% improvement in operating margin. And were seeing demand from several directions. So one thing, the stimulus money is still in play and we have Trench Safety systems on about a 150 stimulus jobs right now. Both Trench and Power HVAC are servicing more infrastructure projects. A public sectors together with growth in industrial are driving results in this business. I also want to mention the joint venture with AMECO that we announced in the August. This is initially focused on oil and gas customers in the gulf region. At this point all the pieces are in place and both partners are moving forward. And well keep you posted as things progress, but I think weve made it clear how excited we are to be able to pilot with this industrial venture with AMECO. Even without the joint venture, our industrial business contributed an additional $5 million of revenue in the third quarter versus last year. Industrial rentals are just one example of how were training our sales people to look beyond the traditional boundaries into construction industry and pursue any market that fits our strategy for profitable growth. As we identify these opportunities we are seeking our large customers where our scale has the most appeal particularly our ability to share fleet across our North American footprint. In the third quarter, national accounts accounted for about 29% of rental revenue, which is an increase both year-over-year and sequentially. And its worth noting that the increasing amount of our industrial business is coming from our national accounts. So as we grow our presence in the industrial sector, weve been guided by our customer segmentation strategy. The concept of staying true to our strategy informs every decision we make as we steer our company into the recovery. Its not going to be a smooth ride but when we look out at the markets, we see a customer choosing to rent more of equipment they need. So to manage some part of the strong momentum that were experiencing as we move into the two slowest quarters and it should help soften the effect of seasonality. Weve begun the process of putting our plans in place for 2011 and to really we can comment on that well share our thoughts. So now on that note, I will now ask Bill to review the results and then after that well take your questions. So over to you Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks Mike and good morning to everyone. As has become our tradition, Ill give some more detail on the quarter, revenues, our cost performance, little bit on the fleet, liquidity, update our outlook for 2010 and then touch on as Mike said, touch on 2011. On the revenue front, it was a good quarter almost any way you slice it, rental revenue in particular was up 6% year-over-year. Thats the first year-over-year increase weve had in a quarter since the first quarter of 2008. So its been a long time coming. Within that Mike mentioned the time utilization increase that we saw 71.3% time for the quarter, thats up 7.1 percentage points year-over-year and I think its legitimate to say that we didnt get it by shrinking the size of the fleet. Overall the size of the fleet averaged slightly smaller this year compared to last year. The time really came out of stronger demand. OEC on rent was up 11% year-over-year. Rates were working against us, so I think that makes that 6% revenue increase in rental revenue even more impressive, as Mike said rates were down 1.4% year-over-year. Although, they were up two percentage points sequentially for the quarter. And when you look within the quarter, in fact if you look over the last couple of quarters, on a sequential basis rates, have been sequentially positive for six consecutive months starting in April, theyve been up every month on a sequential basis. Now Mike highlighted some of the internals going on within rate for example, daily and weekly rates are clearly outperforming our monthly rates overall. And then when you look at equipment type, earthmoving and other general rentals categories are clearly outperforming aerial and forklifts. But overall, the trend is established in the right direction. And we certainly as always will continue to drive for better rate realization just across the board. The other area of revenue that I wanted to focus a little bit of time on is used equipment sales. We sold $32 million in proceeds of used equipment during the third quarter. While although its down versus last year, youll all recall that we were selling at record levels of used equipment sales last year. So there should be no surprise that the proceeds came down. On an OEC basis, we sold $74 million of OEC in the quarter and that was down as well versus $100 million or so that we sold last year. The good news is that we achieved a margin on our used sales this quarter of 31.3%. And as has been in the case for the prior two quarters of this year, the margin story is really heavily driven by the distribution channel. We sold 57% of what we sold in the third quarter through retail. And supported by used equipment pricing, the trends in used equipment pricing continued to be positive backed by the Rouse data that we received, but also by our own individual experience in selling into the market. So the used equipment market continues to be robust and well continue to use it very effectively to manage our fleet. On the cost side, cost of rentals were actually up year-over-year in the quarter, $237 million, up $12 million compared to last year. And really that cost performance is the tale of two cities. When you look into the fixed cost of our cost of rentals, we continue to lever good to  to deliver good cost performance on the fixed cost component of our cost structure. So when you look at salaries and benefits, you look at facilities cost, other structural fixed cost components, we continued to deliver reductions in those components. Its just being outstripped by the variable cost components that are flowing with the increased rental volume. So when you look at repair and maintenance, delivery, fuel costs, those kinds of cost components that really are driven by how many transactions you do, they are up. And theyve offset the saves that we realized on the fixed cost side. Thats prompted us to reevaluate our outlook for cost performance over the remainder of 2010. And we are now saying that we expect cost of rentals ex depreciation to be a save of 15, or excuse me $5 million to $15 million compared to last year. Longer term, were still very comfortable that weve improved significantly the cost structure of this business and still feel very good about our work against the fixed cost components of our business. The story on SG&A is better. SG&A was down $4 million year-over-year. And the benefits are still coming out of the same places that weve been talking about. So salaries and benefits, those are really driven by headcount, and the headcount reductions have continued albeit at a somewhat smaller pace than in prior quarters. Professional fees are still a very nice source of save for us as we continued to be disciplined about our spend there. The bad debt experienced in the quarter was higher. We actually had year-over-year about $6 million negative in bad debt, and that reflects primarily the larger size of accounts receivable as weve driven higher revenue. We also had a slight deterioration in the aging of our portfolio but the real driver was the size of the AR balance causing that $6 million negative year-over-year comparison for SG&A. All in all, we feel very good about SG&A and in fact we are reaffirming our target for a full year SG&A reduction of $40 million to $50 million. Obviously, weve got $37 million of that in our pocket already year-to-date. So we feel very comfortable that well be able to achieve the target that we gave of $40 million to $50 million. Looking at the profit lines, adjusted EBITDA came in at $216 million for the quarter. And thats at a 35.7% adjusted EBITDA margin, 460 basis points better than last year and to Mikes point obviously were taking full advantage of the increased operating leverage that weve built into the business from lower cost. So a great story there. Thats in spite of a decline year-over-year in rental rates, I think is very encouraging. EPS, similar story there. Adjusted EPS of $0.40 for the quarter. And the drivers are the same as the EBITDA drivers that I talked about. It is worth noting that in calculating EPS, we used a tax rate for the quarter of 39.5% and I pointed out simply because in the second quarter, we talked about a 54% tax rate as what we were thinking about going forward. That change in tax rate we can talk about in Q&A if anybody wants to get into it but as we look at the fourth quarter, we think something like the low 40s to mid-40s is the right way to think about the tax rate to apply to the fourth quarter income. And well continue to update obviously if anything major changes there. Just a couple of quick words on our fleet management in the quarter. We have continued to drive optimal use of our fleet, one of the ways we talk about that is the amount of fleet that we transfer within our system. And the transfers were strong again in the third quarter, $1.6 billion of fleets transferred during the quarter. Its about 42% of our fleet overall moving during the quarter. And obviously we talked about how we believe that helps us more effectively utilize the investment that weve made in fleet. In managing our used equipment sales for the quarter, we continue to execute our strategy of selling the older equipment first. So our used sales for the quarter came in at an age, at average age of 78 months, consistent with where weve been over the last couple of years, and again consistent with the strategy. Our net rental CapEx investment for the quarter was $81 million, that comprised of a $113 million of gross capital spend and the $32 million of used sales proceeds that I mentioned previously. Year-to-date we spend $287 million of gross CapEx. And that spend has been as weve talked about before, its been directed towards supporting the growth that were seeing with large accounts, supporting the reshaping the mix of our fleet and making sure that were making good decisions about the components that we have that need to be addressed and need to provide the maximum rental experience for our customers. Where were buying, is in earthmoving equipment, a heavy proportion of the spend there. Were obviously replacing aerial, when aerial is nearly half of your fleet, youre certainly going to spend to replace there. But were also disproportionately spending on other general rentals categories like light towers, compressors supporting in the areas like water trucks, pickup trucks and other important general rental categories. Given our spending in the quarter in what weve done year-to-date, we feel very comfortable with spending more to support the environment that we are managing in and so as we look at 2010 we now believe that well spend net rental CapEx in the range of $180 million to $200 million thats up from the $160 million to $180 million that we had guided to last quarter. Free cash flow for the quarter was solid, $37 million in the quarter and that brings us to a $144 million for the year-to-date. And again thats very well in line with the guidance that weve previously given of full year free cash flow in the $200 million to $225 million range. That obviously in spite of the lowered cost saves on cost of rent and in spite of the higher spend on net rental CapEx. So we feel very good about being able to preserve that kind of free cash flow. Our liquidity position, ended the quarter strong again. We ended with roughly $860 million of total liquidity and so we feel very comfortable with the position of the capital structure currently and how it supports our business. As it relates to the capital structure, Ill just touch real briefly on the bond deal that we issued press release around this morning, many of you saw that Im sure. We are now saying that we expect to issue 10 years of senior subordinated notes and the notion there is to use to proceeds to redeem our 7  % notes that are maturing in 2013. This is consistent with our ongoing strategy of making sure that the maturity within our debt is well managed and pushed out far enough so that we dont have any undue concerns about refinancing needs in the near terms. We will be in the market today. We expect the issue to go well and we expect that we will price and finalize terms over the next couple of days. Just real quickly on our 2010 outlook, I think I had touched on most of the components of our outlook but just to reaffirm our SG&A guidance for the 2010 full year is still expected to be a reduction of $40 million to $50 million, so no change there. Our cost of equipment rentals, we now expect a reduction of between $5 million and $15 million for the full year, thats down from the $30 million to $50 million that we had previously guided to. Net rental CapEx, we expect to spend between a $180 million and $200 million, thats up from the previous range of $160 million to $180 million. And then free cash flow, no change there between $200 million and $225 million. Real briefly on 2011, as we look down the road weve started making some high-level decisions but we are certainly deep into budgeting process as we speak. Still we thought it was appropriate to give you some highlights as were thinking about 2011. So on the rate front, Mike said that we expect if trends continue that the fourth quarter of this year will finish out with rates flat to up slightly year-over-year, if we achieve that, then going into 2011 well have nice momentum and in fact if we achieve that fourth quarter performance and then just kept those rates flat throughout 2011, we would experience carryover in 2011 of about two percentage points year-over-year. Obviously, well drive from more than that but I just wanted to give that data point that there is a couple of points of carryover in 2011 as we think about it today. On the CapEx front for 2011. Weve said this in one on ones, but wanted to say it here more specifically. Our gross and net rental CapEx spend next year will be more in 2011 than it is this year. And in fact I think wed say now that it would be significantly more. Somebody is going to ask me what I mean by significant in Q&A and Ill tell you that we dont have that number yet but what were thinking for 2011 based on the good momentum that weve seen with key relationships from 2010, were going to need to spend to support those relationships as well as to continue to position the fleet for where we wanted to be over the long haul. That said, we still expect that we will deliver positive free cash flow in 2011. And again somebody is going to ask me well what does positive free cash flow means its somewhere between zero and infinity. So we can talk about that in more detail as we go forward as well. Those are the comments I wanted to make. Maybe Ill stop there and open it up for Q&A and we can take it from there. So, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Henry Kirn from UBS. Your question please.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Hi good morning guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Henry.
William Plummer: Henry.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Could you dive a little deeper into the increase you saw in time utilization this quarter. Is there any way to attribute the improvement between the secular shift to rental, the underlying demand improvements in what youre doing on the fleet management and mix side? And maybe any other bucket Im missing?
William Plummer: Ill take a first stab at Henry. Its really hard to decompose it into those kind of buckets. I do think that its fair to say that the seasonal pattern was stronger this year. And so that certainly helped. We are  weve argued earlier in the year that this years seasonal pattern seemed to be stronger than where its been over the last several years, certainly stronger than last year. And so if you think about 7.1 percentage points of year-over-year time utilization improvement, Id hate to put a number on how much of that is just seasonal, excuse me that year-over-year will have a seasonal component. Id hate to put a number on how much of that is broken out into the other buckets. That said, weve got nice growth in our key account relationships year-over-year in the quarter. So clearly a portion of it is just growing those key account relationships. Mike, Ill let you put a number on how much of it might be to shift to secular, secular shift to rental versus owning. But Id say that thats a smaller component of that year-over-year change. Its just really hard to put numbers on it.
Michael Kneeland: Yes Henry, its Mike. It is very difficult, I mean what we can say is that when you look at a year-over-year basis, last year its safe to say that we really didnt see any kind of seasonal uptick at all, it was very lackluster I think because of where the economy was and the lack of any kind of visibility and the uncertainty in the financial markets. Seasonality has returned. The one thing I can tell you is that we look at and its on a year-over-year basis, our new accounts are up. So that means people are looking at ways to rent. Theyre up about 15% year-to-date on a year-over-year basis. So but as Bill mentioned its very difficult to quantify the numbers specifically.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thats helpful. And as a follow-up, given your increased focus on sharing a fleet, how high do you think you could get time utilization over the course of the cycle when demand picks up?
William Plummer: So Henry, weve talked about over the course of the year getting time up into the high 70s. As we sit here I think 67% over the course of the entire year would be a very high level of time utilization for this company. Could we do better than that? Yes, we probably could. But as were seeing right now operating at these levels of time utilization involves some operational challenges based on how we run the business historically. And so were going to have to figure out better ways, new ways and different ways of operating in order to be able to sustain these kinds of time utilization levels at reasonable costs. Were going through that right now, were learning those processes but we as an executive team are convinced that we can operate in the high 60s. I think we put 67% as the target in our sort of normalized EBITDA analysis last quarter and I think thats a good indication of where we think we can drive it to on a sustainable basis.
Henry Kirn  UBS: And one final one if I could. How should we think about the cadence of the repricing by customer type, across your book of business?
William Plummer: Im sorry, ask that question again.
Michael Kneeland: Were checking up.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Sorry, how should we think about the cadence of repricing by customer type across your book of business. Does industrial take longer to get repriced than the contractor fleet, etcetera?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Henry its Mike. The way in which we setup our contracts are, there is a kind of a range in which we work within. It is the range would be from the global perspective not to exceed pricing. So you have a bandwidth in which you can work within the current markets. In other areas, we have the regional differences because of cost structures and where theyre located. I think each one is priced accordingly. Typically, these are one year to three year in duration. So we do have flexibility within the contract itself.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thats helpful. Thanks a lot. Nice quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manish Somaiya from Citi. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Manish.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Hi Mike, congratulations and good morning to everyone. Couple of quick questions, Bill on CapEx. When you said significantly higher CapEx, Im not asking for the amount, but Im just asking for is it going to be more concentrated in earthmoving or aerials?
William Plummer: Yes, we havent definitively laid out that level of detail in the CapEx spend for 2011, but I do think its fair to say that I would be shocked if we dont end up spending sort of relative to the breakdown of our fleet, the mix of our fleet today. Id be shocked if we didnt spend more than the current earthmoving share of our fleet on earthmoving, less than the current share of aerial on aerial, more than the current share on trench and other general rental categories on those categories. And probably not dramatically different on forklifts. So I know thats high level and just directional but we want to continue that trend, right? We want to continue to focus on reshaping the fleet away from aerial toward earthmoving and then supporting the growth that were seeing in general rental categories especially driven by industrial relationships as well growth in Trench and Power and HVAC. So thats where our spend is going to end up.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Okay, thank you. Michael, two questions for you on AMECO JV. Do you have a revenue or EBITDA or industrial penetration type targets that we should benchmark against?
Michael Kneeland: Its too early, I the both  AMECO and ourselves have gotten together and were putting a plan together. As Bill mentioned were going through our planning. They are as well. As things start to develop, we will be open to share those with you. Its too early to tell at this time, Manish.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Okay. And then just on the bigger picture, the industry obviously with the ABI Index indicates at least hopefully initial step in the recovery process. The question really is on how impactful will the regionals be in the future? Is that a model that can exist, is it sustainable or do you think that they might just need to consolidate?
Michael Kneeland: Its a great question. Its one I often get and its somewhat complicated to answer it back, but let me give you a try. I think yes there is always going to be an area for regionals. I do think that regionals have been severely punished and pressured in this downturn. The question is accessibility to the capital markets and whether they can, like anyone else be able to sustain the capital structure and maintain their growth and their profitability to exist. So I do think that they will continue, there will be pockets, but I do think that they will always be pressured. Its kind of one of those things where youre not small enough, and youre not big enough on the same coin. I will tell you that historically there has been a lot of growth for regionals. And I do believe that there will be further consolidation in our industry. Our industry is still immature and its still very fragmented. So it wouldnt surprise to me to see a continuation of consolidation.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Okay. And then just lastly for Bill. Bill, you mentioned the gross margin on the used equipment, you said that the mix helped with the higher margins but compared to some of the peers in the industry, your margins have been running quite strong and I guess the one question I have is I just want to make sure that the book basis of used equipment sold, was it ever impaired?
William Plummer: There might  in the current quarter there might have been some, I cant remember whether we had any impairment impacts only what we sold in the current quarter. Chris is shaking his head, no. Yes, Im just trying to remember the timing of when we sold the Mexico assets which we may have impaired previously but that was in second quarter of was it third quarter? But regardless even if it was third quarter, it would be a small portion of overall, the overall sales. So there is nothing unusual going on in the book basis of what were selling even in the third quarter or fourth across the entirety of this year. It answers your question.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Yes, I just wanted to make sure. Thank you again and best of luck.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Hey good morning guys. Going back to the CapEx discussion, I mean is that number that youre kind of thinking about, is that designed to bring the age of the fleet down, I mean youve talked about in the past you know kind of a maintenance CapEx level. Should we think about plus or minus that maintenance levels, what youre thinking?
William Plummer: Seth, its not specifically  the thought process is not specifically that we need to bring the age of the fleet down. Our view is that we can operate very comfortably at or above where we think well end the year on fleet age. So thats not the driving consideration for our thoughts about how much CapEx to spend next year. Its a factor but its not the driving factor. Were really more focused on what do we need to spend to support the relationships that weve deemed strategically to be the most important. And then how do we remix the fleet and then how do we make sure that were addressing the replacement of the units across our portfolio that we think could interfere with the customers rental experience. Those are the prime thoughts that will lead us to a CapEx number. Its just become very so far to our planning process that that number is going to be significantly higher than it is this year. I dont know that I can say much more than that at this point, I wish I could.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Let me ask you in different way, and do you expect the age of the fleet to come down next year?
William Plummer: Havent definitely decided. What I can promise you is that we will make sure that wherever the age of the fleet goes next year that its not getting in the way of our ability to generate revenue. If we operated next year in the low 50s, I dont think that would be a problem. Obviously thats higher in fleet age than where we are today and so that would suggest that we could spend less than sort of the level that weve talked about needing to keep the age constant.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
William Plummer: I wish there was more definitive answer that we can give you right now but were still thinking a lot of these issues through.
Michael Kneeland: And Seth were going through our plan process, this is Michael, going through our plan process. But the way in which we look at the world is based on demand and returns and our customers, those are going to be some of the driving forces that well be looking at very closely as Bill mentioned, I think weve proven, the industry will prove that time utilization can go back up and age is not the deciding factor on that, its how well you maintain it. It to us its about discipline and demand in where were going to put our money to get our returns.
William Plummer: And just dont lose track of the fact that we did say free cash flow positive next year. So thats a constrain, and a constrain quite honestly that well flex based on how active the market is next year. If we get better rate performance then sort of were thinking about right now. If we get that better volume demand than were thinking about right now, than we may flex the amount of spend up. If we dont get it, we may flex the amount of spend down. Thats why its so important for us to get through this planning process to have a better sense from our regions of where we think were going to end up on the cash from upside and then well nail a CapEx number coming out of that.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Right, and do you think that used equipment sales will be about flat next year?
William Plummer: I think theyll go up as well. Again dont have a definitive view of how much theyll go up but if were going to spend more were going to make sure that were taking out as part of that greater spend, taking out the units that needs to be taken out and we wont be shy about doing that. So Id say used sales will go up next year. Will it go up proportionately? Yet to be decided.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a follow-up question on the fourth quarter pricing commentary. Is that  so youre talking about pricing up year-over-year, can you give us what that would equate to on a sequential basis?
Michael Kneeland: Sequential basis I think its like 0.75%.
William Plummer: So I think for the quarter if we got sort of what were thinking about for the quarter, itd be a little less than that. Itll be sequentially the quarter would be flat to up just a little bit.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Flat, so from 3Q to 4Q flat up a little bit?
William Plummer: Exactly.
William Plummer: Which the seasonal pattern of our industry is we get into November and things start coming off rents. So that tends to put a little bit of downward pressure on pricing late in the year and early in the year for the winter months as well. So thats not a shock that we might be around flat in the fourth quarter maybe up just a touch.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Right, so that was the spirit of my question was how much of  how good is your visibility there, I mean is that being driven by longer-term contracts that youve singed recently that you can definitely say that you have that in the bag or do you think that the markets just getting better?
William Plummer: We certainly have some longer-term relationships that weve signed this year that gives us some more visibility. I would say though its mainly just reasoning from where were standing right now in terms of the amount of equipment thats on rent. Were at a high level of OEC on rent and on time utilization of our fleet as you can tell. Fourth quarter has started out with good momentum coming in from the third quarter. So were starting from a pretty high level of overall demand and we think that that will itll fall off seasonally but it will fall off less severely than it has over the last couple of years and the momentum on rates has been positive enough so that the seasonal impact will be as negative as maybe it is usually. So thats the reasoning that we apply to say that we could get flat year-over-year and flattish kind of sequentially.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Was pricing up in September year-over-year?
William Plummer: We havent addressed that explicitly, I guess in the past weve given the month year-over-year. So yes, in for penny, in for a pound. September was not up year-over-year for the month, it was down.
Michael Kneeland: Zero point five.
William Plummer: Yes, 0.5%.
Michael Kneeland: Zero point five. Yes, 0.5.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Your question please.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning guys. Just following up on that last question. Bill, youve breached in the past, could you give us a little color on the months by months pricing sequentially through the third quarter please?
William Plummer: Mike, you want to do it?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, Ill do it. In the month of July, it was down negative 2.3, August was down to negative 1.4 and as I just mentioned September was down 0.5. Those are year-over-year numbers.
William Plummer: Those are year-over-years by month and I guess I would only add that the down in July reflected what was a very strong comparison month last year. The July comp was through the roof last year. And so I think that was the key driver for that down to change for that month. Weve reestablished the trend that we expected here in August and especially in September and what were seeing so far in November gives us confidence in the statement weve made about rates.
William Plummer: And if I want to give you the sequential its 0.8 for July, 0.7 for August and 1.4 for September.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Great, thanks a lot guys. And then on just could you speak to pricing overall out in the industry. What are you seeing from the national players, the regional players, the level of discipline. Where is it now that were into the fourth quarter to the extent you can comment on that? Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Well I think that that everyone is being good stewards of the industry and doing their best to get rates up. Thats a general comment Im getting across all of my regions and my branches as I go on visits. Is there pockets? Yes, there is always going to be pockets. Is there going to be one where we see competitive pricing. I think the area that we see the most competitive pricing is in aerial. In aerial, the aerial players are scattered across North America and you can take that from small to medium. But I think overall the industry is waking up and responding to need to improve on prices. And by the way the industry overall is healing as I mentioned before its going out into the second quarter, used prices improving continue. We are seeing time utilization improve and my sense is that will be across the industry as a whole and as a result of that pricing will follow.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Thanks. One more if I could, Bill probably more targeted towards you, with positive momentum on SG&A relative to your guidance and obviously with the strong revenue on cost of service a little bit with the variable in the different direction. For us building out our models in 011 and into the out years, where should we anticipate grabbing the majority of the leverage of those two line items and just a little bit more on how youre thinking about that? Thanks.
William Plummer: So Im sorry, youre strictly focused on the selling and G&A components of SG&A. Is that your question?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: No, no cost of services, yes cost of rental versus SG&A and yes with a little bit of itemization of sales versus G&A if you could.
William Plummer: Yes, so again Ill plead the planning process to a some extent but I would  if youd ask me that question a couple of months ago I might have had a slightly different answer on the cost of rent components that I have today, given the momentum were seeing on volume demand and the variable cost drivers there, Im probably less optimistic about a dramatic reduction in cost of rent next year. I know that weve got some initiatives that will help us address some of the fixed cost components I just think that the variable cost components could be a pretty strong headwind if the kind of volume demand that were seeing continues into next year. So that ones is a harder one to say that well have absolute dollar saves year-over-year next year, or how much those dollar saves might be. SG&A I think Im more optimistic that while we should have selling cost increase next year that there is some other initiatives on the G&A cost components that we could use to offset those. Im not ready to put a number on the page just yet. Im hopeful that well be able to target further SG&A reductions next year. But Id want to get through my planning process before I can say that with any conviction.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Sure enough and thanks for that color.
William Plummer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Wells from Thompson Research Group. Your question please.
David Wells  Thompson Research Group: Hi everyone.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, how are you?
David Wells  Thompson Research Group: Doing well. I guess first off, I appreciate these colors regarding the difference between the daily and the monthly rates. Just to get a sense of the elasticity. Are you finding that when you have a monthly rate that comes off, if a customer is renewing, are you being able to push that pricing up or you finding some push back from customers as you to try to move the right needle?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, this is Mike. The way in which we measure that would be sequence one which would be first sequence as they come out. And to your point were seeing the monthly rates improve as they come off rent and they go back out on rent. And thats on a global site of all of our assets collectively. So its a fair comment.
William Plummer: So maybe if I can say exactly what you said, in maybe a few different words, sequence one is the first billing cycle of a new rental. So that gives you an indication of the new rate thats being established with that new rental. When you just look at those transactions the monthly rate is up as Mike said. When you look at the monthly revenue components that are from the mix of new transactions plus outstanding transactions that billed on a monthly cycle, the monthly rate is not as attractive.
David Wells  Thompson Research Group: Thats helpful though. And then just looking at the location count in the quarter, continuing to find locations to close as you look at the store count going into next year, what are your thoughts on that and is there room for additional cost takeout just from a consolidation of locations?
Michael Kneeland: This is Michael. As weve said that were always looking at our optimizing our footprint and we will continue to look at where we can optimize overall. As we said before we continued to look at this and make sure that and the idea is that not lose any market share or to capture the revenue once we leave, a lot of these are consolidations. And some would take longer to sink them through than others. But were going to continue to just process. Going back to even what one of the other comments on cost overall. This is a dedicated team thats focused on cost reductions. Were not going to let off just because weve got a good quarters behind us. Were going to continue to focus on trying to drive efficiencies. So it is still an area that we were focused on. I would also point out that we also had some cold starts as well in our branch count and were focusing on growing the areas of profitable growth. So were going to do both going forward.
David Wells  Thompson Research Group: Thats helpful as well. And then I guess an additional question regarding that the cost savings that youve seen just looking at I guess second quarter to third quarter, you saw almost 350 basis point of adjusted EBITDA margin improvement. Is there anything from like a onetime perspective that would have been a benefit in the quarter or is that just more a function of the cost takeout being leveraged as you get additional rental rate, excuse me additional rental revenues through the door.
William Plummer: There is nothing that would have been a significant onetime benefit, no individual action, I might add that I called out the $6 million year-over-year change in bad debt, so on a year-over-year basis that hurts us sequentially its probably not a dramatic change in bad debt. So Im not thinking of anything on a second quarter to third quarter comparison basis that was unique or significant in that improvement in margin.
David Wells  Thompson Research Group: Great, thank you so much.
William Plummer: Okay.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli from Deutsche Bank. Your question please.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon.
William Plummer: Hi.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: So the first question is the bond offering that you guys have in the market today, would you consider upsizing that to also take out your 7% notes or do you prefer to have two sub tranches in your cash structure?
William Plummer: Phil, its Bill. Well continue to evaluate the strategy as we see how the demand develops. The notion going in was as we said 500 to take out the 7 . If its blow out demand, well give full consideration to upsizing and acting on the sevens. That would be sort of a logical thought process if we had more money. So go out and tell your folks to buy and well see if we can face that question.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: It sounds good. And then on the one and seven-eighths, I saw you had $93 million put-back to you. The $22 million that remained outstanding. Are they still putable to you or did that expired?
William Plummer: It was one time put at this time, there is another put in three years that they have available to them.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Okay, last question and probably more philosophical. Clearly some of the regional players out there are I guess in more difficulty that you guys are at this point in the cycle. What is the thought process in terms of do you prefer greenfield starts or do you prefer to make a larger acquisition?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. The reality with this is as I mentioned we have five cold starts that we put out there. So were not afraid to do both, but to be clear it has to be strategic, it has to fit with our strategic vision of where we want to take this company that weve articulated to everybody. But wed always be interested in looking and seeing if they do fit strategically, but well take it as it goes.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Okay so there is nothing  youre not actively looking out there at acquisitions. Its more  if something comes along youll take a look at it?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, were always, were always scouring to see what opportunities exist out there. Were not going to be sitting idle. Its a matter of making sure that if we can find something were interested in it. And thats what my team does and well continue to focus.
Philip Volpicelli  Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital. Your question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Emily.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Hi how are you guys?
Michael Kneeland: Good.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Just two quick ones for you, the first one is more housekeeping. On the AR securitization if I have it right, it actually matures I think a year from today. When will you start looking at renewing that? Is that within the year or just much closer to the actual maturity?
William Plummer: Yes, Emily we will look at it on an ongoing basis. We havent set a definitive time in which we want to renew it. And I guess Im a little bit relaxed about it just because those facilities have been so readily available even through the turmoil last year, they were readily available. Our lenders were coming in saying hey we want more money basically. So well look at it on an ongoing basis and I think well pull the trigger as we line up set of banks and a set of conditions that we think look favorable. So stay tuned.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then my last and final one is just more of a bigger picture one, clearly before the consumer driven recession you guys had forged leveraged down quite nicely. What is your larger picture view on what the appropriate leverage target is for URI and I know obviously you will have growth in there, but how are you thinking about leverage over the next couple of years?
William Plummer: Yes, so I think what weve talked about internally and Ive probably have said it externally as well is that, there is two ways to approach that, one is to flip the question around and say how do I feel about the level of leverage that Im at today or that I got to last year in the most severe downturn that weve seen a long time. And the answer was we felt comfortable with the level of depth that we carried even in the depths of last year. And so you can kind of back into what debt-to-EBITDA ration in that environment was and infer that we would be comfortable there. Lets say that we got up to something in the 4.5 to 5 times that the EBITDA range at the depths of last year on a trailing 12 basis. That probably defines the upper side of that leverage measure that wed look at. Id peg a number Id just 4.5 if we had a choice of actively managing it on high side. On the low side, weve thought about the philosophy of the capitalization of this company quite a lot actually over the last year and a half. And we feel comfortable operating at levels of leverage that imply being a high-yield issuer. At the low end of the range 3.5 times debt-to-EBITDA is something that we think is probably a good place to look for the minimum of leverage. You go much beyond that and you start to lose some of the cost of capital benefits that we see from being a highly levered company. So thats the range that I talk about generally, 3.5 to 4.5. And Id say well operate that way unless there is something really extreme one way or the other.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: And just as a follow-up, I really appreciate that color Bill, as you look at, I mean youre obviously throwing up some pretty nice cash this year and as you indicated youre expecting free cash flow positive next year, your leverage could naturally work down below that 3.5 times if you think about that priority for free cash. What are you targeting?
William Plummer: Well on the surface, well certainly continue to drive down debt until we get to the low end of that range. Were not going to be religions about 3.5, I mean if sort of the natural momentum of our business making the decisions, the operating decisions that we want to make takes us to slightly lower number than that, okay fine, we can do that for a while. So I dont know that we would go out of our way at the point we reached 3.5 to say oh my goodness, now Ive got to do something differently. But at the same time we do think that weve got operating objectives and some of those we might address more aggressively if we are getting towards the lower end of the range. For example, spending a little bit more on rental CapEx if it makes sense from an investment perspective. So well balance all of those things as we go forward but itd be a high class problem to have to figure out how to manage or leverage ratio thats too low.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
William Plummer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question and answer session in todays program. Id like to turn the program back to Mr. Kneeland for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you operator. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today. Please feel free to join us any time or call us up here in Greenwich. And if you would like to go see one of our facilities, please get a hold of Fred Bratman. And if you go to our website you can download the investor presentation which has updates from last night. And also Id like to point out that we also have a new page out there on our call center which explains how this service is growing and the importance this as a competitive advantage. So with that, that concludes todays call. Thank you very much and looking forward our next earnings call. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in todays conference call. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 11:01:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Strategy Committee William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs Matt Leach Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers Christopher Doherty Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. David Wells - Avondale Partners
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter Investor Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, note that the companys press release, comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, as well as the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. On the call with me today is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of our senior management team.  I want to start with a quick overview of the results we reported last night, and then focus on the metrics that indicate changes that are starting to take effect in our markets and within our company. I'll talk about the drivers of change, the seasonal, cyclical and our strategy in particular, and share some insights into what kind of demand we expect to see over the next six to 12 months. But still too early to speak in absolutes, but the second quarter did shed some light on the cycle As you saw in our press release, we had a strong quarter. The environment is better. Our strategy is taking hold. We're more optimistic than we have been for some time, and we appear to be seeing the early stages of an upturn. And while we continue to bear down on cost, our focus is now on growing the business. So let's start with the results We made money in the second quarter. Last year, revenues were slightly higher in the period but gross profit was lower and earnings per share was negative. So it's clear that we've improved the business from top to bottom. EBITDA is up. We reported a significant increase in adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter from 24.4% last year to 32.1% this year. There's a lot of discipline behind those numbers starting with the revenue line. Our rental revenues outperformed the operating environment in the second quarter. Total non-residential construction spending, which includes both private and public construction was down 16.1% in April year-over-year and down 15.2% in May. And you compare that to our rental revenues, which were down less than 1% for the quarter. At the same time, our same-store rental revenues were actually up 2.7%. So going hard after the business that's out there, implementing our market strategy, identifying and going after the right types of customers and winning more profitable jobs, but we're staying very aware of the quality of our revenues, not just the quantity. We'll talk more about our strategy in just a moment Now on the cost side, we took $11 million of SG&A expense out of the business compared to the second quarter last year. We also brought down our cost of equipment rentals x depreciation by $4 million. Bill will talk in just a moment about where we are in these initiatives and what we see for the balance of the year. With CapEx, we've a lot of bandwidth to react to the market conditions. We bought $125 million of new fleet in the second quarter. We also sold $80 million of used OEC at 24.3% margin. And we ended the quarter with $3.8 billion of fleet with an average age of 45 months. So we're very disciplined around the use of our capital and CapEx. At the same time, managing our liquidity very carefully and despite buying more fleet then we originally planned, still generated positive free cash flow of $8 million in the quarter.  Now I'll spend a few minutes to talk about the two dynamics that drive our numbers. Rental rates and utilization. As you saw, rates were down 2% in the quarter year-over-year. Still a lot of pressure on pricing out there but if you dissect the quarter, the sequential trends are promising. We are continuing to focus very intensely on rates. It's a huge priority for our business, and I would say for the industry as well.  We estimate that every point of rate is worth about $18 million of annual EBITDA to us, so I can assure you we're doing everything in our power to reverse the year-over-year trend on rates. Our approach is very informed and very disciplined. We're working to achieve the optimal price on every contract. We're also walking away from unprofitable deals and we're implementing the price optimization software, which we call core, which if you recall is about dynamic pricing, each price subject to that type of customer. The core is currently rolled out to 75% of our branches and we'll complete it by the end of August. Right now, short-term transactional business is trending upwards as it always does in the spring and summer. Smaller construction projects coming on line, they typically are daily and weekly rentals and they involve less price negotiation, better rates In the second quarter, about 70% of our business was monthly. Monthly rates are always going to recover last because equipment stays out for longer periods of time at fixed rates. Monthly rates are still a good long-term strategy for us and are more profitable over time, but they also recover last. Still, 30% of our districts in the U.S. and Canada showed a year-over-year rate improvement in the second quarter The other dynamic I mentioned is utilization. As you know, a combination of rates and time utilization drive dollar utilization in our business. Yesterday, we reported a record second quarter time utilization of 65.4%. Our dollar utilization increased to 46.7%, which is 1.8 percentage points higher than last year. It's worth noting that we had $40 million of original equipment [ph] (22:34) cost on rent more compared to last year. And even though the average size of our fleet actually decreased by $186 million.  So where's demand coming from? We believe that we're seeing the early stages of a cyclical uptick on top of the normal seasonal benefit. The tight credit markets are also helping us with our access to capital, more contractors are renting equipment as opposed to buying it. And from a macro standpoint, we're definitely seeing more spending in public construction. The public transportation sector in particular is showing year-over-year growth in spending -- Residential construction is recovering in some trade areas but it's not a big market for us, but everything else. Infrastructure jobs are now beginning to come online and energy and hospital construction is holding steady. The weak link is commercial construction. There's very little activity and we expect it to recover last. Now taking a look at it from a geography standpoint, our key indicator is same-store rental revenue and six of our nine operating regions showed a year-over-year growth in the second quarter. Canada continues to be strong especially northeast Canada. And in the U.S., we're seeing activity increased by trade area rather than broad regional patterns. But revenues increased in parts of the Southeast driven by demand for general construction equipment. And the Southeast had year-over-year growth and rental revenues In the Gulf, we saw choppy growth and the region, as a whole, is basically flat. However, if you set aside the impact of Mexico, which we sold the Briggs halfway through the quarter, rental revenue for the Gulf was actually up year-over-year. Now our weakest geographies are still the Southwest and some of the markets to the central part of the U.S., although we're beginning to see pockets of opportunity in both those regions Now I want to mention our Trench, Power and HVAC business, which reported a 13% increase in rental revenues in the second quarter; obviously, getting a boost from stimulus spending. Our Trench business has equipment currently, today, on 194 stimulus jobs. They're mostly infrastructure projects and we expect to see stimulus spending last for at least another 12 months or maybe longer The Power and HVAC rentals is a growth area for us in that business. Our teams responded to floods this spring in Rhode Island and Tennessee and we're currently, supplying power and climate control to a number of cleanup camps in the Gulf. Right now, we're averaging approximately $250,000 of rental revenues per month related to the oil spill. So basically, it's very choppy out there but things are getting better. We can sense it in the field as well. Customers are telling us they're bidding more jobs although it's still extremely competitive. Now we're cautiously optimistic but a little less cautious and more optimistic than we were in April.  At the same time, we're not relying on the external environment. we're taking control by driving some of the performance from the inside, using our customer segmentation strategy to focus on building relationships with large construction and industrial customers service to our single point of contact. And we know from experience that large customers are less cyclical and more stable. They appreciate our broad footprint across North America and they almost have an untapped share of wallet that we could earn at a lower cost. Now we signed 130 new National Accounts to June 30. Now 40% of those were industrial accounts. Now as you can see, we're moving closer to our goal of 30% of revenue from the industrial market. It will take some time to get there but each quarter brings us closer and I have all the confidence that we'll achieve our goal. Now segmentation is a larger part of our go-to-market strategy called, "Operation United". It includes optimization of our fleet footprint, corporate operations and most importantly, our customer service capabilities Now I said many times, service is a critical differentiator for us, particularly in our industry. If we get service right, the revenues will follow. And we received some good news with service recently with our net promoter store. They told the customers, especially larger customers, are recognizing how committed we are to customer service. That's gratifying for our employees because they're the ones on the front lines driving customer satisfaction. Now I mentioned that we're pivoting the company toward revenue generation. That's going to be the story going forward, it's about growth and value creation. In addition to segmentation, we have a number of revenue initiatives underway, some of which I started talking about in the first quarter. An aggressive push to new business. In the second quarter, we signed 6,600 new accounts. That's a 25% increase over last year. We also reactivated dormant accounts, and year-to-date, we reactivated 6,100 dormant accounts and generated $16 million of rental revenue from this group alone. And we continue to optimize our branch footprint, positioning our branches in promising markets where they have the opportunity to perform well. And we're close to consolidate at 10 branches in the second quarter.  However, we also opened two new cold starts and we didn't exit any markets in that process. Now we also intend to grow our power HVAC presence this year and into next. So as you can see, all the various parts of our strategy are starting to mesh. And our employees have been exceptional in pursuit to this goals. Our second quarter performance is really a credit to their hard work, great attitude and their professionalism. They really embraced our strategy. It's only appropriate I want to tip my hat to all the employees who are on this call today, and they deserve it. Now so to summarize, we said in April that we believe the first quarter was the lowest point in the cycle and so far, that appears to be true. Now I want to be very candid with everyone. This is an environment that is still uncertain. there are challenges but things are getting better. The second quarter started well, we got better as we moved through the quarter. Construction spending is still spongy and our activity will shift up and down for a little. But our current advantage point today, we expect many of our end markets to show modest growth as the year progresses moving toward a broader recovery in 2011 and 2012. So when you look at our second quarter performance in this context, frankly, we're very encouraged.  Now in that note, we'll now shift you over to Bill to review our results and then, we'll take your questions after that. So over to you, Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As usual, I'll give a little bit more detail on the financial results for the quarter and then I'll update our outlook for the remainder of the year.  First, looking at our revenue performance, in the Rental line of business, as Mike said, this was a strong quarter for us. No revenue was down less than 1% in the quarter. And as you'd expect, it's about the interplay of fleet size, fleet utilization and rental rates. On the fleet side of things, the average size of our fleet was down by about 5% in the quarter compared to last year. But despite that smaller fleet, we were able to put more OEC on rent. OEC on rent for the quarter was actually up by 2% versus last year in the quarter So more OEC on rent, smaller fleet size, put them together and you get what was really impressive time utilization for the quarter. 65.4% is a record for the company in the second quarter. That's up 4.1 percentage points versus last year and as we look closer at that increase, we saw very nice improvement in certain key categories.  Earthmoving equipment, for example, was particularly strong. The OEC on rent, dollars for earthmoving equipment for the quarter was up 11% compared to last year. So that helped drive that overall 2% improvement in OEC on rent. And we take heart from that because, as you know, earthmoving equipment tends to be earlier in the cycle when things are improving. While when we look at our rental rates, as Mike mentioned, we were down 2% year-over-year on rental rate. Although on a sequential basis, the second quarter was about flat with the first quarter of this year. As you look within that and take a look at each month sequential improvement during the quarter, it was an improvement. So every month in the second quarter was better than the prior month in the second quarter. And that follows the first quarter where the pattern was the opposite. In the first quarter, every month sequentially was a little worse than the prior month. That turned around in the second quarter, and so the net effect in the quarter was a quarter that was sequentially flat with the first quarter. By the way, that string of sequential month improvements in the second quarter so far continues into July.  So you put that rate performance together, and while rates are not where we want to be long-term, the trend is positive. And it fits with the view that we've expressed about the sequence of a recovery. So first, we expected to see used equipment prices recover. That's been going on according routes and others. Then you'd expect to see utilization rebound. Certainly, you'd have to say that we got a nice rebound utilization. And then we expect to see rates improve. Hopefully we're at the early stage of a sustained improvement in rates When you look at rates on a full-year basis, we're still saying what we said at the last quarter. We expect the full-year rate performance to be only modestly down. We're still calling it down something in the low single digits compared to the year.  When you look at our used equipment activities this quarter, we generated $37 million of proceeds from our used equipment sales. And though that's down significantly from last year, remember last year in the second quarter, we were aggressively downsizing the fleet. And so we were selling a lot of equipment. We sold $271 million of OEC last year compared to only $80 million of OEC this year.  Our margins have shown a dramatic improvement. The 24.3% margin that we realized in the second quarter compares to a negative 9.5% last year. That margin performance reflects both a shift in channels and also overall an improved pricing. In terms of channel mix, our retail contribution was 60% this quarter. That compares to only 26% last year From the flip side, the option channel this quarter was only 22% and that compares to 52% option last year. Pricing meanwhile has improved across nearly all categories and that certainly is reflected in the activity that we're seeing in the used market. And you can see that in external sources such as Ralph's reports. Turning to our cost performance, Mike mentioned we delivered $11 million of SG&A reduction this quarter. And consistent with what we've seen over the last number of quarters, that reduction came across the great majority of lines within SG&A. In particular, we had benefits in salaries and benefit expense. Those came down in line with headcount reductions that we've realized since last year. We also had a nice quarter in professional fee reductions. We've been more disciplined and focused on use of service providers and professional fees came down nicely as a result. But we also had contributions in the SG&A save from many other lines as well. So given the trends that we've seen, even though the top line performance is stronger than what we expected earlier in the year, and therefore there's going to be pressure on selling cost, even with all that, we still are comfortable reaffirming our target for $40 million to $50 million of full year SG&A reductions. And as always, we'll keep looking for more and drive that as much as we possibly can. On the cost of rent lines excluding depreciation, that story is a little bit more complex. We did reduce cost to rent x depreciation by $4 million versus last year. And within that, salary and benefit cost were our main driver. Again, headcount reductions being a main component there. We also had lower facility cost as we see some of the impact of the closures that we've had since last year. But when you look at the full year for cost of rent, we're taking down our estimate for the full year reduction by about $40 million. So right now, we're looking for full year savings and cost of rent in the range of $30 million to $50 million That's not great news on the surface but there are some real positives when you look into the details. That reduction in the expected save really has driven by variable cost that flow from higher volume. We got more rental transactions than we expected. We're running at a higher time utilization than we expected. We've got more OEC on rent as a result and so you put all that together and the variable cost components are going to be higher. And so our ability to save versus last year is reduced. In particular, repair and maintenance expense, delivery expense and overtime are the biggest drivers of our revised outlook. Turning to EBITDA and EPS performance, first on EBITDA. Our adjusted EBITDA up for the quarter was $179 million and that was at a margin of 32.1%. Very nice improvement in the margins, 770 basis points versus last year. That's especially significant given that our total revenues were down 9%.  Although 32% is not where we want to be long term, it certainly is a significant improvement and it gives a sense of a very nice operating leverage that we're building into the business as we focus on driving those key customer relationships and continuing to manage cost. In fact, to put it into some perspective, 32.1% margin this quarter is higher than the second quarter margin that we achieved in the second quarter of 2007. And arguably, you could call that the peak of the last cycle. So we feel good about the EBITDA performance we delivered this year. Looking at EPS, we delivered EPS on a GAAP basis of $0.18 in the quarter. And as we noted on the release last night, that $0.18 includes the effect of a tax benefit of $9 million taken in the second quarter. That benefit arises out of a change in our full year projection. As we look at the full year now and we calculate the expected tax that we will have to provide over the course of the year, we get an effective tax rate for the full year of about 55%. And as we apply that 55% rate to the first half performance as GAAP requires, it resulted in the benefit that you saw in the second quarter Even when you adjust for that tax matter by the way, we still feel good about the quarter that we just delivered overall. The only other point I'll make on EPS is that the number of shares and the diluted EPS calculation went up as we went into a positive net income. You have to include more share. So the share count for the quarter was 68 million shares in the diluted EPS calculation  Now some thoughts on our fleet. We continue to drive our fleet strategy. First, on leveraging the existing fleet to the max, we're transferring fleet as we have been for the last several years. We're transferring fleet very aggressively. We transferred $1.6 billion in fleet in total in the quarter. That's about 42% of our overall fleet moving around during the course of the quarter. We continue to execute our life cycle management approach by selling older equipment from our fleet. Our used sales during the quarter were made at an average age of 71 months. And again, that's consistent with our view that we should be selling the older equipment as we manage the fleet to be more effective for our customers. By the way, that 71 months is slightly lower than it's been over the last few quarters, and that really reflects the impact of the sale of equipment in Mexico. The average age of the equipment that we sold in Mexico was a little less than normal. If you strip out Mexico, the average age of the other fleet that we sold is about 74 months, not significantly different In terms of our rental spend, we spent $125 million of gross rental CapEx in the quarter. And we're buying categories with that spend that we expect to perform well in the near term. So for instance, we're buying forklifts, we're buying light towers, compressors, excavators, really a host of general rental and earthmoving products and skewing away from aerial products in the spend. We are spending a little bit on aerial but doing so in specific categories like big booms, which are still in good demand. We're also buying categories, quite honestly, that fit with the demand we're seeing from our customer groups. As we look at specific customers and specific projects and we have visibility to the fleet that's needed to support those, we've been spending more money on those types of situations.  In terms of our full-year CapEx expectations and given the strong demand that we're seeing and couple that with the focus that we have on support in the key accounts, we decided that we should raise our outlook for full year net rental CapEx. We're now expecting to spend between $160 million to $180 million of net rental CapEx. That's up $60 million from our prior range. And as I mentioned, that strong demand that we're seeing is expected to continue into the back half, and we are confident that as we do put that new CapEx into our fleet, that we'll be able to put that fleet on rent right away. So that's our strategy on fleet. We're going to target the spend on specific categories. We're going to support specific accounts, and we're going to really focus on driving returns out of the investment A couple of real brief thoughts on free cash flow. We generated $8 million of free cash flow in the quarter and, while that may not seem like a big number, it's impressive given our fleet spend that I just spent some time on. We think our full year, when you put all together the time utilization, the impact of our cost of rent changes, the greater fleet spend, the full year free cash flow still feels good to us at $200 million to $225 million. So we're maintaining our forecast for $200 million to $225 million for the year. And as always, we're going to look for more and we'll share it to you as we identify it. Real briefly and lastly on liquidity, we maintain a very strong liquidity position. At the end of the quarter, we had $800 million of total liquidity. Principally that was from availability under our ABL Facility, so we're well-positioned to be able to support whatever capital investment need that we identify. So those are my key comments on the quarter. I'll stop talking, open it up for Q&A right now. But before we do that, I guess I'll just reemphasize that as we look at this quarter, it was a strong quarter and we feel very good about what we are able to deliver. Continue to be cautious about our outlook going forward but we're going to be there to take full advantage of whatever the market offers to us.  So I'll stop there and ask the operator to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Henry Kirn with UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Wondering if you could chat about rate improvement by equipment category and by geography?
Michael Kneeland: Well, we don't have the specific geographies to outline it. What I would say is the way that we saw the levels of activity that I went through on in geography amount, which would be in Canada, particularly in northeast Canada, and then pockets where we saw the year-over-year improvement. That's kind of where you would land on where the rate improvements were seen. As far as categories, I don't necessarily know that we broken them down to specific categories, unless -- Bill, you got that?
William Plummer: We haven't talked, Henry, specifically about rate changes by categories. I think it's fair to say that the level of demand that we're seeing in some of the key categories would support higher rates. I'll stop there.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Is there any way to categorize or quantify the stimulus benefit in the quarter? And how much visibility do you have on the stimulus as we go into the back half of the year and into 2011?
Michael Kneeland: Obviously, we've always said that as the stimulus dollars came forward and that projects started to break ground, the first area that we would see the benefit would be our Trench business, and that seems to be holding through. As you know, there's 32,000 projects that are related to the American Recovery Act [American Recovery and Reinvestment Act] that value $195 billion. 72% of those have been funded. It's broken down to various buckets, transportation, utilities, water infrastructure. Actually, the Trench segment alone is tracking, in pipeline alone, around 1,100 projects. They've got about 821 non-building projects, and they also have 153 projects that are non-residential that they're tracking. So as we go through -- the 194 projects are worth about $3 billion in value, and we estimate that we would generate somewhere around $3 million of revenue on those projects alone. It's coming. It has taken a while to come online, and we expect that to continue to go up from here and peak in 2011. I hope that I answered your question.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Could you chat about if the competitive dynamic stay as where the outset of the cycle held, how the nationwide competition looks compared to either a couple of years ago or at the outset of the last cycle?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I mean obviously, as you know, and this has been a very, very stressful downturn for the industry. Rates have come down and some of the regional players, as we all expected, felt the brunt of it. I would tell you that as we go forward, we're seeing the volume increase that we experienced in the second quarter. My sense is that our competitors will respond as well. I think there's an inherent need of our industry to get a better return on this capital, and we all need to focus more acutely on rates, and I think that will play out over time. Again, we went through a bad cycle. We started to get our fleets right sized across all of the players, sold off a lot in last year. Used prices were affected. Used prices seem to rebound and continue to hold, as Bill mentioned and all the reports that we're seeing from Ralph's [ph] and others plus ourselves. And then we're now seeing volume increases or time utilization improvements, which is the sequence that we said would play out is holding through. So my sense is it's still competitive out there, and there's pockets where we fight everyday. It's not easy, I understand that, and we all have to go out there and try to earn the best dollar we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Bill, do you have a rule of thumb for incremental margin or flow through for each of additional dollar of rental revenue? Is there a way we can think about that?
William Plummer: So as we talk about it internally, we generally talked about something like 70% flow through on the rental line. You'll note that the flow through on the improvement in the second quarter was better than that, and that reflects some of the cost actions that we've taken and the volume leverage that we're getting with improved OEC going on, on rent. But general, 70% kind of number, maybe 65% just to hedge a little bit, would be a general rule that you might use.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: With regard to CapEx, incremental CapEx spend decisions, how do you guys look at that? Could you speak a little bit to what it takes to maintain the fleet age, where you are with the fleet age, where you're comfortable going, where you've been historically with CapEx, just some color around that topic.
William Plummer: So 45 months today, and what we've said about this year is that we can see it going into the high 40s. So call it between 47 and 49, 48 if you insist on a point of estimate. What we said is that we don't feel uncomfortable at that level even though it's higher than the optimum range that we talked about historically. Historically, we've talked about a 35- to 45-month optimum range. But operating in the high 40s or even low 50s, even mid-50s would not impact our ability to generate revenue. We're very convinced of that. In fact, again, if you refer to Ralph's about the industry data, Ralph's would tell you that the average rental fleet is already north of 50 months in average age. So we feel comfortable with what we've got on the plate for this year. Next year, we haven't sat down and really nailed a view of where the fleet age is going to go next year. And so we'll certainly talk about it as we get further into our planning process for next year. What I will say is that as a rule of thumb, in order to maintain the size and the age of our fleet constant through a course of a year, we would have to spend about $575 million gross rental CapEx. And obviously, the net would be less than that as you assume some reasonable amount of new sales, so $575 million gross to keep age and size constant across the year. And that will inform how we think about our spend is going forward.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Could you update us on Industrial business, how that's developing? I think it's a 30% target mix, just how are all the dynamics are affecting mix and ratio?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. This is Mike, Scott. Our industrial progress continues to march forward. If we take a look at the percentage, it's around 19%, up two percentage points on a year-over-year basis for the quarter. We continue to add more contracts. As I mentioned in our National Accounts, 40% of our signed National Accounts are industrial related. It takes a while to ramp those up, very happy with that. Our rental revenue alone is up 3.5%. So we continue to march forward, and very happy with our progress. We're earning more business everyday. And as Bill mentioned on the capital, you can imagine more some of the capitals going for these longer-term profitable deals, and we're going to react to those.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Actually, just to clarify what you just said Mike, did you say that the industrial rental revenues were up 3.5% for the quarter?
William Plummer: Yes, year-over-year, from Q2 '09 to Q2 '10.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And is that the same, or the National Accounts up as well?
William Plummer: Our National Accounts, collectively, are up 6%.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: On the pricing, I think last quarter, you gave some monthly visibility to how the numbers trended through the quarter. I'm wondering if you'd be willing to do that this quarter for April, May, June. Really, what I'm trying to understand is, did June turned positive? I think March ended up -- it was kind of down 4% or so, 4.5%.
William Plummer: So last quarter, we gave the monthly year-over-year changes, so I'll just repeat that. For April, year-over-year, April was down 2.6%. May was down 1.8%. June was down 1.1%.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And you said trends have continued into July then?
William Plummer: My comment was about the sequential trends in July, but I think it's fair to say that July is doing well. The problem with July on a year-over-year comparison is last year, July was a blowout month in terms of year-over-year positive. It was up last year, so the comp is covered [ph]. So tune in three months from now, you can ask me about the three months and the third quarter, and we can talk about July then, especially since it'll be done then instead of 2/3 from now.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: But just directionally, I assume you'd expect to see the same sequential margin improvement that you usually see in the Rental business from the second quarter to the third quarter. Is that fair?
William Plummer: I don't see anything that would keep us from having a normal sequential margin improvement in the third quarter.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just switching over, your aerial utilization is actually up, I think up to 70% or so this quarter. How high can you really push that? I mean, it sound like you're not drawing a lot of CapEx at that space, but your time utilization is over 70% for Booms and Lifts. So what's the kind of the trigger point there?
Michael Kneeland: I mean, obviously, Seth, we can run aerial at a higher time utilization. Yes, it's up and it's expected, what you see in the seasonal aspect of the business. Also keep in mind that we have also had de-fleeting, and we're changing our mix. And if you see the investor presentation, it's down a couple of points. The capital that we're spending year-to-date, as Bill mentioned, year-to-date, we've only spent 21% of our CapEx towards aerial. The rest is going to our other product lines. Our time utilization, to answer your question specifically, I find it unusual to get it into the 80s. It's challenging, but it's not unusual. It'll peak out over the course of the third quarter. So I wouldn't be surprised to see that go up a little bit as we went through into the third quarter. Having said that, there are pockets. As Bill mentioned, bigger booms, higher demand, then some of the other products that are related towards commercial construction, small scissor lifts and bigger scissor lifts towards big box. So it's a balancing act.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Last quarter, you gave us, I think you called out $10 million of the CapEx was dedicated to strategic opportunities. Is it possible to clarify how much of this extra $60 million is going towards the strategics?
William Plummer: Yes, I think it's fair to say -- well, first, the extra $60 million is across the entire year. But at least half, let's just say at least half of the incremental spend is against specific strategic customers or projects that we've identified.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wells with Thompson Research.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: First off, just looking at the expectations that you've outlined previously for kind of a cyclical peak number of a 40% EBITDA margin, given the performance that you've seen out of the business in the quarter and the recovery in margins, how are you thinking about that number now, relative to where you were thinking about it two, three months ago?
William Plummer: We still feel very comfortable that we can achieve a 40% EBITDA margin. After this quarter, I guess I'd say, there's some uncertainty around some of the assumptions underneath that 40% cyclical number. We feel less uncertain about some of those assumptions. For example, remember, we said that number assumes a 67% utilization across the whole year. Well, we just delivered a great second quarter, and that gives us more confidence in our ability to hit a full year 67%. So we feel very comfortable with the 40%, and we feel more comfortable today than we did when we first put it out.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: And then just coming back to an earlier question about stimulus-related projects, given the number of projects that you're tracking, and I believe it's something around $100 billion of construction spend that's not tied to highway specifically, do you feel like those projects alone could offset any continued increases in your kind of more traditional commercial forms of non-res [non-residential] construction as we go into the 2011 time period?
Michael Kneeland: It's really hard to pinpoint that, David. The question of timing, the timing of when these projects start, how they start. Certainly, it's value-added, and we'll take it to offset any of the declines that we've seen in the primary end market but it's really hard to quantify it in that form.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: And then on the National Account front within the new accounts that you're signing, any sense -- are these National Accounts signing a national agreement for the first time with United Rentals, or are you picking up shares from other competitors that maybe have faltered here in the downturn? Any sense of where the business is coming from?
Michael Kneeland: It's coming from both. We're taking some people have faltered, some people are looking at more streamlined and larger players versus the smaller players. We have capital to go after some of these projects with them, and the consistency levels of service that we're providing for them. And I will also say the success we're having with a single point of contact, so it's both.
David Wells - Avondale Partners: I noticed in the presentation posted that you had upped your expectation for the permanency of your cost savings from 50%-ish, kind of a 50% range to 55%. What changed as you looked at those costs that you have taken out? Is it kind of the systems that you put into place that you feel like you can keep some of those cost out of the business? Any color there would be helpful.
William Plummer: You're catching me at a little bit of a disadvantage. Did we change the timeframe over the phase?
Michael Kneeland: No, it's 55%, David. It's the same number we had before. It's 55%, and it was still holding through.
William Plummer: I think at one point, we were saying about 50% and as we sharpened the precision around some of the numbers, I think we settled around 55%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Doherty with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Doherty: Just a question in terms of the fleet size and your expectations for value. You upped the CapEx guidance, but in terms of talking about target utilization, you're still quite below that 67% plus, is the expectation that you're going to maintain the fleet size and focus more on driving rental rates at this point?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think it's a combination of both, one of which is accounts that we're signing, which will provide us with longer-term duration, we want to make sure that we have the fleet in order to achieve their expectations, that's one. But obviously, yes, we want to get rates up. I mean, the rates is first and foremost on my mind, and anyone of my senior managers, the first thing on their mind as well. Are they looking for more capital? Absolutely. Are we giving it to them? No. We're going to be very selective and have a lot of discipline around where we spend our capital and how we spend our capital. So everyday, we're fighting on rate, and we're going to continue to march towards that number.
William Plummer: Chris, just to put it, your question kind of framed in the context of the 67% utilization goal, if you will. And I think it's fair to say that in the context of that analysis we did for the peak EBITDA margin performance, we did remember -- assume that the fleet size will increase over that time horizon, whatever it is. But we assume that it would do so in context with rates going up as well. And so that was the exercise that we went through then. As we look at what we're doing today and in the near term, it's everything that Mike just said. We want to make sure that we're making decisions about the fleet size that support our ability to drive rate, to drive utilization, to drive return, and we're going to be looking at that everywhere.
Christopher Doherty: And then so in terms of the operating leverage in the business, when do you think you have or have you achieved sort of the run rate cost savings? And I think you sort of brought this up, but I mean, one of the things I was impressed with this quarter was if you look quarter-over-quarter, implied volume was up about 16%, but yet your rental cost only increased by $3 million or 1% quarter-over-quarter which I think is a pretty good operating leverage metric when things are improving. Was there some additional cost cuts quarter-over-quarter?
William Plummer: Yes, I mean, we continue to look at opportunities. And so quarter-over-quarter, we had more headcount reductions, and we had a greater focus on making sure that we're optimizing around our delivery processes. We just continue to challenge ourselves everywhere possible. I think we'll continue to do that, and I think there's opportunity on the cost to rent areas to do more of that as we go forward. Obviously, I always caveat the volume component as to how it impacts our total cost dollars. But in terms of the impact on margin, better volume is going to flow through to better margin for us as long as we're sensible about managing the cost structure. So we're doing the normal things that we do. It had a very nice impact in the second quarter. We're looking for opportunities to keep driving it going forward.
Christopher Doherty: And then just one last question and it relates to sort of the guidance where you increased the net CapEx of rental by $60 million but you maintained free cash flow. Are you getting terms on that, or is there some working capital that benefits there, given that you've now increased the usage of cash by $60 million? Or is that just an improvement in EBITDA, your expectations for EBITDA, Bill?
William Plummer: I guess I have to say the words, it's certainly mostly an improvement in EBITDA. Some of that gets eaten up with the additional working capital, but there's an improvement in EBITDA, implicit in what we said.
Operator: Our next question comes from Emily Shanks with Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: Just if I could start with a quick housekeeping item, for the affirmed guidance of $200 million to $225 million of free cash flow, that includes the $55 million federal tax refund, right?
Michael Kneeland: Yes, it does.
William Plummer: Yes.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: And then Mike, in some of your opening comments, you had commented how the tight credit markets are helping demand for your business. I was curious what your view was around tight credit market potential impact on residual values going forward.
Michael Kneeland: I haven't looked at it from that perspective, to be quite honest with you. What we look at is there is still a viable used market out there. I don't know where it's impacted. We've gone through tight credit market before, and I haven't seen it where it is impacted. The residual values, I think that if the contractor doesn't have the credit and you see an expansion in the secular side of the business, there's going to be an inherent demand for rental companies to probably add more fleet. Not everyone adds new fleet. A lot of the smaller localized will go to the used market. So I think it will still be a very robust market. Keep in mind that 60% of everything that manufactured still went into ownership. So we're just getting a bigger slice of that pie.
William Plummer: I think about it very simply. If credits' tight and people can't find financing to buy their own equipment, then that means that they're going to be demanding our equipment and there's going to be less used on the market, and that should support residual values overall. So I hadn't thought about it. I'm like Mike, I haven't thought about it from a prospective of residual values, but I could very quickly convince myself that that's not something I'd be concerned about.
Emily Shanks - Lehman Brothers: I just wanted to ask, and this is maybe a question for Bill, around the Canadian inter-loan cash movement. I just wanted to understand the 160-ish million that moved, was that the cash that was used for the open-market repurchases of the bond? And then secondarily, can we still look at that $55 million intercompany receivable between URNA and URI as the amount that you can use towards future bond repurchases, or should we be looking at another bucket? I wasn't sure how the two are related.
William Plummer: The intercompany loan, Canada to U.S., I think you should think about it separately, then the intercompany loan, URI to URNA. The intercompany loan from Canada to the U.S. is strictly a cash management move where we bring the money back into the U.S. temporarily to keep the average balance of our ABL down and certainly, that continues. We'll continue to manage that within the rules set out by the tax authorities. In terms of thinking, and we did not use any of that cash directly from the intercompany Canadian U.S. loan to repurchase the subnotes that we repurchased in the second quarter. On the subnote repurchases, that was done out of URI. It used part of the cash capacity at URI to execute those, and we had to because of the limitations on our restricted payments basket that arises out of various debt facilities. We used roughly $24 million, $25 million of that cash capacity. At the end of the quarter, if you look in the Q and the guarantor statements, you'll see that, that cash capacity stood at about $55 million at the end of the quarter, and so that's what we have available to make further repurchases. A very confusing topic, I hope I cleared it up for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Volpicelli with Deutsche Bank.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: My question is with regard to acquisitions. Clearly, some of the smaller competitors out there are probably facing Chapter 11 or Chapter 7. Are there any fleets out there available for sale that you can pick up at a discount and maybe refurbish? And then I guess as a corollary to that would be in terms of the OEMs, do they have any equipment they've purchased in the open market and have refurbished that might be available to you?
Michael Kneeland: The answer is yes. We go out and we buy used equipment on the open market, and we're not partial to [ph] whether its vendors or going to auction, picking things up. So yes, we've taken opportunities to go out there and buy assets. We continue to do that. Our fleet management team is always looking at what's available out there. So yes, we do take a look at it from an acquisition standpoint. Keep in mind, that usually when companies get distressed, the first thing that they fault around is their services. So we're very cautious to make sure if it's the right asset.
Matt Leach: And in terms with, I guess, your outlook brightening a little bit and still some free cash flow are strong for your cash flow generation, are you looking to make in tuck-in acquisitions or would you consider a larger acquisition?
William Plummer: I think that we always get that question. So the caution is around -- this is a company that as you know, was founded on acquisitions, and grew up in that era. It has to be strategic, whether it's large or small or medium. It has to be strategic with our long-term vision, and that is expanding our geographic -- our diversity around our customer mix. We just don't need to add more physical locations. We don't need to add it to every market. We're in 99 in the 100 markets with the exception of Hawaii. It has to be strategic. Are we open to it? Yes, we'll always look at it. But again, the discipline around is making sure it is our longer term strategy.
Matt Leach: With regard to maintenance expenses, is there kind of like a cliff where if equipment gets above a certain average age that, that maintenance goes up dramatically? Or maybe as a different way, can you give us a sense of as month, the fleet gets older, whether that equates to in more maintenance cost?
William Plummer: To your first question, there's not a cliff. It is not a point where it dramatically rises. What we think about is, as a rule of thumb, something like an incremental $2 million to $3 million a year for an extra month of age on the fleet. So a month maintained over a year will cost you another $2 million to $3 million of incremental R&M. That number does arise a little bit as you get older, but it's not like it goes to 10 to 12, as you go from 45 to 50 months, say.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. I'd like to turn it back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, operator. First of all, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I also go back to wanting to thank all of the employees who are on the call listening to us today as well for their hard work and the production of numbers that we produced on the second quarter. Our investor presentation has been updated on our website and it reflects our latest numbers. So please visit and download. And as always, you're welcome giving us a call, get a hold Fred, so if any additional questions or comments you'd like to share with us. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at anytime. Thank you for joining us, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Henry Kirn  UBS Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital Seth Weber - RBC Capital Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer David Wells - Thompson Research
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the United Rentals First Quarter 2010 Investor Conference Call. Please the advised that this call is being recorded.
:
:
:
:
:
: Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
: Rental revenue was down 15%, now some of that was due to fleet being down up by 6% on a year-over-year basis. The worst of the environment happened in January through mid-February and then we saw a shift late in February continue into March and March came back stronger than we anticipated.
: Rental revenue was down 15%, now some of that was due to fleet being down up by 6% on a year-over-year basis. The worst of the environment happened in January through mid-February and then we saw a shift late in February continue into March and March came back stronger than we anticipated.
: Rental revenue was down 15%, now some of that was due to fleet being down up by 6% on a year-over-year basis. The worst of the environment happened in January through mid-February and then we saw a shift late in February continue into March and March came back stronger than we anticipated.
: Rental revenue was down 15%, now some of that was due to fleet being down up by 6% on a year-over-year basis. The worst of the environment happened in January through mid-February and then we saw a shift late in February continue into March and March came back stronger than we anticipated.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
: Southeast is also picking up in projects like infrastructure, power plants and bridges. The Gulf area, activity is increasing as industrial plants return to a more normalized maintenance schedule, which impacts the local economies.
: Southeast is also picking up in projects like infrastructure, power plants and bridges. The Gulf area, activity is increasing as industrial plants return to a more normalized maintenance schedule, which impacts the local economies.
: Southeast is also picking up in projects like infrastructure, power plants and bridges. The Gulf area, activity is increasing as industrial plants return to a more normalized maintenance schedule, which impacts the local economies.
: Southeast is also picking up in projects like infrastructure, power plants and bridges. The Gulf area, activity is increasing as industrial plants return to a more normalized maintenance schedule, which impacts the local economies.
:
:
:
:
:
:
: Now to give you some early insight into the first quarter (inaudible) into April, rates have been essentially flat. So when you put the rate trend together with used equipment pricing and time utilization, which is continuing a positive trend as we move through April, it suggests that though we saw the worst part of the cycle in the first quarter.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
: Leveraging our footprint and fleet through our people, focusing our sales efforts on larger more profitable accounts, key accounts, national, strategic, government and local accounts, that have been assigned a single point of contact. Also investing in areas to drive growth, for example, our headcount is down in the first quarter year-over-year, but the number of national and strategic account managers is up 27%.
: Leveraging our footprint and fleet through our people, focusing our sales efforts on larger more profitable accounts, key accounts, national, strategic, government and local accounts, that have been assigned a single point of contact. Also investing in areas to drive growth, for example, our headcount is down in the first quarter year-over-year, but the number of national and strategic account managers is up 27%.
: Leveraging our footprint and fleet through our people, focusing our sales efforts on larger more profitable accounts, key accounts, national, strategic, government and local accounts, that have been assigned a single point of contact. Also investing in areas to drive growth, for example, our headcount is down in the first quarter year-over-year, but the number of national and strategic account managers is up 27%.
: Leveraging our footprint and fleet through our people, focusing our sales efforts on larger more profitable accounts, key accounts, national, strategic, government and local accounts, that have been assigned a single point of contact. Also investing in areas to drive growth, for example, our headcount is down in the first quarter year-over-year, but the number of national and strategic account managers is up 27%.
: Leveraging our footprint and fleet through our people, focusing our sales efforts on larger more profitable accounts, key accounts, national, strategic, government and local accounts, that have been assigned a single point of contact. Also investing in areas to drive growth, for example, our headcount is down in the first quarter year-over-year, but the number of national and strategic account managers is up 27%.
:
: Today we now have coverage of 50% of our revenue, meaning our reps are assigned directly to customers. Equally as important, complete visibility through our sales force automation, also pursuing industrial business with our goal of 30% of rental revenue, currently for the quarter at 19%, but it continues to make progress. Of the 65 national accounts signed in the first quarter, 25 were industrial with a total wallet estimated to be at $25 million. Now within our national accounts team we now have a broad base of managers who are subject matter experts in industrial to help us grow that business. Everything I just mentioned relates to target customers, also paying close attention to the rest of our customer base, our sales initiatives in place and designed to drive revenue generation across all markets. One of the examples of that is reactivating dormant accounts. In March, we pushed out through our sales force automation tool 7,000 we call quiet accounts, accounts that revenue was declining over the last trailing 12 months. We generated over $1.3 million of additional revenue in March alone by calling on these customers.
: Today we now have coverage of 50% of our revenue, meaning our reps are assigned directly to customers. Equally as important, complete visibility through our sales force automation, also pursuing industrial business with our goal of 30% of rental revenue, currently for the quarter at 19%, but it continues to make progress. Of the 65 national accounts signed in the first quarter, 25 were industrial with a total wallet estimated to be at $25 million. Now within our national accounts team we now have a broad base of managers who are subject matter experts in industrial to help us grow that business. Everything I just mentioned relates to target customers, also paying close attention to the rest of our customer base, our sales initiatives in place and designed to drive revenue generation across all markets. One of the examples of that is reactivating dormant accounts. In March, we pushed out through our sales force automation tool 7,000 we call quiet accounts, accounts that revenue was declining over the last trailing 12 months. We generated over $1.3 million of additional revenue in March alone by calling on these customers.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
: A bit more context on our fleet. Our fleet size during the year or during the quarter was down versus last year, down 6% at the end of the quarter. And obviously that was a positive in supporting utilization. Utilization, as Mike said was essentially flat. It was up actually 10th of a percentage point compared to the same quarter last year.
: A bit more context on our fleet. Our fleet size during the year or during the quarter was down versus last year, down 6% at the end of the quarter. And obviously that was a positive in supporting utilization. Utilization, as Mike said was essentially flat. It was up actually 10th of a percentage point compared to the same quarter last year.
: A bit more context on our fleet. Our fleet size during the year or during the quarter was down versus last year, down 6% at the end of the quarter. And obviously that was a positive in supporting utilization. Utilization, as Mike said was essentially flat. It was up actually 10th of a percentage point compared to the same quarter last year.
: A bit more context on our fleet. Our fleet size during the year or during the quarter was down versus last year, down 6% at the end of the quarter. And obviously that was a positive in supporting utilization. Utilization, as Mike said was essentially flat. It was up actually 10th of a percentage point compared to the same quarter last year.
:
:
:
:
:
: Auction was 17% of our sales this quarter, compared to about 39% last year. So, that certainly was a positive contribution in addition to the improvement in underlying equipment prices. Earthmoving in particular was a better performing component of our used sales than other categories. For contractor supplies, another solid story for us even though the revenue was down materially, down 28% year-over-year, the gross margin improved very significantly. Gross margin was up 230 basis points for the quarter to just over 30% in our contractor supplies business.
:
:
:
: Specifically salaries and benefits were a major component and they came down in line with a significant headcount reduction. Professional fees were down materially as well, they came down in line with our greater focus on being careful on where we engage professional service providers.
: Specifically salaries and benefits were a major component and they came down in line with a significant headcount reduction. Professional fees were down materially as well, they came down in line with our greater focus on being careful on where we engage professional service providers.
: Specifically salaries and benefits were a major component and they came down in line with a significant headcount reduction. Professional fees were down materially as well, they came down in line with our greater focus on being careful on where we engage professional service providers.
:
:
: On our cost of rent excluding depreciation, that came down $19 million in the quarter and like SG&A we had contributions from most of the lines of our cost of rent. Salaries and benefits again in line with headcount was a significant contributor. But other areas such as R&M, facility costs were also down and we continue to look for opportunities to continue that momentum. As we streamline, as we automate, as we really drill into our rental processes we believe there are more opportunities available, things like the fast initiative that Mike mentioned to help optimize our logistics operation we think will contribute to our path on costs in our cost of rent lines.
: On our cost of rent excluding depreciation, that came down $19 million in the quarter and like SG&A we had contributions from most of the lines of our cost of rent. Salaries and benefits again in line with headcount was a significant contributor. But other areas such as R&M, facility costs were also down and we continue to look for opportunities to continue that momentum. As we streamline, as we automate, as we really drill into our rental processes we believe there are more opportunities available, things like the fast initiative that Mike mentioned to help optimize our logistics operation we think will contribute to our path on costs in our cost of rent lines.
: Put it all together between revenue and cost and you see that we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $115 million for the quarter and that was at a margin of 21.4%. So none of us are satisfied with 21.4% EBITDA margin but for the first quarter, seasonally the weakest quarter and compared to last year we think that represents solid performance in the quarter.
: Put it all together between revenue and cost and you see that we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $115 million for the quarter and that was at a margin of 21.4%. So none of us are satisfied with 21.4% EBITDA margin but for the first quarter, seasonally the weakest quarter and compared to last year we think that represents solid performance in the quarter.
: Put it all together between revenue and cost and you see that we delivered adjusted EBITDA of $115 million for the quarter and that was at a margin of 21.4%. So none of us are satisfied with 21.4% EBITDA margin but for the first quarter, seasonally the weakest quarter and compared to last year we think that represents solid performance in the quarter.
: Turning to free cash flow, we generated $99 million of free cash flow for the quarter that included a $55 million cash tax refund that we received in March. That tax refund is consistent with the cash tax impact that we talked about in February.
: Turning to free cash flow, we generated $99 million of free cash flow for the quarter that included a $55 million cash tax refund that we received in March. That tax refund is consistent with the cash tax impact that we talked about in February.
:
: A couple of thoughts on fleet, we continue to drive the fleet strategy, in terms of leveraging our fleet, the best way that we can. Transfers are a key component. We had $1.2 billion of transfers this quarter and that was about 33% of our overall fleet involved in our transfer activities over the quarter. When you look at our used sales activity, the age of what we sold from the fleet in our used sales this quarter was 75 months, again consistent with our strategy of selling the oldest fleet first. And within those sales about 60% of the sales were in aerial and reach forklift categories, categories that are lagging a little bit in terms of overall market performance. As I mentioned, on a year-over-year basis our overall fleet size is down 6% at the quarter end and this helped us achieve the essentially flat time utilization that we remarked earlier.
: A couple of thoughts on fleet, we continue to drive the fleet strategy, in terms of leveraging our fleet, the best way that we can. Transfers are a key component. We had $1.2 billion of transfers this quarter and that was about 33% of our overall fleet involved in our transfer activities over the quarter. When you look at our used sales activity, the age of what we sold from the fleet in our used sales this quarter was 75 months, again consistent with our strategy of selling the oldest fleet first. And within those sales about 60% of the sales were in aerial and reach forklift categories, categories that are lagging a little bit in terms of overall market performance. As I mentioned, on a year-over-year basis our overall fleet size is down 6% at the quarter end and this helped us achieve the essentially flat time utilization that we remarked earlier.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
: During the quarter we also temporarily moved a large portion of our Canadian cash position down to the U.S. and we carried that intercompany loan position over the quarter end so that explains the significant decline in cash balance that you see on the balance sheet. It was roughly $160 million U.S. and obviously when we moved the cash into the U.S. we used it to pay down the ABL. Total debt at the end of the quarter was down by $245 million since the year end and our net debt was down by $96 million.
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:  
 :  
Operator:
 :
Henry Kirn - UBS: Good morning, guys. [Henry] from Munich.
Michael Kneeland: How are you?
Henry Kirn - UBS: Good. What was the weather impact to the first quarter?
Michael Kneeland: What was the weather impact, I mean, obviously
Henry Kirn - UBS: Yes, is there any way to quantify it or?
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
Henry Kirn - UBS:
:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Henry Kirn - UBS:
:
Michael Kneeland: Yeah.
William Plummer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from [excuse me] from Philip Volpicelli.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you very much. Good morning, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald: With regard to the time utilization, is that more of a function of you guys having right sized your fleet or I guess the industry having right sized fleets or is it a pickup in demand that allowed time utilization to be flat year-over-year?
Michael Kneeland: You hit the nail on the head. It is part, taking your fleet down and rightsizing it and we did that and we were proactive last year. And just to remind everybody on the phone call, last year we sold $650 million worth of OEC and going into this year and so that as part of it.
:
:
:
William Plummer: And actually our trench business is also up year over year in OEC on rent. And the other categories of our equipment, other than aerial are all either a little better or only slightly worse in terms of the percent OEC on rent year-over-year.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. And then in terms of your fleet plans for the rest of the year, is it a question of, you have to reach a certain utilization level for you to add fleet or are you going to continue to shrink the fleet in an effort to try to get rates positive?
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Last question. The one and seven are potable back to the company in October. Do you plan to satisfy that put, assuming it comes to you with revolver or with free cash flow?
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Emily Shanks of Barclays Capital.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Emily.
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital:
:
Michael Kneeland: All right.
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital: Just a couple of housekeeping questions for you. Could you guys give me an exact number on the OEC after the $1 million?
Michael Kneeland: For the end of the quarter it was $3.741 billion and the average would be $3.750 billion.
William Plummer:
:
:
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital:
:
:
William Plummer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital: Data points right? Okay. Great.
William Plummer:
:
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital: Great. And then just one final question. I saw your comments in the 10-Q regarding your RP capacity, still look like you have any. Could you just quantify on the size and particularly where, what buckets those restrictions are coming in?
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Unidentified Analyst - Barclays Capital:
:
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber of RBC Capital.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital:
:
William Plummer: Yes. It was.
Michael Kneeland: It was.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay. And did I hear correctly that you said rates were running flat year-over-year in April?
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay.
William Plummer: Sequentially.
Michael Kneeland:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Sequentially.
William Plummer: Yeah.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay.
William Plummer: Sequentially.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Not year-over-year?
Michael Kneeland:
:
William Plummer: Year-over-year over there.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Right.
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay. Have you noticed any uptick in maintenance costs on the fleet as it gets older here or do you feel like you still have some, you can age it another four or five months kind of thing?
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay. Last question. On the used equipment, is there any way to track, is a lot of that going overseas or is that staying here, the sales, do you think?
Michael Kneeland:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay.
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Right. I mean, did the age of the fleet that you sold change materially from past quarters?
William Plummer:
:
Michael Kneeland: 77.9.
William Plummer:
:
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Okay.
William Plummer: And that will be the story as we go through the remainder of this year as well.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital: Great. Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:
:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:
:
William Plummer:
:
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:
:
:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Michael Kneeland: Yeah.
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:
: And then also, any thought, this is a suggestion and a question, any thought to providing enhanced level of guidance next quarter on the assumption that you may have better visibility? Thanks very much for everything.
: And then also, any thought, this is a suggestion and a question, any thought to providing enhanced level of guidance next quarter on the assumption that you may have better visibility? Thanks very much for everything.
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
William Plummer: Those are the year-over-year comparisons by month
Michael Kneeland: Right.
William Plummer:  for rate.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Great. Thanks.
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks.
William Plummer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wells of Thompson Research.
David Wells - Thompson Research:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
David Wells - Thompson Research:
:
:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
David Wells - Thompson Research:
:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
David Wells - Thompson Research:
:
:
William Plummer:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Operator:
:
Michael Kneeland:
:
:
William Plummer: Thanks, folks.
Operator:
:

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Henry Kirn  UBS David Wells  Thompson Research Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital David Raso  ISI Philip Volpicelli  Cantor Fitzgerald Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Rentals fourth quarter and full year 2009 investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the companys press release comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. The companys business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectation. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin. 
Michael Kneeland: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. With me is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer, and other members of our senior management team. Bill will discuss 2009 financial performance, which as you know from the release, we showed a loss for the year of $0.98 per share. Thats obviously not where we want to be, but 2009 was more about controlling the things that we could control, and in that regard, our performance included numerous accomplishments. This morning I want to spend some time on the improvements that helped us outperform almost every target that was part of our outlook. As reported last night, we reduced our SG&A expense by $101 million in 2009 year over year. The reduction and cost of rentals excluding depreciation was $227 million. Our free cash flow was very strong at $367 million, and our net rental capex showed a modest outflow of $31 million compared to the net zero we projected because we saw opportunities to make strategic investments and the right kinds of rental fleet. This was a solid performance. With the cost of rentals, we fell short impart because our rental revenues were higher than we expected in fourth quarter. Now Bill is going to go over and discuss this further in just a minute, but still as I mentioned, we took cost of rentals down by $227 million, which is still a big number. As youll hear from us today, the numbers are only part of the story. I want to use our time this morning to talk candidly with you about where we are taking this company and how our strategy is intended to transform United Rentals into a company that is much better equipped to create value. It began with Operation United more than a year ago. Operation United is the foundation of our strategy that defines United Rentals as first and foremost an equipment rental company. It mandates that we continuously improve our cost structure and our fleet management on the basis of profitable growth, and it challenges us to win customer loyalty to customer service leadership. If anything, our strategy intensified in 2009 as we continued to analyze our opportunities. Were now operating with these specific objectivesfirst to continue to engineer efficiencies throughout the business; second, manage our rates for the maximum return on fleet; and third, to leverage our size and to serve the right customer segments. When the economy does better, even partial realization of these objectives would benefit our topline and bottomline. In the current environment, the impact is more modest but still apparent. For example, our rental revenues declined in 2009, but we still outperformed our peers for the first nine months. The idea of resilience is a big part of our story today. We didnt just weather 2009; we showed the financial and operational discipline to outperform the industry in an economic trial by fire, and before I move on to operations, let me tell you where we stand on 2010. Realistically, its going to be another tough year. In our opinion, a turnaround in construction will happen sometime in the back half of 2010, but we wont see any significant improvement in our end markets until 2011, and when that happens, we think the recovery will be slow and steady, and that seems to be the consensus of the industry forecasters as well, and if the worst of the cycle is behind us, then most of the heavy lifting has been done in terms of branch closures and workforce reductions. The same goes for fleet. Well continue to de-fleet this year but at a slower pace. However, if the downturn drags on longer than expected, we wont hesitate to pull all the leavers at our disposal. Our plan takes the economy into account, but its also about the optimization of our operations, branches, fleet, sales force, and corporate infrastructure.
,: Now, I want to turn to three objectives I mentioned a minute agoefficiency, rate management, and customer segmentation. There is no question that we became much more disciplined with our cost in 2009. You saw that in the numbers we reported last night. Now, I want to share some metrics that were not in the press release, so you understand how serious we are about weeding out inefficiencies. Our repair and maintenance expense was 17% lower in 2009 than 2008. Some of that comes from decline in our fleet size, but there were also other drivers including new technology that lets our service departments communicate in real time with the front counter, so thats a good story especially given our fleet aged three months, and while were spending less, we still kept our preventive maintenance currency above 90% for the year. Our OEC available for rent improved to 90.2%, so we know for a fact that we are servicing our fleet more efficiently in the shop. Equipment transfers among branches are proving to be very valuable in managing our fleet. Transfers allow us to allocate our rental capex more efficiently and to act more quickly to capture business that might otherwise go to competitors. In 2009, we leveraged our footprint and transferred 36% of our fleet each quarter on average compared to 30% in 2008, so these are just four of many examples I could name, but were doing a lot of things right in the field, and we have 8000 employees to thank for that progress. I want to move on to the second objectiverate management. Im very passionate about rates because they are such a powerful force for us as a company but also as an industry, and over the last four months of 2009, our rates were essentially flat on a sequential monthly basis, which shows that were successful at pushing back against the environment. Now bare in mind that seasonality always affects our business in the winter. In 2009, market activity went deeper into the red because new projects were tailing off while existing projects were wrapping up, so the pressure on rates was coming from several different directions, but we managed that pressure aggressively. For the full year, we reported last night our rates were down 11.8%, and clearly we are not satisfied with that number, and were doing something about it. You could say that our approach to rate management is a mix of brains and brawn. By brains, Im referring to our strategy, and its focused on profitability. Every pricing decision we make takes margin into account as well as the customer relationship. The brawn is being provided by our new price optimization program, and this is just one of the technologies that are helping us transform our business along with salesforce automation and additional changes to our branch operations. As most of you know, we put optimized baseline rates in place in all of our branches in early September including hard stops for price exceptions. In a few weeks, we will review and refresh those rates. Were also testing dynamic customer centric placing in ten of our branches with plans to roll it out companywide later this year. As part of that pilot, weve implemented new tools so that price optimization extends from the counter to the field where our salesforce reps will be able to quote rates on their Blackberries. From rates to fleet to customer mix, were looking at our business very differently that we had in the past. If a transaction isnt profitable after taking all costs into account, we dont want to book that business. Our people understand that were not trying to add to our topline at any price. The goal is to grow our revenues by using customer service to earn a premium price for our services and even in this environment. The third in many ways the most important part of our transformation has to do with customer segmentation. Earlier I mentioned Operation United the original initiative in our strategy. We now know for a fact that Operation United is moving us in the right direction, focusing on customers that best fit our vision for growth. These are large national accounts as well as regional accounts, industrial accounts, and to a lesser degree government business. Let me explain why. Our analysis has shown that large customers can be very profitable for us if we serve them properly, and they share similar characteristics. They rent equipment for longer periods of time, they pay in a more timely fashion, they return equipment with less damage, and they see our broad North American footprint as an advantage. In addition, larger accounts often prefer to place their orders to a centralized point of contact. Our customer care center in Tampa handled more than 368,000 calls in 2009 and wrote about 30,000 reservations, which helped our branch teams focus on customer service during the fulfillment process. Of the 233 national account agreements we signed in 2009, 62 were industrial companies. This increased our national account base to more than 1200 customers. Our national account revenue was 24% of total revenue in 2009, and our industrial account revenue was 18%. Both represent an increase over prior year on a percentage basis. Also we note that we increased our share of wallet with our top 25 customers in 2009. That tells us that even if rental demand declines again this year, were billing the right kind of customer base for long-term profitability. Customer segmentation is far more than a sales strategy for us and extends into our entire operation. For example, our fleet mix and fleet management are changing because our strategy calls for something different now. Large customers understand where our priorities lie and it is earning a larger share of their wallet, like the contract that we recently signed with one of the worlds largest civil engineering companies. This national account liked what they saw from us and gave us the opportunity to earn their business on a major rail project in the US. We won the contract because we persevered as a team at the national level, regional, district, branch, and corporate. Its a perfect example of Operation United in action. At the same time, were working to optimize our transactional business. By that I mean, the occasional or one-off rentals that come our way in local levels. When we get these requests, we want to make sure that we quote a price that reflects the real cost of fulfilling these transactions. If the standard is met, even a small rental has a place in our strategy. Small customers represent the potential to grow with us over time.  On our last call, I gave you an overview of our customer focus scorecard, which measures branch performance in five dimensions that customers value most. These metrics are largely universal, meaning that they are important to our customers of all sizes. The scorecard was rolled out in June 2009, so the data is relatively recent, but I want to give you a couple of metrics to illustrate how quickly we can move our field operations along the path of continuous improvement. In our Southwest region, the total response time improved by more than 15% in the fourth quarter. Thats the time it takes a machine up and running at the customers job site after he puts a request in for service. Its a huge deal for our customers, and in Northeast Canada, on-time delivery improved by more than 17% in the fourth quarter. This is a meaningful improvement based on real life expectations of our customers, but were not done yet. We believe that the customer service analytics available through our scorecard are the most comprehensive in our industry. We can track how we are doing at any levelbranch, district, region, and companyand by the end of this month, we will be able to drill down and look at how we perform for individual customers, not just key accounts, any customer. This is the major differentiator that gives us real ammunition in our battle for customer loyalty. Even with these focused objectives, were still keeping an open mind. Markets are never static, and an underpenetrated rental market has more potential than most. Our most profitable customer segment five or ten years from now may not even be on our radar today or a new kind of equipment may come available with applications in completely new markets. I can tell you thirty years ago, I drove an aerial machine around to contractors who had never seen a lift and had no intention of renting one. Today, everyone in construction has an appreciation for aerial equipment, so I know it happens. Looking back to late 2008, we stood on the brink of a downturn and decided there was no good reason to set our engine on idle while the economy turns around. We have chosen to take advantage of these volatile times by showing that we know how to steer a steady and purposeful course, and by the way, we are not the only ones acting now with an eye towards the future. We share the same strategy thinking driving large projects where we have a presence; for example, the Philadelphia Convention Center. Thats a $786 million expansion with 440,000 square feet of exhibit space, and we had more than 100 aerial machines on rent with customers for a year now. When the facility opens in 2011, its going to give Philadelphia a huge advantage in competing for convention business, and we like that kind of thinking, but 2010 is not a new roadmap for us. Operation United already has us moving in the right direction. This year, its about executing with increasing precision on the roadmap we already have. In January, we brought all of our branch managers and field leaders together with senior management and board members at our annual meeting in St. Louis. It was an intense three days of preparation for 2010, and by the end, it was evident to our employees who were as inspired as we were about the possibilities for a new United Rentals. I saw more than an acceptance; I saw real excitement. Were moving forward together, United as one, in total agreement about our goals. Let me tell you what I told our managers. This path that we are on takes courage and it takes willpower. We have deliberately set a course that makes demands on our leadership and our willingness to innovate. Right now, the economy is working against us, but our strategy is more enduring to any environment and is being executed by a seasoned management team that brings the right mix of executive ability and industry experience to the job at hand. Every objective we set in 2010 builds on the fundamentals of Operation United. Every opportunity ties to our competitive advantages of customer service and size, and were taking our core business to a more profitable place with the ultimate objective of creating value, and well create that value by delivering the most efficient and customer-focused services in the equipment rental industry.  With that Ill now pass it over to Bill who will review our results, and then well go to Q&A and well take your questions.
Bill Plummer: As Mike said, Ill provide more detail on our fourth quarter and full year financial results, but before I do that, Id like to comment on the timing of this call. Those of you who have followed the company for a while may note that this call is happening about three weeks earlier in the month than it has historically, and I just wanted to point out that that is the result of a tremendous amount effort on the part of people within the finance organization here at United Rentals.  Our view is that the sooner we can get through the reporting process, the sooner were able to refocus on driving improvement in the business and so we have set an objective of continuing to report on an earlier basis, so youll see our annual reports happen along about this time every year going forward. Youll also see the quarterly reports happen a week sooner in the quarter than we have historically as well. This is no accident. Its the result of a lot of hard work by a lot of people at United Rentals, so I wanted to take this opportunity to say thanks to all the folks who made it happen. Lets turn to our performance against the targets that we have been laying out for 2009. Starting with SG&A, as Mike noted, we delivered $101 million of SG&A reductions for the year, and that included $20 million of reduction in the fourth quarter alone, consistent with what we saw through 2009, those savings in SG&A came in nearly every line of our SG&A total. We had reductions in salaries, benefits, travel and entertainment, professional fees, marketing spend; again anywhere you look in SG&A, we had improvements. On cost of rent excluding depreciation, we reduced cost by $227 million for the year, and that included $51 million of reduction in the fourth quarter, and like SG&A, the reductions came in virtually all linessalaries, benefits, delivery cost, fuel, repair and maintenance, facility costs; again, just about every line in our cost of rentals ex depreciation. Mike mentioned that that $227 million reduction fell a little short of our target of $240 to $250. Quite honestly that was disappointing for us, but there are a number of puts and takes that happened at the end of the year that resulted in the $227 million that I reported. Part of it is good news. The fourth quarter revenue was actually stronger than we had in our forecast when we gave the $240 to $250 range. Variable costs that came with that stronger revenue explain part of the variance, but there are also other puts and takes in several non-cash, nonoperating lines. For example, we had a $4 million adjustment in a self-insurance reserve, so between the extra revenue and the self-insurance reserve, thats the bulk of the miss versus the $240 bottom of our range. Despite the shortfall though, $227 million of reduction is real money, and its a result of a lot of work, so were proud of that performance in 2009. We simplified, we streamlined, we automated more of our renal processes, and we think there is opportunity to continue to drive cost out of this business. On net rental capex, we finished the year with a net outflow of $31 million, which was slightly above our target of about zero for the year. That additional capex reflects what we talked about in the third quarter which was our effort to take advantage of opportunities that we see in the market and reinforce those opportunities with investment as appropriate. As Mike mentioned, the equipment that we bought during the quarter immediately was put on rent at high utilization levels, and again that supports the extra revenue that we saw in the fourth quarter. Turning to free cash flow, we delivered $367 million of free cash flow. That was better than our target of $350 million, despite having spent the incremental amount of rental capex. Within free cash flow, we generated $440 million of cash from our operating activities. Our abilities to overachieve on free cash flow despite the additional capex shows that we have built flexibility and to our ability to manage the company and manage the cash flow of the company, and we exercised that flexibility in the fourth quarter. You can expect us to continue to exercise that flexibility and respond to investment conditions as we go through 2010 as well. Now a few thoughts on our capital structure and liquidity. In this area, we made significant progress in 2009. As many of youre aware, in November, we issued a total of $673 million of new debt that included a half a billion of senior unsecured debt and another $173 million of convertible notes that we issued out of our holding company.  When you combine that November activity with half billion dollars of 10-7/8% notes that we did in June, plus the redemption of our 14% holding company notes that we did in the fourth quarter, we substantially improved the profile of our debt maturities over the next several years. We dont have at this point significant maturities other than the 6-1/2s in the next several years, and as again many of you have noted we have already announced that we will be calling the 6-1/2% senior unsecured notes on February 16, 2010, so that will be $435 million worth of maturities in 2012 which will be called and removed from the maturity profile, so you put all this together, and you can see that weve proactively addressed the capital structure throughout 2009. We dont have any significant maturities until 2013, and the decks are very well cleared for us to be able to respond to any level of investment that we might need over the next several years. On liquidity, we continue to have a very strong liquidity position. We ended the year with over $1 billion of total liquidity that includes $954 million of availability under our asset base loan facility, plus $169 million of cash on hand, and I just mentioned the redemption that were going to do of the 6-1/2s. That will eat up a part of that available liquidity, but even after redeeming the 6-1/2s, well still have about $700 million of total liquidity available to us, so that puts us in a very strong position for a company of this size in a cycle at this point in the cycle. A few thoughts on our fleet; we continue to manage the fleet consistent with our fleet management strategy during the quarter. We continue to aggressively transfer fleet, as Mike mentioned to optimize the use of the capital that we have invested in fleet, so we transferred $1.4 billion of fleet in the quarter, and that represents about 36% of our overall fleet size. As Mike said, this is a nice lever that we have to address our customer needs with greater utilization rather than putting more capital into the business. At the end of December, our overall fleet age was 42.4 months. Thats up a month from September, but its still below the 43 months that we previously guided to at the end of the year, and again that is consistent with the approach that we have decided to take in managing the fleet. On a year-over-year basis, our overall fleet size was down by 9%, while on a unit basis, the OEC was down 26,000 units or 11%, again consistent with the strategy were taking. We wanted to size the fleet last year appropriate to the level of demand, and we think we have done that well.  With all of that as background, let me address few of the financial results. First on revenues, rental revenue was down 26% in the quarter, and within that, rates were down 9.6% year-over-year for the quarter. Time utilization was down 2.4% points, and dollar utilization for the quarter came in at 46.0%, which is down 2.7 percentage points from the third quarter which is the seasonally strong quarter for us. For contractor supplies, revenue was down 40% year-over-year, and that reflects our continued strategic focus on the higher margin contractor supply sales along with the overall soft operating environment. We did improve margin. Gross margin improved for the quarter by 130 basis points compared to last year.  On used equipment sales, we generated $37 million of proceeds during the quarter. Although thats down slightly from the third quarter, our sales were in line with our fleet strategy, and our margins were sequentially consistent with the trend that we saw in the third quarter. So when we put all that together, with the cost performance that we talked about earlier, our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter came in at $149 million, and the margin on that EBITDA was 26.8%. And even though thats not where we want to be on a margin basis, its still allowed us to end the full year with a margin of 26.6%, in a very challenging environment.  Those are the remarks that I wanted to make on 2009 very briefly. On 2010, well continue to execute the strategy that Mike mentioned. Driving efficiency is a prominent part of that, but also the customer segmentation strategy is key as well. The environment continues to be challenging for us in terms of visibility for our outlook, and so weve chosen to continue the same level of guidance weve given throughout 2009, and it will focus on the same metrics.  For SG&A, we expect to continue to reduce SG&A this year by another $25 to $35 million. On cost of rent excluding depreciation, we expect to reduce another $70 to $90 million for the full year compared to 2009. Put those together, that $110 million worth of additional cost reductions in 2010, and if you look back over the last couple of years, 2008 and 2009 combined have resulted in nearly half a billion dollars of total cost reduction for the company. Thats consistent with the strategy and certainly going to be a continuing focus in 2009. On fleet, we expect the fleet to age into the high 40s during the course of this year, but again we dont expect any significant impact of that aging to our ability to generate revenue. Were keeping our fleet well maintained, and thats really all that matters to the customers. For free cash flow, we expect to generate $175 to $200 million of free cash flow in the year. That will be after investing about $100 to $120 million of net renal capex during the course of the year. That will also include by the way about $40 million of a net cash tax refund for the year. And like in 2009, well use that free cash flow to pay down debt.  So those are the comments on 2010. Before I open for Q&A, Id just like to reemphasize the points that Mike made. Weve got a clear strategy. Were focused on driving it, and we believe that weve got a lot of good momentum built up. We certainly have the people to execute on the strategy, and we feel confident that were going to make progress in a challenging environment in 2010 and position ourselves for better performance when better times come. With that, Id ask the operator to open up the call for Q&A.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn  UBS:   Could you talk a little about how you see nonresidential industrial demand for renal is as we go through 2010, maybe compared with what you saw in the fourth quarter?
Michael Kneeland:  We continue to see a decline in our primary markets. That came through the back half of 2009. The rate of decline seemed to have mitigated itself, ever so slightly. As Ive stated before, we do believe that we will hit bottom in 2010 and begin a slow climb out, but its not going to be until 2011 before you really see any meaningful comparisons on a year over year basis. Were going to continue to defleet Henry, as we go through this year, but just not at the pace we did last year, so that will obviously have some impact on our revenue generation.
Henry Kirn  UBS: How should we be thinking about the capex for nonrental PPE, and how should we be thinking about interest expense as we go into 2010?
William Plummer : For non-rental capex, I think you can look for us to continue to be aggressive in how we manage that number, and so compared to 2009, I think thatd be starting place but we will be aggressive in trying to shave non-rental capex against what we did in 2009.
Henry Kirn  UBS: And on the interest expense?
William Plummer: You see all the components of debt. You can probably do the math as well as I can. I would expect that on a GAAP basis, interest expense will be up slightly compared to 2009 simply because we had so many of the gains on debt repurchases that flowed through interest expense in 2009. If you adjust to take out those gains and other amortization writeoffs from the 2009 number, I think youre looking at interest expense being again just slightly down from that adjusted basis. So itll be up slightly on a GAAP basis, lets put it that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Wells  Thompson Research.
David Wells  Thompson Research: Could you walk us through the difference in your rental margin between Q4 and Q3? I am just trying to get a sense of given the topline decrease, we saw I guess a greater decrease in margin, and was that just a deleveraging effect or were there some factors in that?
William Plummer: Renal margin Q3 was 32%, Q4 was 26.2%. Within that, its a seasonally soft period for us, so revenues in general will come, so you will have less ability to amortize fixed costs over the revenues. So thats just sort of a normal seasonal pattern for us. We did have as I noted greater investments in some of the fleet, and so we had a little bit of incremental cost to get that fleet out into rental status. We had the nonoperating adjustments that I referred to as well. The $4 million of insurance reserves that we took in the fourth quarter contributed to the margin reductions, and then a host of other puts and takes that really are a lot of small ones. So those are the key things that I pointed out.
David Wells  Thompson Research: Looking at the free cash flow guidance for year, Im trying to get a sense of where the swing is coming relative to 2009. I guess your Capex is going up $70 million plus. Presumably youve got $100 million of additional cost savings, so where is that differential of $150 million relative to 09 coming? Is that just softness in operating results or are there some other factors at work there?
William Plummer: You have to remember that were defleeting during the course of this year, so our average fleet size is going to be down significantly from 09 to 2010; so smaller fleet, less fleet on rent, less ability to generate operating capex. Weve also got rate carryover 09 to 10. Our rates came down during 09, so even if we kept the rates at a constant level throughout the entire year, thered be a negative carryover effect from rate, and a point of rate is worth a decent amount of EBITDA and cash flow, so those are probably the two big offsets to the benefits that well have from lower cost and the other good things that are going on in the company.
David Wells  Thompson Research: Lastly, given what youve scene on the rate front over the last four months, would you anticipate that youd be able to push rates up on fleet to combat the incremental piece of fleet that goes out the door, or is it just too early to tell? 
Michael Kneeland : Its still too early. Were right in the thick of the lowest part of the cycleour seasonality in the first quarter, and we come back and see our rates every day. As Bill mentioned, our rates were down 11.8% for the year, so thats not where we want to be. We do have systems in place. Having said that there are opportunities and areas where we are seeing demand. We are taking full advantage of that. So where were spending our capital and where we see demand in the field, clearly thats where we see the opportunities to improve rates. Its still challenging. Its something that we as an industry have wrestled, but the reality of it is, we continue to struggle with all the competitors out there for various reasons, but the actions that were taking we think will bear some fruit. What do I mean by that? I do that the ability to change our rates systematically with one switch overnight will give us the opportunity to react quicker and to adjust our rates. So thats where were going, and also having that discussion before you make that rate has also helped us. Its an ongoing process in our industry and for the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:   Bill, congratulations on the faster reporting. Its symbolic of the improvement going on there, so nice work. Just following up on some of the free cash flow questions, how do you think about it with regard to your spend? I view it as potentially conservative if we have another tough year. There will be a lot more fleet reduction and therefore you will be spending less on growth and there could be upside from that. Of course, there is the offset of the lower cash from operations, but how did you build that up and would you say that it comes at a conservative level?
Michael Kneeland : I think that weve always been labeled as being conservative, and we try to be down the fairway. The one thing for both Bill and I, if we can wrap our arms around it, well update you as we go forward. What we see right now to address your question on spend, it is really driven by demand that were seeing from some of the customers that were bringing in, these national accounts, these industrial accounts, areas where were positioned well. Its a balancing act, and its balancing against what demand and where we anticipate it going. Keep in mind, youre right, we could always sell more fleet. We could spend less if need be, and I think weve proven in 2009 that were willing to do that if we have to. For 2010, we think that well start to see the bottom and see some improvement. Were making some strides with some of our customers, and we see that as opportunity, so the way we look at it today and it can change obviously, and well update you, but with costs, its what we can wrap our arms around. If we get more, well report it and well say we can do more. With regard to our spend, if demand is there, well spend it. If its not there, we wont, and if we have to balance that against selling something today in the market for 30 or 40 cents on the dollar and say next year you have to spend 100 cents on the dollar, thats the ongoing process that we go through every day. So its not a perfect answer to your question, but were balancing it, but we have the vision of looking at what our customer demand is.   
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: With regard to industrial, could you speak to developments youre seeing in pricing there relative to the nonindustrial business? Are the pricing trends similar, or are we seeing a spread between the two emerging?
Michael Kneeland : Our average is not dynamically different from our company average, and again whats attractive is the fact that they keep it out for longer periods, they dont damage it, thats less costly for us to turn it around. So thats the opportunity that we see out there on the rate side of things.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: With regard to industrial, and Im going to tie national accounts into this, you said industrial in the past had a goal of 30%. I think its at 18% if Im recalling correctly. How quickly do you get there based on what youre looking at for 2010? What pieces of your mix of industial, nonindustrial, other do you see going up and down over this coming year, and then just tying in national accounts as well in the end?
Michael Kneeland : Of the 233 national accounts, 62 were industrial. We have to continue to earn that business every day. Joel Dickson and his team, I continue to focus with them to sign more accounts to bring them into us, and then our management team has to go out there and continue to earn not only their business but their share of wallet, and thats what were focusing on. Our goal is to be at 30% in two years. Thats our goal. Its a stretched goal, but I think we can get there. I think that were setting the stage today as an organization, that were focused on the customer, and that were driving the metrics that will attract that customer and hold that customer, but thats where we stand and thats our internal goal.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: On national accounts, any particular goal for 2010? Is it at 24% right now?
Michael Kneeland : Its at 24%. We dont publicly come out with what we expect every year. Our goal over the next several years would be somewhere in the vicinity of 40-45%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Bill, I missed your comment. On your free cash flow, if I caught it correctly, includes a cash tax refund of what amount?
William Plummer : About $40 million.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: When will that be paid out?
William Plummer : It will be in the first half; it could be first quarter, it could be second quarter.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: What is the exact number of your OEC? The amount of outstanding, instead of the 3.8, can you give us more figures?
William Plummer : Its 3763.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Speaking to the business itself, as you talk about the incremental COGS savings that youre targeting for this coming year, where exactly are those coming from, or can you bucket those for us and give us a little sense of how you will go about achieving them?
William Plummer : Last year, they came just about in every line, and we expect that to be the case again this year, so well continue to make decisions about salary and benefit levels, headcount levels underneath those. Well continue to be aggressive around our facility costs. We had some benefits there this year. Mike noted that R&M expense was down 17% year over year. We put in some new technologies that we think can help us take R&M expense again down this year. And again a host of other lines that we could point to that come out of process changes, out of technology changes, out of streamlining our processes overall, and out of automating that we think can play through the whole rental process. So its hard to describe what the program is for taking cost out because its so broad across the entire organization.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: The last bucket of questions I have is around the borrowing base. Its kind of two-fold; first, can you remind us how often the borrowing base is calculated, and then secondly comment on what trends youre seeing around residual values please?
William Plummer : We have an audit and review every six months. The last one was in September, so were coming up again in March, so well be looked at again at the end of March. With respect to trends, I think RALS would probably be a better source, and what theyve seen is that values have increased over the last several months. I think the December RALS report was just out yesterday, for example, and I believe they showed an increase of about 1.6% over November, and thats been the trend for the last few months. Theyve been up in that 1% area, so it seems like there is a little bit of an uptick in values. Lets hope that that continues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso with ISI.
David Raso  ISI:  I didnt fully understand the answer about the reduced free cash flow for 10. If were generally speaking of $180 million decline in free cash flow year to year, we can account for roughly 80 of it from the higher net capex, so focusing on that other 100, first $110 million of cost savings year over year from a P&L perspective, is most of that cash savings?
William Plummer : Yes. Most of it is cash cost flowing down. 
David Raso  ISI:  Then you also mentioned, I believe a tax cash saving of around $40 million?
William Plummer : Yes. Theres a cash tax refund based on the losses that we incurred in 2009 that we will realize in 2010. Thats part of the free cash flow for this year, and that was $40 million. 
David Raso  ISI:  So the analysis of how do I lose another $100 million of cash. So far, Im up $150 million. So I have to find a negative swing of $250. If your revenues decline 11% next year and you lose every dollar of cash, meaning every cost you have is fixed, which obviously is not true, then I see the $250. How am I losing $250 million cash flow there somewhere? I must be missing something.
William Plummer : Weve got a powerful de-fleet cycle going, and you have to really understand that to really be able to get into the cash impact of that. What we said in our press release was that our fleet would end the year at $3.6 billion as I recall, and thats down from $3763 that I just gave at the end of 2009. The average size of our fleet during 2010 will be down as a result of that, so when you look at the reduction in size of our fleet, along with an assumption around time utilization which is, lets just say time utilization stays flat year over year, thats a pretty powerful negative impact on earnings and cash flow, so thats a big chunk of that missing cash flow if you will, and then you have to look at the impact of rate. I mentioned that weve got a negative carryover effect from rate, and thats assuming that rates stay stable throughout the course of 2010. If revenues are going down, to use your 11% number, you have to make it some kind of assumption about how rates are going to perform in that environment. They are likely to be down, so rate impact is very powerful in affecting cash flow as well, so the combination of de-fleet and rate challenges is probably the bulk of the delta that youre trying to explain in free cash flow. There are other nicks in that; as I said interest expense would be up a little bit, so there will be a little bit of an impact from cash interest expense. Its not major, and then there are some elements in terms of the mix of revenues that could have an impact. Those are the key missing pieces, and weve made our estimate for what 2010 is going to look like and thats where the cash flow falls at. Does that make sense to David? 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Philip Volpicelli with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Philip Volpicelli  Cantor Fitzgerald: First question is what is the restrictive payments capacity to go from United Rentals North America to United Rentals, Inc., please?
William Plummer : The RP limitation right now is the most stringent one is in the 6-1/2s, which are still outstanding, and that as we have said in the past several hundred million dollars negative. The basket is negative by several hundred million dollars. Once we redeem that issue, the next most restrictive payment limitation will be in our senior subordinated notes. Both the 7 and the 7-3/4 have RP limitations. Their baskets are also large negative, several hundred billion large negative there. The good news there is that they are subnotes, so the limitation would only prohibit us from upstreaming cash to the holding company, but I also should point out that the new senior unsubordinated notes that we did, the 10-7/8 and the 9-1/4 have RP limitations as well, and their baskets are also negative, but slightly negative. They are only negative to the extent of net losses that we have incurred since they have been issued, so I think the 10-7/8s, the RP basket is negative in the tens of millions.
Philip Volpicelli  Cantor Fitzgerald: In terms of free cash flow, you said you were going to pay down debt. Is it continuing to extend maturities or is there something special that you plan to do with the cash flow?
William Plummer : We certainly will look at the best opportunities for paying down debt. Weve got as I am sure you know a put on our 1-7/8s convertible note issue that is available to investors in October. We expect that to be put, so thatll absorb $115 million roughly of the cash flow, and then well look for opportunities beyond that that make sense for us. We dont have a specific action in mind right now for using the rest of the cash. 
Philip Volpicelli  Cantor Fitzgerald: In terms of overall fleet oversupply in the industry, it appears that it might be getting a little bit more in line with demand. How do you guys see that, and can you break it up possibly regionally?
Michael Kneeland : I would say that theres still an oversupply of aerial equipment, particularly the smaller units. Large boom seems to be doing very well, and that would be across North American on balance. Earth moving is starting to improve. Earth moving is not just the big earth moving, but more like small excavators, loaders, skids loaders. You see pockets of that. Its actually doing well on the West Coast and also up in the North East and in Canada as well. Florida I think is still ways off from needing any kind of equipment and probably still a little oversaturated, but I would say from a macro view, earth moving is doing better, as you would expect because its usually the first line into the business, or in the construction cycle, and aerial will be toward the tail end, and thats also reflective if you take a look at the RALS report. The used prices are actually increasing on earth moving, and aerial is flat and in some products its actually down. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Doherty with Oppenheimer & Co.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co:  On your expectations for fleet at the end of 2010, at that point, do you expect that your fleet will be such that youre running at what has historically been a 68 to 70% type target on utilization or do you think that there still be some fleet in their that will be able to absorb demand as it comes back into 2011?
Bill Plummer: Given the profile of 2010 that weve assumed right now, I would say its hard to imagine that a $3.6 billion fleet would be able to operate at high 60s, 67-68% utilization at the end of this year. Mike, feel free to disagree with me, but that would be a great environment if we were able to achieve it.
Mike Kneeland: Thats right. Are we building towards that? Yes. Are we changing our customer segmentation to maximize the fleet? Yes. Will it take time? Yes, but not in 10.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co:  When demand does come back in 2011 as you expect, you probably wont have to increase your capex spend to handle that. Youll have some latent EBITDA growth there before you have to actually spend to service it.
Mike Kneeland:  Thats a great point, and its something that I have mentioned when I was out on the road. Youre right. When people ask us about the needs for capital, we still have room to improve our time utilization, and we would get improvements in our rates at the same timeframe, so those are the two areas that you would see, first time, rate, and then you would see more investment needed.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co:  Your rates were down this quarter, I think you said 9 point something percent. If you think of the effect of mix on that, is mix a positive or a negative to that number?
Mike Kneeland: Mix has some of it. Geography has it as well, and it plays out all over North America, but some of the regions do better, but its all market driven. Mix is part of it, but not all of it.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: But that number that you gave does not include mix, does it?
Mike Kneeland: Its constant.
Bill Plummer:  Its a constant mix calculation Chris, and so there is not an explicit mix impact there, but I think Mikes comments are dead on. Even if we had a mix impact, its probably not the major part of the story.
Operator: Ill like to turn the program back to management for any further remarks.
Mike Kneeland:  I want to thank all of you for joining us today, and as you can see, while we are mindful of the economy, our focus is on the elements of our business that are within our control, and we also have updated our investor presentation on our website last night, so please feel free to download a fresh copy and call us with any questions here. Thank you very much. Have a great day and look forward to our next call.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer William Plummer - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Henry Kirn - UBS Manish Somaiya - Citi Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer David Wells - Thompson Group Seth Weber - RBC Yvonne Varano - Jeffries Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Heiko Ihle - Gabelli & Co. Philip Volpicelli - Cantor
Operator: Good morning and welcome to United Rentals third quarter 2009 investor conference call. Please be advised of this call is being recorded. Before we begin, please note that the United Rentals earnings release comments made on todays call and responses to your questions contain forward-looking statements. United Rentals business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the release. For a more complete description of these and other possible risks, please refer to the companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 as well as to subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access these filings on the companys website at www.ur.com. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements in order to reflect the new information on subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectation. You should also note that todays call will include references to free cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin. 
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, operator and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. With me is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of our Senior Management team. Bill will review our financial results and discuss some of the dynamics that contributed to our strong cash flow for the quarter. Before I begin, I want to take a moment to officially welcome Ned Graham who joined us as Vice President of Business Development in September. Many of you know Ned from his extensive background in the equipment rental industry. We are very pleased to have someone of Neds Caliber guiding our process improvements and business development strategy. Turning to our financial results, last night we reported EPS for the quarter that was essentially breakeven. Our rental revenue declined 30% for the quarter under the combined impact of rates and utilization. Rates were 11.8%, lower on a year-over-year basis, and time utilization decreased 3.8 percentage points to 64.2%, dollar utilization decreased 12.2 percentage points to 48.7%. On the positive side, our rates and operating income both showed sequential quarterly improvements and our rental revenue accounted for a higher percentage of our total revenues year-over-year, which is inline with our strategic objectives. We also have a good story to tell on cost control. We reduced our SG&A expense for the quarter by $33 million year-over-year and we brought down our cost of rentals by $64 million excluding depreciation. In addition, as we announced last night, we raised our outlook for full year free cash flow by another $25 million. So, theres several forces at work here, the numbers reflect the adverse impact of a construction cycle that dragged down our busiest season, but they also reflect the fact that we are making good on our promise to focus on the parts of the business that are within our control. As Im sure, this recession has really tested virtually every industry, especially those associated with construction. Companies had to choose between treading water and taking action. At United Rentals, weve chosen to step up rather than sit back. Ill elaborate on that after I share some thoughts on the operating environment. On our July call, we said that we expected to see a gradual end market recovery in the third of fourth quarter 2010. Today, with another three months of the cycle behind us, our view hasnt changed. Were basing that on a combination of forecasting services, our observations in the field, feedback from our customers and experience with past cycles. For the first time in more than a year, there are some early hopeful signs in the general economy although as we heard yesterday, new home sales were still very volatile and even if residential activity picked up steam tomorrow, we would expect to see a lag before non-residential followed suite. The recession this severe, the general economy needs be well into a recovery before our industry benefits. Companies have to start investing again and many analysts believe that wont take place for at least a year. When business is finally do expand, they will have an oversupply of vacant commercial space to choose from and credit is expected to remain tight for new construction and for all those reasons, we expect that commercial construction will be one of the last segments to recover. In the near term, were looking to capitalize on our presence in non-commercial sectors including industrial, utility, municipal, infrastructure, and to some degree residential. The diversity of our operations should allow us to tap into opportunities sooner rather than later. For example, construction of large facilities continues to move forward in some sectors particularly energy, education and medical. Currently, we have over 400 units on rent in an energy plant in New Mexico and infrastructure is getting a boost from stimulus money, which benefits our trench safety business as well as certain categories of general construction. Now looking ahead for 2010, renovation of existing commercial and industrial space is expected to increase as an alternative to new construction and in Canada where the cycle has been less severe, the outlook is encouraging. This environment is challenging for this definitely manageable, we laid out of strategy for the downturn more than 18 months ago and weve been executing that plan with discipline throughout the cycle. Weve learned that our model is strong and resilient when put to the test and whether the recovery turns out to be V shaped as in the past or U shape as most analysts seem to think, were in a position to do better than merely persevere. In fact, we believe that the actions were taking this year position us to outperform the market in 2010 regardless of the level of non-residential construction. Let me put some context to that statement. First, theres rate optimization, which has the potential to have a major impact on our revenue and margins. We are continuing to come up against intense competitive pressure on pricing, but we are determined to capture the best possible margin on every transaction. Last month, we successfully completed our initial rollout of price optimization and flipped a switch on new optimized rates in all of our branches. We also implemented a hard stop on rates in the field with real time approvals. In the fourth quarter, we will pilot customer centric pricing which should be operational all branches in 2010. Next, theres Operation United. We are continuing to retool our customer mix to include a more national accounts, longer term rentals and more profitable business in general. In the third quarter, our national accounts business represented 22% of rental revenue compared to 19% last year. Strategically, national accounts are a perfect fit for us. No other company in our industry can match our branch footprint or depth of fleet, by pursuing national accounts we have created a much more favorable playing field for growing the business. Now I want to take a minute to connect the dot between national accounts and our broader strategy of managing through downturn. Obviously there are various actions that companies can take when times get tough. We have chosen to de-fleet without significantly reducing our range, to close branches without exiting any markets and to cut costs the broad range of operations. By taking this approach, we are retaining our competitive advantage of size. This is important as we target our customers and it goes to the heard of our strategy. I also want to mention our industrial base, which includes many national accounts. Year-to-date through September, industrial customers accounted for 17% of total revenues, which is up two percentage points from the same period last year. These numbers reflect only a fraction of the revenue potential of the 39 industrial accounts we have signed in the first nine months of this year. Given the ground were gaining on the industrial sector, we believe that our goal of 30% of total revenues is very achievable. Now Operation United is not only about revenue mix. Theres a big customer service component to our strategy. Our branch employees are increasingly focused on efficiency and service not in the abstract, but in ways that can drive tangible sustainable improvements in our rental process. None of our customers are immune to the challenges of this economy. They may need fewer services at the moment, but that will change dramatically in an upturn. Right now we have an opportunity to show our customers how well we can perform. The relationships were building today are based as much on loyalty as on contracts. To continuous improve on customer service process all of our branches have been using a customer focused scorecard since midyear. You can see the scorecard in our latest investor presentation on our website. Our branches are using this tool to look very intently at five critical dimensions of service quality. They are service response time, on time delivery, off ramp pickup time, equipment availability and resolution of billing disputes. We know exactly what customers value most when it comes to service based on the surveys done by our company and the industry. For example, we measure service response time as starting with a service call and ending when the machine is up and running again. Thats what customers care about. If our metric only measured the time it takes to dispatch a service tech, weve been missing the point from a customers perspective. In total, there are 19 metrics associated with these five service dimensions. We track them daily based on 7 day, 30 day, 90 day and 12 month intervals. The connection between customer focus scorecard and profitability may not be as obvious as with rates or customer mix, but its just as vital. A satisfied customer is more likely to rent from us again and more likely to refer us to a colleague in both cases driving return on fleet. While Im on the subject of fleet, I want to mention used sales, equipment sales, which Bill will discuss in more detail. In the third quarter, we sold $100 million of used fleet based on original equipment cost, for a total of $555 million through September. Thats a big number, but the fleeting for us is still a very selective process. We look at current demand. We also think ahead to what our customers will need down the road. We want to right size or fleet as one shared pool of assets to extend its earnings power through equipment transfers and branch cooperation. Fleet management, rate management, process improvements and cost control are not stop gap measures for us. They are the essential part of our strategy to transform this business. Our goal is to continuously improve our performance in all of these areas in route to profitable growth. Furthermore, while we are very comfortable with our ability to invest the necessary capital in recovery, we also believe that we can operate this business much more efficiently than in the past. The silver lining to the recession is it gives us the space to recalibrate our operations with minimal disruptions to customers. I know I speak for our entire management team when I commend our employees for their role in this ongoing process. We have asked them to manage a great deal of change and theyre coming through like champions. For the time being, our operating representing enormous constraint on our top line. Our results show that we are dealing with the external challenges while gaining ground internally through discipline and focus. The actions we are taking are game changes for our company. Moving the needle on customer service improving our fixed cost structure, leveraging our size with national accounts and engineering a capital structure that supports our strategy for profitable growth. Clearly we are not willing to wait for this cycle to run its course. Instead we are building a bridge to the upturn with every means at our disposal. Were becoming a more efficient company with a better customer mix and a strong profit oriented vision for growth and we are positioning ourselves to earn a bigger share the apply in any economy at any market level and as we lead our industry back to recovery, we will have a wealth of new opportunities ahead for us. With that, Ill ask Bill to review our third quarter results and then we will go to Q-and-A and we will take your questions. Bill.
William Plummer: Thanks, Mike and good morning to everyone. As Mike said, Ill provide some more detail on our third quarter financial results. Before I do that, Id like to update you all on the outlook that we have been maintaining throughout the course of the year. Recall that we have got four objectives that we have set out for SG&A reduction, net rental CapEx, free cash flow generation and cost of rent reduction. The good news is were delivering against all four objectives and in fact; we have got sufficient confidence to raise three out of the four objectives for the full year. On SG&A, the $33 million reduction that Mike mentioned was the result of continued actions on all fronts. We had improvements in SG&A as it relates to salaries, benefits; travel and entertainment, professional fees, marketing spend nearly every line of SG&A was improved in the third quarter. The trend gives you a sense of how focused we are on this measure. Weve got other initiatives that were putting in place and the result has given us enough confidence to raise our target for SG&A reduction now to $95 to $100 million up from the $80 to $90 million that we had laid out at the end of the second quarter. On net rental CapEx, we continue to be comfortable, projecting about zero as a total for the year. We are on pace to hit that target if you look year-to-date, weve maintained about net zero so far, having spent $200 million roughly in gross CapEx and received $192 million in proceeds from used equipment sales. So, were on target weve been very discipline about the gross spend and we feel very comfortable again maintaining the net zero for the year. On free cash flow through the first nine months, weve generated over $320 million of free cash flow and again, thats against the target that weve previously announced of $325 million. So, obviously all the way there and that prompted us to raise the free cash flow target for the full year to about $350 million. I will touch on cost of rent a little bit later, but first a few thoughts on our capital structure and liquidity. As you recall in June, we issued $500 million of new senior notes. During the course of the third quarter, we used part of the proceeds of that issue to buy back $162 million of our 6.5% senior unsecured notes. We did that as part of managing our capital structure to manage the refinancing risks associated with the 6.5%. Ill also note that we continued purchases early into October we bought an extra $84 million of phase in 6.5s during the early part of October as well. If you look at the overall debt portfolio, we reduced total debt by $73 million in the quarter and $243 million in the first nine months of the year and if you add in the increase in cash, we reduced net debt by $315 million for the first nine months. On liquidity, we continue to have a very nice liquidity position. We ended the quarter with $847 million of total liquidity. That includes $686 million of availability under our ABL and another $149 million in cash. Now just a few words on our fleet, heres some of the ways that we executed our fleet management program in the quarter. We transferred $1.4 billion of fleet during the quarter and put that in context, thats 38% of our overall fleet changing its location from one branch to the other during the course of the quarter. Looking at our fleet age, we ended the quarter at a fleet age of 41.1 months. That was up one month from June and its fully inline with our target of about 43 months for the end of the year. During the quarter, the age of the used equipment that we sold was again typically high as we had been over the last several years. We averaged 76 months of age of the equipment that we sold during the quarter. The overall size of our fleet was down about 13%. OEC was down 13% at the end of the third quarter versus prior year and as you look at it on a unit basis, we also decreased the number of units about 33,000 units, which again was about 13% down on the prior year. So, with all that as context, let me give a few highlights of the financial results. First on revenues, as Mike mentioned, rental revenue was down 30% in the quarter and within that, rate was down 11.8% year-over-year. Time utilization was down 3.8 percentage points year-over-year. Although Ill note, time utilization did improve by 290 basis points on a sequential basis. Our dollar utilization for the quarter was 48.7% and while that was down significantly from the prior year, it was up sequentially as well 3.8 percentage points versus the second quarter. Our rental gross margins for the period improved sequentially as well. On a sequential basis, it was up 490 basis points for a 32.0% rental gross margin during the quarter. In contractor supplies, the revenue there was down 44% versus the prior year. That reflects the soft operating environment, but also reflects our continued focus on driving to higher margin sales. The gross margin improved over the prior year by 260 basis points in the quarter and if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, it improved by 320 basis points versus last year; and again consistent with the strategy of drive to the higher margin products. Our used equipment sales generated $41 million of proceeds in the quarter that was down from the second quarter, but the second quarter reflected a record amount of used equipment sales recall that was $271 million of OEC that we sold in the second quarter versus the $100 million that we sold in the current quarter. We will look at our costs. Weve already touched on SG&A, so let me spend a little time on cost to rent excluding depreciation. Mike mentioned that we saved $64 million this quarter versus the same quarter last year and those reductions came nearly across the board. We saw them in labor benefits, facilities costs and insurance in just about every line of our cost of rent X depreciation, we had improvements. Again, it continued the momentum that we have been building over the course of the year and we are going to continue to look for opportunities to drive more cost improvement. Mikes remarks about recent organizational changes I think reflect this. This is an area that we are transforming this business. Were simplifying, were streamlining, were automating wherever we can and we think we can do more. In fact, we now have enough confidence to raise the target that we have set for 2009 reduction in cost of rent. We are now saying $240 to $250 million of reduction this year versus the prior year and that is up from the $190 to $210 that we had mentioned in the second quarter. So, thats all I want to say about cost, but you put that together with our revenue performance and we delivered EBITDA on an adjusted basis of $184 million for the quarter. That was at a margin of 31.1% and although that margin was down significantly from last year, which was 36.9%, again Ill point out that it was sequentially higher than the second quarter and in this case up by almost 700 basis points. Before we go to Q-and-A, let me make just a few brief comments about how we see 2010 unfolding and what impact it will have on our business. Mike mentioned what we see in terms of the macro environment and as we speak, were trying to translate that macro environment into our budget for next year were going through our budget process right now. Well provide more color on 2010 in February but for right now, let me just say that operationally, we expect to outperform the market. As Mike mentioned, we will realize better price through our price optimization work. Operation United is going to help us drive more OEC on rent and improve our mix. Again, we will continue to carry this years cost momentum into next year to benefit our margins. We expect our fleet to age during the year next year into the high 40s, but we dont think that will have any significant impact on our business. We also expect to be significantly free cash flow positive next year and we will use that to delver further as appropriate during the course of the year. Those are my comments for now. I would like to ask the operator now to open up the call for Q-and-A, operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS
Henry Kirn  UBS: Question about the trench safety business since thats one of the early indicators on when things get better. What do you see in there? 
Michael Kneeland: It has seen an impact this year, Henry like its been affected by the overall economy just like every other segment of the company. What we are seeing is it is starting to see some benefits around the stimulus spending as more projects come forward and just to kind of give you a quick update on that, roughly theres about just under 7000 projects that have been funded that are in the pipeline and that roughly is about $35 billion of spend. A lot of that is around infrastructure. We have been tracking those through the course of the year and some of the projects that were seeing in spending as benefiting them like the Minneapolis utility tunnel and sewage treatment plant, the project I mentioned last quarter in Salt Lake City as well as other projects in New York and across North America. So, next year it should benefit very well as the stimulus package starts to unfold.
Henry Kirn  UBS: In terms of your fleet, could you talk a little bit about maybe by type of fleet where you would be looking to still add fleet and de-fleet as we go to the next nine months to a year?
Michael Kneeland: Its the same program weve been mentioning all along will be de-fleeting in aerial and adding more I would say de-fleet. Well change our mix so that well not be adding as much aerial. We will be adding more earthmoving and then some other products as well as we go into the industrial sector, but I would say that when you look at forklifts; forklifts, were not going to be expanding reach forklifts. Youll see us expand in the arena of industrial forklifts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Manish Somaiya  Citi
Manish Somaiya  Citi:  First one on used equipment prices, we did see used equipment prices improve in July and August and I wanted to get your thoughts if that is sustainable.
Michael Kneeland: If you go through time and you take a look at the past, as you go into the fourth quarter, historically our used prices come under pressure. My sense was that will continue as we go through the fourth quarter, but then as we start to come through in February, they should bounce back as youre starting to see the stimulus package and earthmoving type related jobs start to move forward. Thats consistent with what were seeing in the used market where youre seeing specifically certain categories of equipment that have actually firmed up as we have gone through the year. I think aerial when you break that apart, booms will still be very resilient and I should say pressure will be towards the scissor lifts. So, I think that used market will start to begin to improve as we go through 10.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Just a follow up on the acquisition that you made of Leasco in July, do you see more opportunities along those lines to build out your industrial business as we look ahead? 
Michael Kneeland: We are always looking. Ill tell you, the Leasco acquisition was timely and a great acquisition for us because it gave us a lot of insight and best practices for a company thats been around for 20 years. So, yes were always looking for those types it has to fit within our total package of what were looking at with a high concentration of industrial. Were looking for areas where we can learn, but were always open to those ideas Manish.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Just lastly for Bill, the free cash flow guidance looks fairly conservative based on what you have done in the first nine months. Can you just give us more color as to why are you think the fourth quarter may not be as powerful from a free cash flow generation perspective as it has been historically?
William Plummer: First and foremost, its seasonally a slower operating cash flow generating quarter, but I think probably more to the point, we have still some notions of some amount of CapEx spending that we want to do late in the year.  We have dial back or accelerated into the earlier part of the year, Ill say, our used equipment sales and so the proceeds will probably be a little lighter in the fourth quarter than otherwise it might have been and you put all that together and it adds up to a free cash flow outlook that we felt 350 was the most prudent number to put out. We will look for opportunities to drive it a little higher and we will just have to see how things well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: I wanted to ask around this concept of moderate recovery in late 2010, what do you view and some of the key factors that you think will be driving that and how are you approaching that analysis, please?
Michael Kneeland: We look at some of the forecasts, particular global insight where they are predicted around the same timeframe, that somewhere in the second or third quarter we should hit bottom and start to come back out of it which is inline with their expectations.  Beyond that, we also look at other things that kind of give us a read of whats happening out there; inventory levels, transportation, are we moving products across North America to see if that has been having an up tick. We also take a look at the ABI index to see what kind of level of activity is being generated from a planning process. We also talk to our customers and the also are tracking all of the stimulus money by state, by project and we know when that money has been released and who is getting that type of work. We also when you take a look at some of the leading indicators and you look in the past, some things have changed. Historically, you saw residential come up and then as residential came up, non-res would follow anywhere between a range from six months to 18 months in that timeframe but we had a dramatic change in our credit structure here. So, I think all bets were off were tracking everything. Were looking at a multitude of different leading indicators and I think the biggest takeaway, Emily, is that when we look at our customer mix, were trying to blend it so that were looking at residential, industrial, infrastructure and commercial construction. So, were trying to have a broad range of customers that we think that will benefit in any aspect of the construction cycle.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Specific to your conversations with customers, do you get the sense that the majority of them are of that opinion as well, that kind of a late 2010 we should see a bottoming and then a beginning of a pickup?
Michael Kneeland: Theyre anticipating a better 10 or I should say, not the declines they saw in 09. Theyre seeing it will be bottomed out. I will tell you that they have seen a tremendous activity of bidding whereas historically you may have all seen five or six bidders. You are now seeing a couple of dozen bidders.  The larger contractors have a tendency to reach farther down in the construction dollar value than they would have historically would like, but they are doing that because they have that wherewith all and they have the expertise to do a broad range of different types of construction. So, our customers are basically saying that they anticipate that the back half of 10 will be better than the front half.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Bill, I have a question for you just on the balance sheet. I want to make sure that I have this right. In terms of looking at the dollars that are available for future bond repurchases at the HoldCo, is the $270 million inter-company receivable at the parent the number to use on the condensed balance sheet?
William Plummer: That was number at the end of last year. If youre looking at the Q, the page before is the September 30 balance its 199.
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Then just my last final question is as is the case across the industry, there is some pretty significant EBITDA deterioration. How high a leverage number are you comfortable operating in this business at as we look through the trough period?
William Plummer: Emily, without putting a specific number on it, I think the pertinent question is do we feel uncomfortable with the level of leverage that we have today or we might reasonably have over the next near term period, because I view this next near term period as being the better of and I guess without putting a number on it, I would say we are very comfortable with the overall level of leverage that we have in the company today, obviously we want to continue to pay it down as we generate free cash flow, but we are comfortable that where we sit today will carry us through the trough of the cycle and will be well positioned for the upside coming.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: Just want to talk a little bit about pricing in terms of maybe just within the poor visibility and whether you are seeing any seasonal weakness heading into Q4 and then also, the thought of the elasticity of pricing, clearly there was a lot when the market started come down. Do you think pricing will ramp back up as much as it came down when the supply demand balance sort of switches around?
Michael Kneeland: I think as I mentioned before in the second quarter that as you go into the fourth quarter, theres a lot of variables that play out. Let me just kind of give you our take on those, one of which is if you take a look at what happened last year, we saw a decline. We expect a decline to continue through the back half to the fourth quarter into the first quarter of next year. So we dont know what the strategy and the decisions of some of our competitors are not just the local. Its the local, its the regional and the nationals, all of them put together. So, thats kind of one data point that you have to say we dont know what their strategy is going to be. The other part of it is that there is a seasonal part of our business where the larger projects continue on. They continue on to the fourth quarter and into the first quarter and beyond. Those rates on fluctuate. Our larger customers, theyre not going to fluctuate. Where we will see fluctuation is the fact that some of our more transactional or smaller customers with smaller work, they will ramp up in the third quarter, theyll decline in the fourth quarter and start to slowly build up in the first quarter. So just on that, mix will have some impact as well. As we go through 2010, again it depends on what the economy moves forward. There are some companies that are stressed. The one way that they try to survive is lower rates. So we dont know whats going to play out in the future. All I can tell you is that we are prepared and we have a different approach which is more scientific by nature through our pricing optimization program.
Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer: Then just in terms of I just want to clarify sort of the 2010 macro comments. The thought is that the second half of 2010 is better than the first half of 2010, but do you think youre going to start to see year-over-year improvement in the second half of 2010?
Michael Kneeland: I think you wont really see significant year-over-year improvements until 11. I think it will take a while to build up. Youre coming from a lower base. So, my sense it would be 11 before you see really year-over-year improvements.
Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer: Bill, just one last question in terms of the free cash flow guidance, or just drilled down. Is there anything in working capital that stands out for the fourth quarter, any interest payments or any pay downs of prepaid or anything like that that would have a significant flex between Q3 and Q4?
William Plummer: Nothing prominent, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wells - Thompson Group.
David Wells - Thompson Group: I guess just to take a little bit further on the pricing, if you could walk us through maybe month-by-month of the quarter, did you see the environment improve as you went through each month and then as you exited the quarter that continue? I guess Im just trying to get a sense of like what you discussed earlier, how much was a function of just raw seasonality and how much was actual kind of economic improvement from a pricing perspective?
William Plummer: Thats a question we wrestle with quite a bit internally. Without going to a month-by-month breakdown of the improvement that we saw in the third quarter, I think its fair to say that the third quarter generally reflected the level of seasonality that is in the market today. Its muted versus prior year seasonality but it was there.  I think its also fair to say that we would expect the fourth quarter to reflect the normal seasonality that we would see for Mikes comments. Again, muted versus prior years, but still reflecting some seasonality, which would imply a little bit of pressure on pricing. So, I think thats as far as we would like to go rather than trying to part out a month-by-month change.
David Wells - Thompson Group: Then I guess if you could give some additional color on that if you talked about the rollout of the new pricing system and getting more of a baseline out into your branches and kind of Im curious what did that entail and was that a significant change from prices that had already been set in the marketplace and then what the response has been both from the branch and from your customers?
Michael Kneeland:  We started this project going back in January of this year, or actually it was December a year ago. We started focusing on the dynamic pricing model. Its in phases we announced it in first quarter. We basically said that going into the third quarter that we would have our baseline reset that takes a lot of different things to task. We dont want to go into specifics, because we spent a lot of time and money to maintain that, but it looks at time utilization type. It looks at geographic footprint and mix. It looks at the area where the customers go. What we put in place in the third quarter was we reset our baseline. On top of that, we put a hard stop, a hard stop, which would require an approval process. So that once you want to go below a certain level, we require someone to actually go into the system and improve it. What we want to achieve there is to have the discussion of why you would want to do that deal, who is the customer, why is it important, where are you on your returns and how would it impact us in the future. So theres a discussion that we have in advance as opposed to looking in the rearview mirror with exception reporting. Exception reporting would basically say, I did this deal, why did you do this deal? The problem is its already been executed upon. So thats kind of where we are. Where we are going to go is trying to drive, its a combination of driving profitable growth. Its as much to do with revenue as it does with adjusting the rate and what it will be is something that every one of our sales reps will have at their fingertips A rate that will be live, real time, be able then to determine the length of duration, that type of customer and give them a rate that is we believe based on all of the work that weve done, a lot of heavy lifting to be the most accurate and most profitable for us. I hope that answers your question.
David Wells - Thompson Group: I guess lastly, it looked like in terms of fleet transfer that the overall dollar number was fairly flat with the second quarter and I was curious if you felt like that was a fairly sustainable rate as you think about the next nine to 12 months and then even looking into 2011. As a percentage basis of your OEC, is that kind of something that youre targeting or should we think about that differently?
Michael Kneeland: We dont have enough trend data built up in the trend lines to make an accurate observation. As you know when we started this up, we ramped up quarter-over-quarter and then in the second quarter, some of that was impacted because we had a significant amount of closures and transported equipment. As you have gone forward, youre seeing that kind of consistently play out. Well have more reports to dive into to take a look at, how we can drive our fleet movement more efficiently, but my sense would be that the levels youre seeing today will play out in the future. If there are other opportunities, we will try to maximize it. I think the other key takeaway is that about 70% of that movement is within a trade area branch-to-branch and then we also monitor how much would be moved from district-to-district and then as you go even further up to the region-to-region, that number gets smaller, which sounds about right because you want to make sure you have the right equipment in the right spot. It doesnt mean we dont do it, we do, but its all part of our fleet management process.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber - RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of transparency into what youre seeing on the industrial side versus construction for pricing and utilization, whether one of them is up or down mid single digits, maybe industrial is down mid single digits and construction is down 15%, something like that. Can you help us a little bit?
Michael Kneeland: Were not tracking the industrial. The industrial has comedown. It has been impacted. In this economy, everything has been impacted. What I will say, when you took at rental rates and we look at rental rates not only from industrial will classified as our national accounts. The rates are not dynamically that far off at all from our current rates. Its just longer in duration. So we havent seen anything been impacted in that arena as we go forward and the one reason we dont always just measure whats happening in growth in industrial is, because we see that as an opportunity for us. Were starting with a much smaller number. So were just looking at it as opportunity to maximize and leverage our size.
Seth Weber - RBC: So just to clarify, youre saying youre not really seeing a material difference in change between the industrial business and the rest of the business?
Michael Kneeland: No.
Seth Weber - RBC: Was your national account in industrial revenue, the absolute revenue up sequentially?
Michael Kneeland: Youre talking about from quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year? 
Seth Weber - RBC: Quarter-to-quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Quarter-to-quarter, it was up. On a year-over-year basis, it was down slightly, but we didnt see the decline that we saw in our overall portfolio. We were down 30%. It was down in the mid to low single digits.
Seth Weber - RBC: Then just on the age of the fleet, so your aerial fleet is up to I think 45 months at this point. If you get into next year where youre talking about overall fleet age in the mid 40s, that would I guess put your aerials into the upper 40s. Is that right? I mean at what point does that become prohibitive?
William Plummer: Actually, were saying the overall fleet age will be in the high 40s next year, but your point still remains that the overall fleet will age and the aerial fleet included. We dont see that aging as inappropriate or anything that will impact our ability to rent equipment. So we dont have a lot of concern, even though it does imply that the aerial component will age as will the rest.
Michael Kneeland: Seth, I just want to add to that, if you take a look at our fleet mix in our aerial, you pointed out, thats where we do most of our refurb. We dont change the age, so we just kind of age it out. Yes, it will age further. I have been in the industry for over 30 years and I will tell you that you can age the aerial equipment out even much further beyond the 15 month range, its not unusual. If you take a look at the industry today based on the Ross Report, the overall fleet age is around 46 months. We think that we will end the year around 43 months and as we go into next year, as Bill mentioned, kind of give you a range anywhere between, you can go to 47 to 49 months. We dont see that to be material and we will do more refurbs.
Seth Weber - RBC: You think the aerial age gets to 47 to 49, total fleet?
Michael Kneeland: No, just collectively all together. We dont break it out and project it that way.
Seth Weber - RBC: Then just last question, sorry if you said this, but the improvement on the used sale margins, is that just a function of doing less through the auction channel?
William Plummer: Primarily; the prices we received continued to be about what they were in prior quarters. If you look at the Ross data, the price trends seem to have flattened out and we did have a significant shift away from auction. We went from 52% auction in the second quarter down to the low 20s, 23% I think it was auction in the third quarter. So that shift helped us most definitely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yvonne Varano - Jeffries.
Yvonne Varano - Jeffries: Youve given some metrics in free cash flow and the age of the fleet for next year. Could you help us out with what you anticipate spending on new equipment next year?
William Plummer: Yvonne, we havent yet settled on a spend target or even a net rental CapEx target. We are discussing as we go through our budgeting process. So dont want to put anything out there today. I guess the only high level comment I would make is that if the macro environment is still challenging in the first half, I dont see a dramatic need to change versus what were doing in the current environment.
Yvonne Varano - Jeffries: Can you just talk about what your customers might be telling you on the credit side? It seems that credit is still really tight. Any indication it could be loosening anytime soon?
William Plummer: We havent heard a lot of specific indications that credit is loosening. Many of our customers still feel it tight. They still have a hard time maintaining and certainly maintaining the credit they have for projects ongoing, but in terms of new projects, its tough to find. So we havent heard much in the way of significant change in the credit environment for our customers. Mike, I dont know if you wanted to add anything.
Michael Kneeland: No, I think thats right, Bill. The credit had a major disruption. I think in the commercial side of things, its still going to be very tough going forward, in particular certain categories as you get into the smaller construction. To your point, Yvonne, starting to see a thaw, but its not trickling to any meaningful numbers.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: No, weve taken out some nice cost savings here. How much of that really stays out permanently or is there a way to look at it and you think you can do X amount of revenue with current cost structure before you have to add in again?
William Plummer: Weve been poking at that question ourselves, so let me tackle cost to rent first. If you look at the components of cost of rent that either are naturally variable or that reflect specific action that weve taken that might be undone at some point in the future when business gets better. We would probably say that of the $64 million saved that we had versus last year its about 50-50 whats permanent versus what might come back either through higher volume or through us making an election to add something back in the future. Maybe a little bit more skewed toward being fixed, but its about 50-50, lets say. If you look at SG&A, again for this quarter, $33 million saved versus last year. Of that, its probably skewed a little bit more towards fixed savings as well. Lets call it 52-48, 51-49, something like that. Again, the temporary components, things like selling costs will come back when revenue gets better and some other components may come back as well. For example, incentive compensation expense we all hope will come back, but weve seen saves in headcount reductions driving salary and benefit reductions. Reductions in professional fees that we dont think well come back; reductions in facility costs; reductions in T&E that were just managing better. Things like that dont have to come back and I guess Id say, one of the standards that you all should have for measuring us is, how much of it we might allow to come back. So lets call it roughly 50-50 permanent save versus saves that might come back for both cost of rent in SG&A. Does that help?
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: You made one other comment about not seeing any year-over-year improvement until 2011. Is that a revenue comment? Is that a rental rate comment? I just wasnt sure what exactly?
Michael Kneeland: Thats deals with construction in general. I think if you take a look at construction, where youre seeing the strength and the beginning of the strength is coming in the housing market, but it came down from a very low number, but the number Im talking about would be construction spending in dollars. It doesnt equate to revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Could you guys speak a bit to and I apologize, I hopped on a little late, so I may have missed a thing or two on some of these questions, but with regard to cost cutting, the ability to keep taking your targets down. Could you speak, is that more a product of the environment or is this youve had dry powder and you continue to have dry powder with regard to reductions? Then kind of a follow-up question to that is I didnt catch anything on your number of locations, if you could update me please on that and are you going through, if you are closing locations, are you closing them permanently? Are you basically shuttering them until things improve and just taking out the human capital costs but keeping the location site?
William Plummer: Ill tackle the location question. We closed three locations during the course of the quarter. We had another opening, so the net change was two over the quarter and we think that is consistent with the statements that we made previously that the heavy lifting in terms of the closures are done. We do see closures as an ongoing part of our business. Well continue to evaluate those on an as needed basis and make the decisions and inform you after weve done them. As it relates to the cost reductions, we feel like we do continue to have dry powder available for us to find other cost reductions. There are two things that will play out as we go forward on cost. One is sort of the full year effect if you will of what weve done already. As you go through 2010, well see some benefit play out from that, but we also have our eyes on new initiatives that we think can take more cost out, both in SG&A and cost of rent. Mike mentioned the addition of new talent and the focus on driving transformation in our business and driving streamlining, that will play to cost and we think there are opportunities there that havent been accessed yet. So well continue to drive at those. Same on SG&A and those will bear fruit, while we also enjoy the benefit of sort of the carryover effect of what weve done already.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heiko Ihle - Gabelli & Co.
Heiko Ihle - Gabelli & Co.: Just a quick question on the used equipment pricing, what are you seeing year-over-year and sequentially?
Michael Kneeland: On a year-over-year basis, it has been down. Sequentially, you see a mixed bag. On some of the earthmoving equipment and some of the aerial in specific categories or product lines, youre seeing it up, but only up slightly on a sequential basis, but you are seeing also other areas where its coming down based on certain categories. So I would say as we went through the third quarter, it sequentially got better. I still think that as we go through the fourth quarter, which is historically what weve seen is that it comes under pressure and then as it goes after January into February, it starts the clock ticking again and we would anticipate used prices start to improve as we go through 2010.
Heiko Ihle - Gabelli & Co.: Could you quantify that a little bit just in a percentage term?
Michael Kneeland: Percentage term, were talking about like one point or one and a half point sequential improvement in specific categories, but overall on a year-over-year basis, I would say were down in excess of 10 points.
Heiko Ihle - Gabelli & Co.: Then your store count say that 580. What do you think it will be around this time next year? I know youre moving to bigger accounts and presumably that requires less stores to maintain. What do you forecast on that?
Michael Kneeland: I think as Bill mentioned earlier, were going through a transformation in process improvement. I dont think that we have come to the conclusion of exactly what thats going to look like. Its a journey. Were marching towards that. As we bring in these customers and as we bring in the expertise and we drive the efficiencies that will determine what we do as the next step. One thing I will say and to add on to what Bill said about cost, is that we are committed to driving cost out of this business and improving our margins and this is the opportunity that were taking to do a lot of the heavy lifting as we go through this recession.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Volpicelli - Cantor.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor: Can I get the original equipment cost with a couple more decimals on $3.8 billion?
William Plummer: Give me one second, Phil. Actually, Ill have Chris Brown give it to you. Chris.
Chris Brown: Its 38.03 at the end of the quarter.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor: Then with the used equipment pricing firming up, is that more of a function of less supply coming into that market versus demand actually increasing for the used equipment?
Michael Kneeland: I would say its all of the above. I think what youre seeing is, some companies have, as they went through the seasonal cycle, less inclined to sell something. Some companies strategy is just to hold onto it for the future, because of where they are and their locations, but I would say its both of those are playing out.
Philip Volpicelli - Cantor: Then last question with regard to the capital structure, youve bought back quite a few of the 6.5s. Are you where you would want to be with regard to your capital structure? Where would you target next in terms of buying back debt?
William Plummer: I think its fair to say that we continue to look at opportunities to strength in our capital structure and manage the maturity profile, so that we feel very comfortable. I dont want to characterize it as were comfortable with the 6.5s or were not comfortable with the 6.5s. Were going to look across all of our issues and make the best decision at the time for what our next step will be. So, I would just say stay tune and you will see.
Michael Kneeland: Operator, I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q-and-A. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning on the call. As always, you are encouraged to look at our Investor Relations presentation, which has been updated for the third quarter and is posted on our website. Please feel free to download the presentation and to contact us with any questions. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  President and Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Henry Kirn  UBS Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co Manish Somaiya  Citi Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co
Operator: Welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter 2009 investor call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Operator. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer, and other members of our senior management team. Bill will discuss our current capital structure and review our financial results with you. But first, I want to spend some time on our environment in operations, including the initiatives that led us to increase our targets for free cash flow and SG&A savings for the year. As we reported last night, we now believe our free cash flow will be about $325 million, instead of the $300 million we had originally projected. We also expect to reduce our SG&A expense by $80 million to $90 million, which is about $40 million more than our original estimate.  Now both of these metrics reflect our ability to manage our business with discipline and purpose in a challenging environment.  Now as you will hear from us today, our second quarter story is one of sequential progress on key operational metrics in a market that is still declining, and that includes rates. But I also want to make it clear right up front that we're not satisfied with our current rate performance, even given the severity of this downturn. There are things that we can do to move our rates in the right direction and we're doing them, and I'll talk more about rates in a minute. This construction cycle is more severe than any in recent history, but it will run its course. We have made a conscious decision to manage the company through the recession by balancing short-term and long-term goals.  At the corporate level, we are pursuing a strategy of long-term profitability that is based on customer service leadership and shifting our customer mix towards larger, more profitable accounts. At the branch level, our field operations are focused on managing daily performance and protecting key relationships.  Equipment rental is a service business and to some degree, the amount of weight we carry in facilities, fleet, and payroll is a function of the need of our services. Our branch count shrank by 6% in the quarter, which we believe is an appropriate amount of right sizing given the current conditions. At the same time, we're investing in making our existing operations as competitive as possible. We are bringing discipline to every area of operations. And we believe that it is possible to continuously improve many of our metrics in the event  even in this environment. The timing of the recovery still has no consensus within our industry. Some of our customers are telling us that they are still working through backlogs of prior commitments, although the pipeline is dwindling. Commercial starts have taken the biggest hit. Institutional projects are doing better, particularly in medical, education, and energy sectors. Commercial construction will get no direct benefit from stimulus funds. And most analysts are predicting a decline in this sector in 2010. But the degree of decline is a matter for debate.  We've seen projections ranging from nearly flat year-over-year to bearish forecasts with declines in the double digits. Global Insight which tracks market activity for the American Rental Association expects commercial construction to decline 22% in 2010, hitting bottom in the third quarter. There's still a lot of volatility surrounding all areas of construction. Just as one example, the Architecture Billings Index for June dropped nearly five points to a rating of 37.7, which is disappointing after seeing signs of stability in the ABI for April and May.  Now despite some mixed signals, most construction analysts seem to think that the pace of decline will ease, but it hasn't hit bottom yet. And we agree. We believe that our end markets may stabilize and begin a gradual recovery in the third or fourth quarter of 2010. Now part of this timing has to do with the nature of non-residential construction, which typically trails in economic recovery by six months or more. There are two exceptions worth mentioning. One is Canada. Global Insight predicts that Canada will show modest gains, both this year and next, in the commercial and manufacturing sectors. As a broad statement, I can tell you that our own experience seems to support this. In general, we are finding the rate of decline to be less severe in our Canadian markets, than in the U.S. Another bright spot should be the stimulus spending. We haven't seen much impact from this yet, but Washington's beginning to apply pressure on states to spend the money more quickly on infrastructure. Our GSA certification and trench safety expertise make a strong case to use United Rentals for these jobs. In fact, we just got the green light for trench safety work on five miles of pipeline in Utah that's being built with stimulus funds. So that's a snapshot of our external environment. We're not prepared to say the worst is behind us. But for the first time, the worst seem to be in sight. And so does the other side. Now I'd like to turn the discussion inward to our operations. A few minutes ago, I mentioned that our strategy is helping to drive sequential improvements in key metrics. The other factor at play is that equipment demand always trends upward late in the second quarter, although this time the trend is very modest. We went into the quarter with our eyes wide open, knowing that any seasonal uptick would be muted by the recession and there would be no magic bullet. Instead, we stayed focused on our strategy of transforming this business to drive sustainable improvement in key metrics over time. As a result, we were able to mitigate the impact of the environment in the second quarter.  Now I want to spend a few minutes reviewing some of those metrics in the areas of rate management, fleet management, cost control, and our proactive approach to right sizing the business, as well as our focus on national accounts through Operation United. First, rate management, as I said in the past, rates are a complex issue. And there's no common platform for comparison in our industry. That's why one of the metrics that we look at is dolly utilization. The price a company can get for a rental transaction is affected by the overall economy, by fleet mix, customer mix, the duration of the rental and most of all by strategy. We manage our business for a balance of rates and utilization, taking all these factors into account. Right now our focus is growing our relationships with key customers, while ensuring that we make profit from those transactions. When we break the quarter down in terms of rate activity, there are some positive signs. We actually saw an improvement in sequential monthly rates in the quarter, when June rates increased 0.3% from May. And July will show an even larger sequential improvement. Rates are still very much lower than we'd like, but we're moving them in the right direction through intense rate management and a willingness to walk away from unprofitable deals. The challenge will come later this year and early next year when demand is likely to fall off. By then, we will have several months of data from our pilot program for price optimization.  We are currently using additional software to set rates in 92 pilot locations. This is letting us take a more scientific approach to rate management in the field with a goal of capturing business at an optimum price. Now we can make more informed decisions at market level and unprofitable deals will be more obvious to our branches.  Now turning to fleet, the three fleet metrics I want to focus on this morning are used equipment sales, OEC on rent, and time utilization. We have consistently said that de-fleeting is one of the leaders that we can pull if necessary. And we're making good on that promise. In the second quarter we sold 47% more fleet than in the prior three months, based on original equipment cost.  Another metric that showed sequential improvement in the second quarter was OEC on rent. On average, we had about $150 million more of OEC on rent in the second quarter, than we did in the first, despite significant de-fleeting. And we're going to have another sequential increase in July. Now some of this can be attributed to seasonality but it's also an indication that we're doing an effective job of fleet management. Time utilization is the third key metric related to fleet. Although time utilization is down year to date, we achieved sequential increases in a second quarter at a pace very similar to last year. Time utilization in April was 59.4, in May 61.2, and in June 63.3.  Now turn to cost control. In the second quarter we booked on our SG&A expense by $27 million on a year over year basis. That followed a reduction of $21 million in the first quarter. We closed 38 branches in the quarter which brings our total to 48 closures through June. We also opened two cold starts in the quarter. Since January of 2008 we have reduced our network by a net 115 branches from 697 to 582. This reduction is a dramatic shift from our company's historic pattern. It shows that we are committed to taking decisive action as difficult as these decisions may be. As our markets continue to shrink in the early part of the year we made proactive adjustments to our second quarter plan, and as a result we are able to further consolidate our operations with almost no disruption to customer service. However, reductions of any kind are never easy. There's always a human impact. In the second quarter we lowered our headcount by another 800 employees, with the majority of them at the branch level. And before I leave the subject of cost control I want to emphasize the actions we're taking are proactive rather than reactive. There is a strategic rationale for every decision we make. For example, in the process of closing branches, we're also optimizing our footprint with an eye toward an eventual recovery. And while we've increased our target for SG&A savings for the year, it's not the end of the story. We will continue to look at ways to take excess costs out of this business now and in the upturn. And before I turn the call over to Bill I want to spend a minute on Operation United International Accounts Program. For nearly a year we have been acting our decision to shift our customer mix towards larger construction and industrial accounts.  From July of 2008 through June of 2009 we signed 157 accounts, 111 of them came on board since January so our National Accounts Program is making significant progress. As expected many of these larger accounts are proving to be more resilient than our smaller more local customer base which is why we intensified focus on national accounts and should help with future cycles. We estimate that the new national accounts signed in the past six months represent a total of potential wallet of about $70 million in annual rental revenues even in this economy. We are confident that once these customers do business with us our ability to meet their needs will earn us a significant share of that buy. Now under the umbrella of National Accounts we are having success in leveraging our size to attract large industrial customers. Twenty-eight of the national accounts signed this year are industrial companies, and we have more on the horizon. Through mid year, industrial rentals contributed about 19% of rental revenues which is about 10 points shy of where we see as an optimum mix.  We're definitely on the right track with our industrial business. Of our top 15 industrial accounts 37 have been on board for at least a year giving us a basis for comparison. For the second quarter more than half of these recent accounts increased their revenues with us even through as the economy declined. Now as I've mentioned in the past, industrial rentals have a prominent place in our long term strategy for growth both organically and through acquisition. Last week we acquired Leasco Equipment Services an industrial rental company in Ohio, and while we remain open to additional strategic tuck-ins, our current operations are capable of handling much more than our current 4% share of the $12 billion industrial rental market. All of our customers, large or small, construction or industrial are dealing with the same economic challenges we are. Customers are looking for a partner, not just a rental supplier. Rather than sit back on our heels we're using Operation United to push forward with our customer service improvements that will cement our relationships now and bear fruit in the recovery. Every United Rentals branch is now using an Operation United scorecard. It tracks performance against bench marks for metrics such as on time delivery and service response time. Having visited dozens of branches I can tell you that our employees are embracing the scorecard and are starting to use it daily in their operations. They see customer service leadership as an attainable goal, one that will set us apart from the competition. We plan to share more of these metrics with you on our third quarter call. So as you can see, we're acting on a realistic and achievable blueprint that raises the bar on rental operations, customer service, and national accounts. All of these things are within our control and largely unrelated to the economy. We've given you an unusual amount of operational detail this morning because we want you to understand the depth of our commitment to continuous improvement. We are hitting our marks on cost control, cash flow and fleet management.  And our revenue mix is responding to our focus on larger accounts, even though our total revenues and EBITDA remain lower than we would like. We remain committed to improving our margins and taking disciplined actions to do so. The depth of the construction cycle is testing our entire industry, and while we've had to take some unprecedented actions we also refuse to be distracted from our goals. With a strong strategy in place, and plenty of levers at our disposal, we are prepared to manage the remainder of this downturn regardless of its duration. When the cycle turns you will see us capitalize on the same strengths that we're cultivating this year, weight management, operational efficiency, fleet management, financial agility, and the pursuit of customer service leadership. These are the qualities of a company focused on industry leadership, long term growth as well. With that I'll ask Bill to review our second quarter results and the recent positive changes to our capital structure and then we'll go to Q&A and take your questions. Over to you, Bill. 
William Plummer: I do want to touch on the second quarter financial results, but before I get there I'd like to go back and update everyone on where we are against the outlook that we've been updating throughout the course of the year. I'd also like to spend a little time on our capital structure and liquidity position. Maybe I can add a little bit more detail on the fleet management activities over the quarter and then we will end up with the financial results. So on the outlook, we gave three targets, SG&A reduction, net rental CapEx, and free cash flow at the beginning of the year and we've been updating them as we've gone along. Mike noted that we've actually raised the target on SG&A up to $80 to $90 million reduction from our previous target of $50 to $60 million reduction, and that was up from the initial target we gave at the beginning of the year of $40 to $50 million reduction. We raised this target because we put a lot of effort into identifying ways to save on SG&A, and we're starting to see benefits of all that effort. We're seeing it in just about every line of SG&A, salaries, benefits, T&E, professional fees, advertising, anything that is part of that total SG&A we are looking at and we've got initiatives around to try and drive further reductions as we go forward. And as I said we've got more visibility, and we've got more confidence and that led us to raise the target to that $80 to $90 million level. On net rental CapEx, we're sticking with the target that we laid out originally for net zero for net rental CapEx over the course of the year. We are about zero in the quarter, $84 million of proceeds from used sales against $86 million of purchases for rental equipment. If you look at the first half, we are actually at a net inflow of about $13 million over the first half, and as we've looked at our activities in the fleet, looked at our customer needs, and looked at our used sales opportunities throughout the course of the first half, we become more and more convinced that we've got the ability to manage our capital spend in a disciplined way, to manage our used sales in a disciplined way, and therefore you should be able to hit that net zero target for the year consistent with all the other targets we've laid out for ourselves, so we're sticking with net zero for rental CapEx. On free cash flow, we initially had a $300 million target for free cash flow. We've raised that to $325 million. That reflects some greater performance that we're expecting on cost, as you've seen in our target adjustments there, but we've got a little bit better sense of where rates are and where they're headed in the near term at least. And we've got some other cash flow levers that we haven't' pulled yet that we still have the ability to resort to. So we think that we've got enough visibility and confidence to be able to raise that target to $325 million.  We made a good down payment on it in the first half, close to $200 million of free cash flow generated in the first half, so we're well on our way, and again we've got confidence on the 325 target. So those are the comments I wanted to make on the three previous outlook targets. I do note that, as Mike noted, we have added a target on cost of rent. I'll touch on that a little bit more later in my comments. As to our capital structure, a couple of major events with regard to the capital structure it happened in the quarter, the big one that you all know about I'm sure is that we issued $500 million of new senior unsecured debt.  We issued a 10-7/8 note maturing in 2016. We issued that note as part of our strategy for managing the maturity profile of our debt portfolio. The notion is that we'll use the proceeds to manage our ABL balance but also other senior debt maturities, in particular the six and a halves, which mature in 2012. As we go forward, we'll employ those proceeds in open market transactions and if necessary in other ways to address the overall maturity profile that we're managing. In the first, excuse me, in the second quarter, we put about $200 million of those proceeds to work. We bought back just over $200 million of face of the six and a halves using the proceeds of that debt issue. The remainder pays down the balance of the ABL. Going forward, we'll look at opportunities as they're presented in the marketplace and make decisions about where to deploy those proceeds. In addition to using the proceeds from the new debt issue, we've also used other cash to buy back other debt positions in our capital structure.  And if you want more detail on that, we've provided a table in the Q that we filed last night breaking out the debt tranches that we bought and giving some more detail about the purchases there, so I refer you to that table. But in total we purchased about $125 million of face of other debt issues other than the six and a halves. And that was part of our focus on paying down debt with free cash flow. In the quarter, we reduced our face amount of debt by about $57 million. And as you look at the first half, we're now down $170 million in face amount of debt over that first half. And if you include the cash buildup, the net debt position is now down $218 million in the first half, so making good progress on paying down our total debt balance and we'll continue to do so as we go forward. The other significant item that we had on our capital structure in the quarter was the springing off of our financial covenants under the ABL. Recall that we had a test under the ABL that allowed the financial covenants to spring off if we maintained 20% or more availability in that ABL. The test date was June 9 and we passed that test with flying colors if you will. And so those covenants went away. And they'll stay gone unless and until availability under the ABL drops to below 10%. Needless to say, we don't foresee that happening in any reasonable economic scenario. And so we feel very comfortable that we won't have to worry about the financial covenants of the ABL for any time soon. It's not an immediate impact for us because obviously we had lots of cushion relative to the covenant levels in the ABL but it gives us a little bit more flexibility to have those covenants gone.  On liquidity, we ended the quarter with $915 million of total liquidity, that being the sum of cash on hand plus availability under our ABL, plus availability under our accounts receivable securitization facility.  Our view is that $915 million of liquidity in this point in the cycle is a very, very strong position to have. We feel very comfortable that that's an appropriate level of liquidity for us today and we'll continue to manage that as we go through the remainder of this year and into the next year. Let me just offer a few words on fleet management. Mike gave some good insight into some of the activities around fleet, maybe I can add just a little bit more. We transferred a record amount of fleet in the quarter, $1.6 billion in fleet. Ended the quarter at a different, excuse me, ended the month during the quarter at a different home than it began the month, that's how we account for transfers in our overall fleet metrics. That has been a tremendous lever for us to be able to satisfy customer demand without putting more capital into the business. So we're looking more and more at ways to leverage the total fleet and do so in a way that many of our competitors can't given the breadth of our equipment portfolio, given the geographic footprint that we have and the range of customers that we serve, we see fleet transfers as a real competitive lever for us, so we're going to continue to manage that. We already touched on used equipment sales and the role it plays in our fleet management. Just to add a little bit more flavor there, we sold $271 million worth of OEC in used equipment this quarter, that's a record. And we did it very consciously as part of managing our overall used equipment sales strategy but also as part of our fleet management strategy.  Within that $271 million of OEC sold, the average month of the equipment sold was 78 months and so that played a very key role in helping us manage the age of the fleet overall throughout the quarter. We ended the quarter with a fleet age of just over 40 months, down just a touch from where it was in the first quarter and very consistent with the target that we have for the full year. We're still targeting just north of 43 months of fleet age at the end of 2009. Looking at our overall fleet levels, fleet OEC came down by $170 million during the quarter. Unit count came down by about 16,000 during the quarter. And then if you look year over year, OEC was down just about half a billion dollars, 13%. And year-over-year, the unit count was down about 40,000 units or 16%, so positioning the fleet, managing it well within the context of the market that we're dealing.  Let me add a few comments on our financials for the quarter. First on revenues, our rent revenue in the quarter was down 28%, that reflects a 14% year-over-year decline in rate and a 2.4 percentage point decline in time utilization, obviously a challenging environment. We continue to manage it effectively and will continue to do so. We feel like we're doing a reasonable job in the context of the environment. If you look at our dollar utilization as Mike touched on, it's holding up although it's challenged versus prior years. We ended the quarter  dollar utilization for the quarter of 44.9%, that was up 2 percentage points from the first quarter, reflecting seasonal impacts but down versus the prior year. In our contractor supplies line of business, revenue was down 44%, that reflects a soft environment but it also reflects our strategy of repositioning contractor supplies to make it complementary of our rental business rather than a standalone business. The supplies decline in revenue is the bad news. The good news is that we're getting a little bit more in margin out of that business. Gross margins for contractor supplies improved 50 basis points versus the same quarter last year. And if you look year to date, gross margins in supplies was up 360 basis points versus the same period last year.  Used equipment sales again, we already touched on with $84 million of proceeds that was up 24% of last year's proceeds but that reflects the increased level of sales. The down side is that those sales in this quarter right along a loss of about $8 million. When we look at the cost side of things, we already touched on SG&A, so I won't spend any more time there. But with our cost of rent, we see that as a real opportunity for further cost reductions. Last year, we spent $1.1 billion on the cost of rental  cost of rent when you exclude depreciation.  A little bit on that goes a long way and so we've been focused in a wide variety of areas on ways to drive down cost of rent. In the second quarter, we delivered a [save] versus prior year of $69 million. That came in a wide range of areas including labor, benefits, facilities cost, insurance again on down the line, it's across the spectrum. We're continuing to look for other opportunities by streamlining, simplifying, automating wherever we can and we'll continue to drive those kinds of ideas to realize even greater savings. In fact, so far through this year, we've got enough confidence and visibility on our ability to save cost of rent that we set out the new target that we've touched on already.  Cost of rent this year we expect to be down between $190 million and $210 million for the year. That's all I wanted to say on cost. Just real briefly on EBITDA, when you put it all together, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for the quarter came in at $150 million, that's at a margin of 24.4%. Obviously down significantly from last year. Last year in the second quarter, EBITDA on our same basis was 32.4%. Not where we want to be in the least. We're driving a number of initiatives to address that. Mike's touched on a lot of them. I've touched on a lot of them. And we're going to continue to do so in service of driving better performance at EBITDA.  Last thing before I wrap up, wanted to offer a few thoughts on the shelf registration that we filed last night. If you noticed, you saw that we filed a $1 billion shelf registration covering a wide variety of securities that might be issued from the shelf, including debt, warrants, convertible issues, and equity. We put that shelf in place as part of our overall capital structure management strategy. I put it in the category of good financial housekeeping.  As you think about managing your capital structure having the ability to execute a transaction, do so quickly off of a shelf is just prudent management and so we put it in place for that purpose. We don't currently have any plans to draw anything under the shelf. We will continue to evaluate that as we go forward and let you know as we make decisions on that front.  So those are my comments. I'd like to turn it back now to the operator for questions and answers. Operator? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS. 
Henry Kirn  UBS : Wondering if you could chat a little bit about your ability to age the fleet from here? How far would you be willing to age it and what categories could you age further than others?
Michael Kneeland: That's a great question Henry. We've always said the optimum range would be 35 to 45 months. Clearly right now, we're at 40.1. We could conceivably go beyond 45; it's not beyond the realm. If you look at the current average age today of the industry, it's currently at 44 and a few points above and beyond that.  And as you know, we continue to refurb our equipment and as we refurb we don't re-purpose our asset, we keep it at the original age. But if you were to do that, obviously our age would come down about three months. 
William Plummer: If I could add, the equipment age is not physics. It's not like there's a step age at which the equipment  the average portfolio age starts to really negatively impact us. It does have an impact on our R&M expense. That's something that we watch and manage actively.  But we feel very comfortable that we've got flexibility to manage age to significantly longer ages than we set at right now. And indeed we can go beyond the 45 months that we've talked about as sort of an optimal top end of the range, as Mike said. How much further beyond, we'd have to trade that off against what are the pressures driving us to age the equipment further. 
Michael Kneeland : And Henry, one other point on that I think as the industry goes forward you'll continue to see the age of the fleets inside our industry continue to age out. 
Henry Kirn  UBS : That's helpful. And as you look at the pockets of relative strength could you talk a little more about where within your portfolio you're stating the pockets? And maybe aside from Canada, which regions are stronger than others? 
Michael Kneeland : Sure. If you take a look at the Gulf area, Texas is a large state for us. We're seeing continuous  let me just step back for a moment and say that the economy's touching all of our regions. But where we're seeing lesser amount of decline and some pockets of opportunity would be in Texas, eastern Canada as well, still within the Northeast corridor there's still a volume of work that's on the books that still needs to be yet closed out.  Where we're seeing the weakness obviously remains in California, Arizona, Nevada and also in Florida. By the way, if you take California and Florida that's where we have a large population and a large portion of our business as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co: Could we start out on the seasonality of the business? We saw the uptake but obviously macro is a strong driver as well. How should we think about third quarter? Should we anticipate the typically seasonal up tick or is it going to be offset by macro this year? 
Michael Kneeland : Well right now we're seeing the seasonal up tick. I think it's too early to tell with the macro, it'll play out towards the tail end of the quarter. If you take a look at the ABI index a year ago clearly towards the tail end of the third quarter you start to see it decline. We haven't seen that play out yet so it's yet to be determined. And that's the best scenario that we could just lay out between now and then. 
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co: Okay, fair enough. On pricing  I'm back a page on my notes I don't recall what you had said. But I heard something about pilots with the new software. Can you just take us a little deeper into the progress there as well of the timeline as when you hope to finish? 
Michael Kneeland : Sure. As you know, at the last quarterly call I talked about that we've engaged a company to work with us to put a software program in to manage rates  to effectively manage rates and we're going to shift away from just setting rates to more dynamic pricing.  As part of that progress in the second quarter we rolled out 92 locations or pilot throughout North America where we have automated the setting of rates based on logic that we have built. It'll take a lot of different things into consideration like asset, time and achievable rates that are in the marketplace.  So we're rolling that pilot forward. As we go into the fourth quarter we would then start shifting towards piloting the dynamic pricing with the opportunity to  our objective is by the first quarter of next year, in January to roll out a more dynamic pricing model.  And then the last phase would play out to more the national accounts and industrial accounts for just doing price fitting. So that we can take and look at these prices, long-term contracts and look at how we can determine the profitability in yield on those. So that's kind of the timeline. We do have the 92 out there;; it's marching forward, too early to give you the results. As we go into the third quarter  the third quarter call we'll be deep into it so I'll be able to give you more details. 
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co: And then with the margin on used equipment sales swinging negative  and you do have a big chunk of your free cash flow guidance already satisfied through half the year. But how should we think about your aggressiveness with selling used fleet now, given the fact that it looks like pricing is pretty tough in that market?  
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Let me just say that when we went into this year, we had a basis of what we thought we wanted to sell full year. As we went through the second quarter and I've mentioned on previous calls that there are specific products that we saw weakness in, in particular, 19-foot scissors and some aerial equipment. They're related more towards retail where I think there's an overcapacity.  When we take a look and march that out against the work that we see and the age of the equipment we determined that we wanted to de-fleet specific categories of equipment inside of our aerial fleet. We also do a financial analysis as well on those assets to look at the return in cash flow that we would get.  When we started to see  as we went through first and second quarter we didn't see our pricing in those products improve. In fact, we saw them weaken. So we took the liberty of and consciously moved those forward. So we moved those sales forward in the second quarter.  It was a record sales for us. To give you the order of magnitude, we sold roughly 5,000 aerial pieces in the second quarter, which is a record and a large number by any stretch of the imagination. As a result we had to go through the auctions but it was a conscious decision that we made. We didn't see the pricing improving as time went on, on these older assets. 
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer & Co: So should we anticipate big lump sales again? Obviously through the auction channel where you're going to get lesser economics or was that a one-time deal and you think it's going to be a little more steady through the end of the year? 
Michael Kneeland : I think it's yet to be determined. I think that as we go through and determine what the primary market will tell us, and what our customer demand will be, we'll make those decision as we go forward. We're not prepared to say right today that we've got something that we're going to put out to auction or to extend our auction the order of magnitude that we did before. But it's one of the levers that we have at our disposal. And we're not afraid to use it. 
William Plummer: Yes, Scott, I'd only add the fact that we accelerated into the first half, gives us some more flexibility as we look at whatever the market delivers to us in the second half. So that's good to have in our pocket, but as Mike said, were going to continue to monitor and make decisions based on where the market is, where pricing is, what we see the volume capacity for the market as being and what we think might happen as the end of the year comes closer.  
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Manish Somaiya  Citi.
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Good morning everyone. A couple of questions, one just the state on the used equipment market. I guess one think I'm trying to figure out is, do you get the sense that the used equipment market will remain liquid as it has been for the last two or three quarters, or with all the excess capacity what is your likelihood that the used equipment market freezes up? 
Michael Kneeland: Well, I think it's very liquid. I think it really comes down to price, Manish. The auction market is a lever we can pull and, obviously, I just explained we are not afraid to use it. But there is still a retail sector that we do retail fleet, and we are retailing our fleet and prices there have been resilient in comparison but just not to the order of magnitude.  You're right. There is an overcapacity within our industry, and it really determines how much is pushed through at one given moment. It's fair to say that prices have come down because of the overcapacity and the willingness for companies to put more into the auction arena. But the auctions itself, to me, is still, and has been, and I see as the foreseeable future, a conduit that will still remain open. 
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Okay, and secondly as a follow-up, how do you guys think about balancing between selling more equipment versus just parking the equipment for the next upturn?  
William Plummer: We've been actually discussing that notion quite a lot over the last month or two among ourselves and with our board, and we've done some analysis to try to get at what the right strategy for a piece of equipment. Do you rent it? Do you sell it? We haven't gone through as detailed analysis the notion of, you just sit on it for some period of time, but that's the next iteration.  In looking at rent versus sell, we've modeled scenarios over various time periods, under various assumptions about what you realize from sale and what you'd be able to rent it out for in a rent scenario, and that's guided thinking about how we're selling equipment and how we might sell equipment in the second half. We'll continue to do that analysis.  As I said, we haven't gotten to that level of detail on the notion of, I'm going to sit on it and wait until things get better at some point in the future. That strategy introduces even more variables around when might the market come back and what might rental rates look like at that time? And we just haven't gotten to that point in analysis. 
Manish Somaiya  Citi: Okay, and then just lastly, Bill, since I have you, how much did you guys end up paying for Leasco?
William Plummer: We haven't disclosed that. That amount. It's a $14 million revenue company. We're going to stay away from disclosing the price right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital. 
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning guys. Thanks for all the detail around the aerial equipment that you sold. Just as a follow up question. If you had excluded those 5,000 pieces, would the margins still have been negative?
Michael Kneeland: We didn't do the math that way. We can certainly take it offline and take a look at it, but we didn't break it apart that way. We'll have to come back to you on that.  
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: Okay, great and then maybe as a follow-up, and if we have to take that offline that's fine as well, but I was just curious what the average age of that aerial fleet that was sold was? 
Michael Kneeland: The average age of the fleet that we sold in general was 78 months. So it is safe to say that aerial is one of the oldest assets. 
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: But that's no different than any point during the cycle, correct? 
Michael Kneeland: Well, we have been attempting, actually been very good from a fleet management standpoint, of selling our oldest assets first as opposed to the newer assets, so we didn't break down the average age by categories of sold. We just take it as an average overall. 
Emily Shanks  Barclays Capital: And then just generally, I know that obviously pricing is down and you're implementing this new software, I was just curious how you view your competitors on pricing? Do you view them as being rational, or are you seeing aggressive strategies? What's your take on that environment? 
Michael Kneeland: I always get that question and it's a difficult one to answer because there are some companies that are doing some good things and some companies that are rational. We always try not to point fingers, but the reality of it is the industry, there's companies that are landlocked, that are desperate. There are companies that are trying to enter new markets, and as a result the only way they do that is lower rates.  I think there is still some irrational pricing going on out there. In particular companies that are striving to try to find a way, or carve a way, to make it through this down cycle. The larger companies have the ability to sell fleet, move fleet and go to other markets.  One of the things that we do do, because we always get the question on rental rates, as I stated in my opening comments, our rates  there are no comparable for rates with inside the industry and it's been an open discussion with the American Rental Association. But one of the things that we do do is we kind of go out and we do some online shopping and try and do some comparisons, based on certain categories of equipment to kind of get a market check to where things are.  And on balance we are either at or on balance with most of the competitors out there. So we use that as a check and balance. Again, I am not happy where we are. And we have  we need definitive actions, ideas, process management discussions to improve rental rates. And this industry needs to know, we've got to get an ample return for the capital that we have, whether you're large or small. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: I am trying to figure out the actual cash movement with regard to the refinancing and the debt pay down you did. If we kind of draw a line below the senior notes, because I understand the 6.5 have a very large negative restrictive payments basket. There was about $129 million paid down some notes, converts, 14 and [inaudible]. Where did that cash come from? And second question would be how much cash is sitting at URI, Inc. versus URI,NA? 
William Plummer: The where did the cash come from is that we have, because of the negative restricted payments basket, we have to use cash that is available to URI, United Rentals, Inc. That cash capacity, let's call it, sits up at URI and it is available to us to do essentially anything that we want or need to do with and that's the cash that we used to repurchase the 7.75 QIPs and other subordinated pieces.  At the end of the second quarter, that cash capacity was $116 million of that the URI level. So that's the capacity that we have up there after the second quarter after those purchases. And we continue to manage that cash capacity with the notion that it is the way that we have for buying pieces of debt below the senior level in our capital structure. Does that make sense? 
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: That makes total sense. So when I am looking at the balance sheet, the 125 number, that's the cash United Rentals, North America or is it only the difference between the 116 and the 125, at North America?
William Plummer:  It's the consolidated cash position. It is primarily cash that is held by URNA, the operating entity, and actually most of that cash is resident in Canada, for more detail than you asked for, but it's primarily URNA cash. The one thing I should add Phil, as you think about URI's cash capacity, don't think about it as cash that's sitting on the balance sheet. URI's cash when URI has cash, what we do is we take that cash and make an inter-company loan down to URNA so that URNA can then reduce its ABL balance. That's allowed and pulling that cash back up to URI, when URI needs it, is also allowed even with the negative restricted payments basket.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: And then when you guys were talking about the June and July sequential I guess is month over month increases of rental rates, do you have a sense for the rates in the utilization, what those numbers would be year over year? Are we still down 14% year over year or is that percentage year over year declining with the monthly increase in rental rates in June and July?
William Plummer:  I would still be down on a year over year basis but you know we're measuring it sequentially from month to month, kind of showing the progress of where we started after the first quarter going into April, May, and June, and then into July taking the actions that we've taken. Yes it'll still be on year over year, looking at a month versus the prior year's same month. It's still going to be down in the 12%, 13% area. I don't have the exact numbers Phil, but it's still going to be done year over year, but up sequentially as we said.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: And is that showing an improvement that year over year month versus month comparison is that showing an improvement?
William Plummer: It is, a slight improvement, and hopefully as we get later in the year the comps will get easier, right, as you start to see some declines last year on rates through each month, so hopefully it'll get a little better, but it's a little bit better in July than it was in the second quarter months.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: Great, and in terms of your industrial business versus your I guess regular commercial or non residential construction business, the rates of decline that you saw there are in terms of total revenue, do you see a material out performance of the industrial business? Can you give us some numbers around that?
William Plummer: We're not talking about that level of detail with numbers. I think it's fair to say that we still believe industrial represents a good opportunity for us. That's why we're focused on that customer group. That's why we made the acquisition, and we'll continue to drive to invest in the areas that offer us the best opportunities.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, so is it safe to say Bill, that there's less volatility in that business than there is in just normal non [industry]?
William Plummer: Yes, that's a part of why we're attracted to it.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, absolutely it's a longer term play typically to contracts Phil, anywhere between one to three years in duration, and you know there's less volatility in the pricing but that being said our industrial customers are feeling it just like everybody else and they're putting off projects but they will have to come back on line.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: A last question, if I calculate correctly, your OEC at the end of the quarter was 3.795, is that correct?
William Plummer: I don't have the exact number at the quarter.
Michael Kneeland: Chris, can you answer that question?
Christopher M. Brown:  At 3.794.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: Following up on two themes, one, just the used equipment market, if you look at the realized price versus the OEC sold, it looks like prices realization went to 31% from 36.4% last quarter. Is that a change in market prices or is it a change in mix, i.e. the fact that the average age of the fleet that you sold is 78 months.
William Plummer: Chris it would be both. It would be both, the mix that you put out there, the type of products that you have, and also the amount that we put through, and also having more at auction versus any other format that we have available to us.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: You think that used equipment prices in general are declining?
William Plummer: I think that used prices are yes, under pressure to decline as I mentioned earlier it would have been niche, you still have a lot of companies that are trying to de-fleet, and are going to go through this.  So I think for some period of time they will be under pressure. Having said that, I think that as we start seeing some of the sting less, you may see some categories begin to improve such as earthmoving equipment first, and then we'll progress forward.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: And Bill, define, I guess, could you talk a little bit about your philosophy in terms of optimizing the balance sheet. I mean one, I just want to clarify, you said that you had $116 million of availability. I wonder if that's sort of an inter-quarter period, because if you look at your balance sheet there was actually the amount due to the parent was $170 million.  What's the difference between the $170 million and the $116 million?
William Plummer: Okay, my apologies so I'll correct my previous number. If you look in our guarantor statements on note eight in the queue that we filed under the parent column you'll see the intercompany receivable and that number is $170, not $116  shouldn't do this on the fly, so again, my apologies. So, $170 million is the amount of cash capacity that we have available at URI, at the end of the second quarter. Chris ask me your question again, or did that answer it?
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: No, that was sort of  I wanted clarifying goes to sort of your philosophy in terms of managing the balance sheet with possible re-purchases. If you look at your liquidity just under the revolver you have about $760 million of availability, which if you look at the largest your fleet has been recently, it's like $4.4 billion, just under, and now you're at $3.8 billion, $3.9 billion.  That tells you that you probably have enough liquidity to ramp back up when the market comes down. So would your philosophy be to use whatever excess capacity or whatever excess cash flow you have right now to pay down debt at a discount?
William Plummer:  Certainly our philosophy is using pre-cash flow currently to pay down debt. Whether we do it at a discount or not will just depend on the ebb and flow of what's available, where's the liquidity, what are the yields available to us. Certainly we'd prefer buying components of our capital structure at a discount. In order to do that, as I described with Phil's question, we have to use the discounted pieces of our capital structure are primarily the subordinated pieces, and so in order to buy those we would have to use part of that $170 million of cash capacity at URI. We want to manage that prudently. We want to make sure that we've got the ability to have some dry powder to buy subordinated pieces of our capital structure over time. So we've got to keep an eye on that cash capacity number as we buy discounted pieces, but certainly buying discounted or buying even pieces of our capital structure that are near par is part of our strategy for deploying free cash flow.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer & Co: Basically what you're saying  not to put words in your mouth, but as a former treasurer type person, you would be looking at possibly calling 14 versus maybe buying 7.75 if the yield was sort of more on the 14 just because it makes sense to buy higher cost debt.
William Plummer: That would be the mind set. You know the question then would be, does doing either make sense relative to other opportunities that we have. I know I'm not giving you a hard and fast answer but that's really how we think about it is, what is the range of opportunities that we have, what do we get when we buy a given piece, and what do we give to do it. So we may decide you know what, I'd love to buy either 7, or 7.75, or 14s, but I still want to knock down that 2012 maturity of 6.50. I may want to buy some of those, or you know what, I want to build a little bit more liquidity because I think there's a roaring recovery coming so I want to pay down some ABL.  We've got to factor in all of those business considerations as well as just sort of the pure market/treasury considerations that may be natural for myself or [Irene], our treasurer.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question and answer session for today's program. I'd like to turn the program back to Michael Kneeland.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks operator, and I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and participating in the call. As always we are available to speak with you from Greenwich and to continue the dialog. I also encourage all of you to look at our updated investor relations presentation which can be downloaded from our site. So this concludes our remarks for today and operator you can now end the call. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland  President and Chief Executive Officer William Plummer  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Manish Somaiya  Citi Henry Kirn  UBS David Raso  Isi Group Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer Seth Weber  BAS-ML Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the United Rental's first quarter of 2009 investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, note that many of the comments made on today's call, and some of the responses to your questions, will contain forward-looking statements.  United Rental's businesses and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statement. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's first quarter earnings release.  For a fuller description of these, and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's annual report on foreign 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, as well as to its subsequent filing with the SEC. You can access the company's press release, as well as all of its SEC filings, on the company's website at www.ur.com.  Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information that are subsequent to the circumstances or changes in expectations.  During the conference call, references may be made to pre-cash flow, adjusted EPS, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer, and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin. 
Michael Kneeland: Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer, and other members of our senior management team. Let me start by looking back to our last call about nine weeks ago. At that time, I spoke frankly about our expectations that 2009 would be a difficult year for the equipment rental. A year in which there is little or no real visibility.  Nevertheless, as I said in February, there are many areas of the business within our control. As you will hear from us today, we have our hands firmly on the steering wheel. We're taking action and our actions are having the intended results. We are meeting our customer needs. We are maintaining a healthy liquidity. We are shifting our revenue base towards larger customers and we are positioning the company to benefit significantly when the recovery begins.  Now, I want to address all of these topics today. Our goal is to provide as much transparency as possible within the realities of the current environment. If we cannot state something with certainty, given the environment, we'll be forthright about that too. As you will see, we have two stories to tell. Our company has taken all of the right actions to remain financially solid in the current economic storm. We are also a company that is looking ahead to where we see enormous opportunity. In short, we remain very confident about our long-term vision for profitable growth.  In a minute, Bill will go over the numbers with you, including the $129 million of free cash flow we generated in the quarter and the decision we made to reduce our debt by $113 million. Given the depth and potential duration of the downturn, liquidity is of paramount importance of our plan. We are still comfortable with our estimate of $300 million of free cash flow this year. Both our capital structure and our liquidity are in a very good place as Bill will discuss.  But first, I want to give our thoughts on the macro environment and where we're seeing some mixed signals. I will also put some operational details to our first quarter performance, which as you know from our earnings release, resulted in a loss and I want to spend some time on rental rates because I think it's important for you to see the rate environment through our eyes, then, I will give you a progress report on Operation United, which is our customer service call to arms.  We feel very strongly that Operation United is one of the keys to staying resilient in this economy. Even more exciting, we are using it to leverage our broad footprint and build a road that leads directly to market share and profitable growth.  First, the macro environment, here's what we're seeing out there. Since December, there's been a rapid decline in construction activity, largely due to the lack of credit. From what I can see, the credit markets are still frozen despite some optimistic press reports predicting a thaw.  The slowdown in construction appears to be universal, affecting all geographic regions, and it isn't just construction starts that are problematic, although that's the bulk of it. We are also seeing some projects stop before completion because funding has dried up. Fortunately, we have a presence on a number of large projects that are still going strong, particularly in the energy sector.  We are also beginning to see a seasonal uptick, although at a lower level than last year, and while the local economies are holding their own, we're finding municipal and infrastructure work. However, none of these upsides are strong enough to offset the overall decline in construction industry indicators, which seem to support our observations. The McGraw-Hill forecast estimates that commercial construction starts dropped by 21%  will drop by 21%, in 2009 and industrial starts will slide by 35%.  This is close to Global Insight's forecast, which is the rental industry's touchstone and for the most part industry experts think that construction spending could erode further going into 2010, although at a more modest rate. On the bright side, the Architectural Billings Index or ABI came in at 43.7 for March, up more than eight points in February, but still weak. The March reading is the highest since August of 2008 and ends a four-month streak of sub-40 readings.  Another metric, the Project Inquiries Index, which was 49.5 in February, climbed to 56.6 in March, the ABI reflects demand for architectural design services. The approximate lag time between Architectural Billings and construction spending is nine to twelve months, so it takes a while for any uptick to flow through to our industry. So, we're very happy to see the Index go up and hopefully that it will continue.  While it's too early to determine any trends, we are cautiously optimistic about these numbers. We'd like to see the cycle turn more quickly, perhaps aided by the stimulus package, but, right now, we're basing our expectations on the industry consensus, which is for a turnaround in late 2010 and then a slow climb to 2011.  What we do know is that the next two or three quarters will be difficult, but the situation will turn and we will come out the other side in a much stronger position. Until that happens, our response will continue to be swift and disciplined as it was in the first quarter.  We closed 10 locations in the quarter, nine of which were consolidations. The majority of these assets were transferred to branches within 20 miles of the closed locations. In the second quarter we plan to close another 39 locations and also temporarily suspend operations at four additional branches and reopen for business when those markets recover. If you recall, we closed or consolidated 75 branches in 2008, so we're not hesitating to prune our network when warranted, although the second quarter closures should complete the heavy lifting.  We reduced our headcount by another 500, bringing our base to about 9,400 employees. Some of this reduction came from closed locations and some came from process improvements within the organization. We also exceeded our first quarter target for used equipment sales. As a result, proceeds from used equipment were $15 million greater than the rental CapEx spent in the quarter. We now expect net rental CapEx for the year to be near zero or even at a net positive inflow.  Bill will discuss some additional complements, including our success in reducing SG&A expenses by $21 million for the quarter and looking at the full year, we expect to reduce SG&A expenses by $50 million to $60 million, which is an improvement over our earlier estimate.  All of these areas of business are within our control. By contrast, the story on rates is somewhat different. There are many things that we can do to manage rates, but there's also an external element that we must contend with despite our best efforts. As we reported last night, our rates for the first quarter were down more than 11%. That was disappointing. We are dealing with a very challenging pricing environment this year and we expect our rates will decline further before they turn around.  Nevertheless, we couldn't have done a better job at pushing back pricing pressure and we're addressing that now. Given our scale, we have more options than most when it comes to managing supply and demand and here's some of the actions we're taking.  First, we're making sure to communicate a balanced perspective on rates to our branch managers, one that will help guide them when pricing comes under pressure. We are taking care of our core customers when we have to and we are vigorously protecting those relationships and we're walking away from unprofitable deals or deals that would set the wrong precedent. For example, we were bidding a stadium in Kentucky, but we walked away when the rate got to a place where it no longer made economic sense. This is just one of many examples that we refuse to commit to unprofitable business. In addition to these ground floor tactics, ground level tactics, we are making systematic improvements surrounding rates.  In the short term we are enforcing strict guidelines that tighten our oversight of rates by our district mangers while improving branch level accountability. District managers are reviewing variances from book rate on a daily basis. They also advise our branches on situations where customer loyalty, market share and buy-in negotiations come into play. We've also set the wheels in motion for some longer term initiatives. In the next month or so, we'll pilot a new price optimization soft ware and by the end of the year we expect to be using price optimization in all branches. This will provide our mangers with dynamic pricing tools and will allow us to take a much more scientific approach to rental rates, and we will continue to be very focused on fleet management. We are continuing a program of aggressive used implement sales and transferring equipment among our branches the top end of pockets of demand, which is another way of managing the rates and elevate revenues. In the first quarter we transferred $1.3 billion of equipment among our branches based on original equipment costs. I can assure you that every level of management at United Rentals branch, district, region and corporate, understands the importance of managing rates in the short term and the long term health of our business. Now I would like to step back from the numbers for a minute and bring you up to date on Operation United. For those of you who weren't on our last call, Operation United is the result of market research we commissioned in 2008. We discovered that no rental company has succeeded in truly differentiating itself in the eyes of the customer on a basis of customer service, particularly with larger accounts, and we see this as a huge opportunity on two fronts.  First, the idea of providing a consistent and superior customer service dovetails with our renewed focus on national and industrial accounts. National accounts need to know that their business will be recognized as a top priority even when they send a crew out on one of our markets for the first time after getting those same levels of service through us through Operation United. Industrial accounts as I've mentioned on prior calls, is also a key part of our strategic plan. Industrial markets tend to be more stable than construction. These customers use many of the same types of equipment as contractors although for different purposes such as periodic plant shutdowns and facility maintenance. We are pursuing share in the $12 million industrial rental market primarily through targeted sales efforts and branch specialization. In the first quarter we signed 12 new industrial companies to our national accounts program, increasing our presence in sectors ranging from wind energy and refrigeration to distribution and mining. We estimate that in total these 12 customers represent a potential rental wallet of over $28 million annually, and that pace is accelerating. We've already signed another eight large industrial companies as national accounts in April including a leading chemical manufacturer and a Fortune 500 company. We estimate that our April signings represent a potential rental wallet of about $40 million annually, and while we may not capture 100% of that business we certainly intend to try. A second opportunity has to do with becoming the first choice for rental customers of all types and sizes. By capturing the loyalty of our customers we can lock in their business through good times and bad. Since we launched Operation United in January all of our branches have started using customer service scorecards which measures performance at key points during the rental process. The scorecards are the first of many steps we're taking to distinguish our service from the rest of the industry. Our branches have really stepped up to the plate with Operation United, which in turn has helped grow our national accounts program. In the nine months since we launched our strategic push for national accounts we have signed about a 100 of these large customers with more under negotiation, 45 of them responded in the first three months of this year. When we sign a new national account there's a good chance that customer has rented from us at some point in the past and this gives us a valuable basis for comparison. I can tell you that the 45 national account customers who came onboard in the first quarter generated nearly two times the revenue in total compared to the same three months last year. The difference is that last year we were merely a local supplier to their job sites and now we're relating to them as a true partner on a national level. But one of the things we look for when we sign a national account is their growth potential in terms of share of wallet. National agreements have a slightly negative effect on rates in the short term but these large accounts are also more efficient to service with fewer touches and are therefore more profitable for us, particularly given their volume over time. So as you can see we are taking many steps to weather the economic storm. It's fair to say this is the most severe downturn I've seen in my thirty years in the industry. We've been presented with historic challenges.  Nevertheless we as a team at the helm have seen cycles before, and we put a plan in place before the headwinds hit. We also know what to expect as we come out the other side and now we move and prepare for that as well. Now despite a rocky quarter, employee morale remains high, even in the current environment. Our senior management team has continued to hold town hall meetings with employees in the U.S. and Canada. We sit down face-to-face with our employees. We see concerns about the economy, but we also see the strong belief that the company is headed in the right direction. As the year progresses I can promise you I will continue to do everything within our power to take command of the circumstances. Our hand is firmly on the levers of cost control, CapEx management and fleet management, and we are effectively working to reduce the impact of further rate declines, and to generate free cash flow. And we are continuing to shape our revenue base to be more resilient to cycles with an increasing emphasis on industrial customers and large geographically diversified national accounts. As for the balance of 2009 it's impossible to say whether the worst is behind us at this point, but what I can tell you is this. We have the most horsepower of any company in our industry in the form of seasoned management, an expert board, the benefits of scale, and a rock solid plan that serves both our short term needs and our long term vision for profitable growth. We're not just riding out the cycle. We're managing our way through it with the help of more than 9,000 talented employees who go to work each day determined to win, when we are doing our job to make sure we meet this challenge.  With that I'll ask Bill to review the first quarter results and our capital structure and then we'll go to Q&A and take your questions, Bill?
William Plummer: Thank you, Michael, and good morning to everyone. Today I'd like to spend some time reviewing our capital structure and liquidity, our fleet management strategy, and our first quarter performance. Before we get started though, I'd like to review where we stand on the objectives we established at the beginning of the year. With respect to SG&A we committed to reducing the absolute level of our 2009 SG&A spend by $40 million to $50 million. I'm pleased to report that in the first quarter we achieved a $21 million reduction by focusing on all areas of our spend.  This includes salaries, benefits, advertising and professional fees. Given this performance we are now expecting a full year reduction of $50 million to $60 million in SG&A, and we're still looking for more. Looking at CapEx, as Michael mentioned, we're now expecting net rental CapEx for the year to be near zero and perhaps even producing a positive cash inflow. This represents an improvement versus $100 million of net rental CapEx that we forecast earlier, and perhaps more importantly it illustrates our capacity to adjust fleet management plans in real time as market conditions change. The third objective we laid out related to free cash flow. At the end of February we indicated that we would generate about $300 million of free cash flow and that we would use this cash to reduce debt. I'm pleased to report that in the first quarter we reduced our debt by $113 million including $22 million related to open market repurchases of our 6.5% senior notes. Additionally despite the challenges of the current environment we believe our $300 million target for free cash flow is still achievable and will create opportunities for further debt reductions. The reason we identified these objectives and made them the cornerstone of our 2009 strategy is because in this environment liquidity and a flexible capital structure are of paramount importance. Let's take a moment to review where we stand. First liquidity, at the end of March we had over $650 million of available liquidity. This includes both availability under our ABL and cash on hand. Turning to our capital structure the most restrictive relevant covenants we face are in our ABL.  There we have two financial covenants, a fixed charge coverage ratio and a senior secured leverage ratio. At the end of the quarter our fixed charge coverage ratio was 2.59 times which is significantly more than the minimum threshold ratio of 1.1 times. Meanwhile the senior leverage ratio was 0.95 times at the end of the quarter, and that was significantly less than the maximum threshold for that ratio of 1.75 times. So as you can see we continue to maintain substantial cushion in both these covenants at the quarter end. And looking ahead we expect these covenants to become even less restrictive since the terms of our ABL facility allow them to spring off in June of this year if we maintain availability in the facility of at least 20%. That's the threshold we expect to easily exceed given that our availability was 44% at the end of March and it's up to 46% as we sit today. Now let's take a few minutes to review our fleet management strategy which provides important context for our first quarter results. Our fleet strategy, which is a priority in any environment is even more important when construction activity is weak and a healthy balance sheet is critical. Our strategy involves three principal objectives, satisfying customer demand, managing utilization levels and preserving cash. Here are some of the ways that we executed our strategy in the quarter. On an OEC basis we sold $184 million of fleet and that generated proceeds of $67 million. The average age of the fleet we sold was 78 months, consistent with our strategy for managing our fleet. As expected we did age the fleet slightly during the quarter from 39.2 months at the end of the year to 40.2 months at the end of March. In terms of our used equipment margins, although they were down this quarter this was expected given that 40% of those sales were at auction, more than double the percentage in the prior year. Looking at fleet levels, our OEC decreased by over $100 million since year-end and our unit count decreased by approximately 10,000 units or 4% over that same period. Our net rental CapEx, which included $52 million of purchases produced positive cash flow of $15 million for the quarter. Turning to our first quarter results, first revenues. Rental revenue decreased 23% in the quarter reflecting an 11.5% decline in rental rates and a 2.4 percentage point decline in time utilization. In our contract to supplies business, revenue was down 43%, consistent with the softer operating environment and our continued emphasis on only the most profitable supply sales. Our gross margins, however, improved 670 basis points to 28.1%, again reflecting the ongoing repositioning. Second on costs, as I had discussed earlier, reducing our cost base, including both the cost of rentals and SG&A is a key part of our strategy. And one of the levers we can pull to mitigate the impact of rate to call.  Already we discussed SG&A, but let turn to our cost of rentals, excluding depreciation. We reduced these costs by $43 million during the quarter. Now part of this improvement relates to lower utilization levels, but the bulk of the reduction related to cost that are more fixed in nature, such as labor, benefits, facilities and insurance. We will continue to focus intensely on these areas as we believe there more saves to be had. And finally EBITDA, our adjusted EBITDA margin was 24.4% for the quarter, compared to 29.7% in 2008. As expected our EBITDA margins came under pressure as we were able to only partially offset the impact of rapid rate declines with cost saves. Before we open up the call to Q&A I want to spend a few moments on the announcement we made last evening related to the additional branch closures. As Michael mentioned, we plan to close another 39 locations and temporarily suspend operations at an additional four. The process we went through to identify these branches was intense. Among other factors we considered recent and historic branch profitability, proximity to other United Rentals locations, the quality of the real estate and future earnings potential. By way of example, of the 39 planned close branches, 38 were within 20 miles of another location. And even after these closures we expect to have retained the market presence which is necessary to serve our customers. In terms of the fleet at these branches we expect to redeploy approximately 65% of this fleet or $80 million of OE fee to nearby branches. The balance of the fleet will be sold. This branches were strategically selected and importantly will allow us to improve our long term-returns while retaining our leadership position in key trade areas. That summarizes my comments on the first quarter results. Now I would like to turn it over to the operator to begin Q&A. Operator.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS:  Wondering if you could talk a little about the historical experience when you closed branches that are within 20 miles of another, how much have you been able to keep in house and how much has leaked out? 
Michael Kneeland:  Actually when you go through the analysis, by the way I just want to quantify by we go into a very deep, deep analysis process that involves not only finance, but the operators, all the way down to the local level. And we annualized our deliver-to radius and as a result we would expect to retain somewhere around two thirds to 60% of the revenue. Some of the other business which is walk in and the cash business, will go away, but it should have a high retention level. Each branch is really determined on its market and where it's position, but on balance that's where it falls out.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay, and is it possible to talk a little about, maybe as we go a couple quarters out what the potential recurring tailwind from not having those branches around anymore would be?
William Plummer:  Without going into specifics, we do expect that there will be a incremental impact to EBITDA positive. It's not going to make the year for us but it certainly will be a positive. We do expect that we will improve margins as a result of the closures. Again, at the scale of what we're closing, it will be there, but it may not move the needle on our overall corporate margin. But certainly it's headed in the right direction. And certainly we expect that some of the other key metrics that we look like, that we look at, in terms of performance, per-branch performance, per employee, other measures, such like, will be improved as well.
Michael Kneeland: Henry, I also wanted to and kind of dropped back to the other question, which may help you, as well, when you take a look at this. We look at not only where we are today, but where we expect this branch to perform over the next three to five years, using some projects and, whether it's be the population shift, whether it be some of the McGraw-Hill projections. We've had a better understanding of where the market is, and so all of those go into that equation when we look at these branches. And it's part of our longer-term strategy that we will emerge as a lender, stronger, more-efficient company, as we come out of this.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Okay, and if I could squeeze in one more. Is it possible to talk a little about what you're seeing for prices in the used market, maybe by fleet type?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. You know, let me just kind of give you a little bit of a history. Based on the fourth quarter call that we had nine weeks ago the lowest point that we saw was in December. The auction prices that came in in February did better than we expected. We have seen a further decline in pricing, and it's kind of broken up into different categories. Obviously, larger earth moving equipment is still being compressed. We are seeing also some compression on aerial equipment, in particular scissor lifts, things that are related to retail. On the flipside, you're still seeing things that are small in numbers like some of the reach forklifts are still doing okay in material handling. And also lighting equipment and some of the other light-style equipment related to general rentals is doing fairly well. But it's down.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso  Isi Group.
David Raso  Isi Group: Hi, good morning. Just a real simple question, a little help with the interest expense for the rest of the year. How are you thinking about that figure, because we started with 50 this year?
William Plummer: David, it's Bill. You know, I don't see any dramatic change to the interest expense over the remainder of the year, absent of course any repurchases that we might do later in the year. And so the first quarter run rate is a fairly valid run rate for the rest of the year.
David Raso  Isi Group: And, when I think about the full year of free cash flow being maintained at $300 million, but it took $100 million of net CapEx reduction to keep it, and obviously that more than offsets the roughly, say, $25 million of cash from the new restructuring in 2Q. That difference is it  I know you don't give net income guidance for the year, but is that difference essentially an internal lowering of what you thought net income was going to be, and now where you think it's going to be? Or, is there a working capital change in your thoughts, as well?
William Plummer: It's the rate environment we have seen is very aggressively down, and that flows through our operating results pretty significantly. And, o we certainly have seen a more challenging operating environment. Pressure on cash from ops, and we've got the ability to respond in the form of how we generate cash from our used equipment sales. The good news is that the environment will allow us to ramp up used equipment sales, to respond and to offset somewhat, given the softness in utilization that we've been seeing. 
David Raso  Isi Group: Regarding the EPS, obviously the loss this quarter, do we expect each of the remaining quarters of the year to be positive?
William Plummer: We're not offering a specific number for the remaining quarter. So, tune in, and you'll see as they unfold.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: Just a question on, I guess, one, maintenance CapEx. What is your maintenance CapEx?
William Plummer: What is our maintenance CapEx? That's sort of the challenging question to ask. If you're talking about the amount of CapEx that we would need to spend to maintain our fleet, at a given level of OEC and a given level of age, it's a pretty significant number. It's something just south of $600 million. If you're talking about the amount of CapEx that we would need to spend merely to keep the current equipment that we have operating, it's a materially lower number. I don't have one here, sort of at the top of my head, but it's significantly lower.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: I guess the question is where do you think that your gross CapEx is going to be for the year? I mean, you discussed that on net basis over the year. I'm just wondering from a gross CapEx?
William Plummer: Yes, again, we talk about it as a net and we think about managing it as a net. And so we will continue to focus on the net number, more so than the gross.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: And, I believe you actually should have had your appraisal done recently. Can you talk about that in terms of what values were down, and what your excess borrowing base is right now, versus the commitment?
William Plummer: We did. Rouse completed their semi-annual assessment of our fleet in March. The net result was that our values were down, roughly 20%, versus the September number. And it left us with  still left us with very significant suppressed availability, i.e. borrowing base above the max size of the facility. We have suppressed availability of somewhere north of $0.5 billion still.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: And then just in terms of repurchases you talked about maybe buying some more debt back. I mean I thought on the last call you said your RP basket was negative, given the goodwill charge that you took in Q4. How are you buying back these [monies]? Where's the ability to buy these back, given a negative RP balance?
William Plummer: Chris, you've picked probably the most complicated question you could have possibly asked, but let me try it here. The RP basket that is negative is the basket that arises out of our 6.5% senior unsecured note. That negative balance in the basket restricts the operating company, URNA, from buying subordinated issues. It does not restrict the operating company, URNA, from buying the 6.5% note. So, we can still buy the 6.5s, which is what we did in the first quarter. On top of that, there is cash available to us up in the holding company, URI, the parent, which could also be used to buy issues, either of the holding company or the operating company. It has its own separate, restricted payments limitation basket which is significantly positive. And so if we decided we wanted to buy subordinated issues, we could do it, using the cash that is held up at the URI holding level.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: Now, if I'm not mistaken, the last call, you said there was no cash up there, at that point. Did you move cash up there?
William Plummer: No. There was cash at the last call. There was about $260 million, if I remember correctly, up at the holding company level at the last call. It's a little bit more now and we had moved cash over the course of the last year to get us there. We also have ongoing relationships between the holding company and the operating company that are defined as trademark license agreements and service agreements that flow cash up on an ongoing basis, sufficient to support the debt service at the holding company level, URI.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: Of that $260 million, that can still be used to basically take out the 1-7/8 converts when those become [portable] on 2010, correct?
William Plummer: That is correct, although it wouldn't need to be used to respond to the put of the 1-7/8. It would need to be used to buy them in the open market, but responding the put of the 1-7/8 is a scheduled event in the indenture of the operating company. And we can respond to that, regardless of what the RP basket status is.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer:  And then just one last question related to the trench business, I look at that business and you have some pretty good dollar utilization on that, but yet time utilization is down. And I wonder whether there's an ability to liquidate some of that equipment and get better time utilization and hence better ROIs on that? Is there a market for used equipment for that sector?
Michael Kneeland:  Yes, you're right it does give a substantial return on investment capital. In that business the ROI is extremely attractive. And most of the assets they have it is not serialized. A lot of it is steel plate and more commodity than anything else. We believe that with the infrastructure and the stimulus package that's well-positioned to improve over time. And I think I would hesitate before de-fleeting that area of the business at this point. Again it will benefit quicker than any one of our segments with the stimulus package infrastructure spending.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Manish Somaiya  Citi. 
Manish Somaiya  Citi:  I have a question. One of your peers announced earnings yesterday. Their pricing was off 4%, yours was off 11.5% and I'm just trying to reconcile the difference.
Michael Kneeland:  Well, I mean the differences are, one, I don't know how they measure rates. I can only tell you how we measure rates as far as the difference. Rates is a balancing act. As you know we're transforming our business away from smaller customers to national accounts and industrial. Part of that is inflicted that we're doing intentionally. The rest of it there's a very challenging market out there.  And sometimes we have seen some irrational pricing we've actually walked away. But my comment in my opening statement, Manish, is we can do a better job. We're really going to dive in and we're going to make sure that we are really managing these rates effectively. I think that's the prudent thing for us to do. But I can't measure the delta between us and them; different companies, and I'll leave it at that.
Manish Somaiya  Citi:  My follow-up is if I look at the rental fleet OEC it was only down about $100 million sequentially and I guess realizing that the environment was weak and getting weaker, what was sort of the decision not to aggressively bring that down?
Michael Kneeland:  Well one of which is that it's the winter; it's the lowest part of the seasonal structure of our industry. We have aggressively taken our inventory down. If you go back we took $100 million out in the fourth quarter, to your point, sequentially down another $100 million. We'll continue to de-fleet as we go through the year. And we're just doing it on an orderly process. We are also selling our oldest fleet at 78 months which is part of our lifecycle. But it's safe to say, Manish, that we will continue to de-fleet through the balance of this year. 
Manish Somaiya  Citi:  And in regards to the gross margin on sale of used equipment, I think you pointed out that they declined pretty substantially and part of that related to the mix shift from retail sales to auctions. Do you expect that to continue? And I guess with the weaker markets would you be willing to sell equipment even if margins turned negative?
Michael Kneeland:  Well in fact we have been selling some fleet that has been negative. As I just mentioned some of the results that we're seeing, we have seen some excavators, earth-moving equipment has been negative. When you take a look at our rates it's a balance of what we do on retail versus auctions. This last quarter 40% of our sales were actually at auctions, which is much higher than we've had in the past. We'll continue to de-fleet, and to your point, the margins will come out where they fit. But I would expect the margins to continue to decline for some period.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Seth Weber  BAS-ML.
Seth Weber  BAS-ML:  Mike, I know you're not giving quarterly guidance specifically but can you comment on April how that came in relative to say March? I mean I know there's a seasonal uptick but can you give us any color on what April looked like?
Michael Kneeland:  Well we can't give you specific numbers. What I can tell you is that we've seen a slight seasonal uptick albeit at a lower volume than it was on a year-over-year basis. And I think that is consistent with the current macro environment. Everyone inside the industry I think is  all of us are de-fleeting and taking as much cost out of our structure. We'll continue that as well. We're not going to give quarterly guidance you're right, Seth. It's too early in the game.
Seth Weber  BAS-ML: Have you started to see any improvement in Florida or California?
Michael Kneeland:  In California we have seen it somewhat hit bottom. It appears to be leveling off. We are seeing some of our time utilization slightly improve there. Florida is a different story, still a mixed bag with regards to the markets. And by the way those two states are the two states that we've had the most of our consolidations and closures.
Seth Weber  BAS-ML:  Maybe, Bill, can you talk about if you're seeing anything on the bad debt side? Have there been any tick ups there that you're taking notice of?
William Plummer: Yes, bad debt expense for us did tick up a little bit versus last year as you might expect in the current environment. But it's nothing major, nothing that we're overly concerned about. We ended the quarter with DSO of about 55.1 days and that was only up about a half a day versus last year at this time. So we're watching it very carefully. Our credit and collections people are calling earlier, calling more frequently.  We're leaning more jobs. We're doing all the things that you would expect and hope that we'd be doing in this environment. And I think it's playing to our benefit, but obviously you have to continue to watch it very closely in an environment that is as soft as what we are.
Seth Weber  BAS-ML: And then just last question, if your net CapEx is approaching zero this year do you have an idea where you expect to end in the year as far as number of fleet months, number of age in fleet months?
Michael Kneeland:  This is Mike. We're comfortable coming in around 43 months and that's what we said on the last call and we're still holding to it. Keep in mind we're selling the oldest assets first which is a key takeaway. And if you go to our investor presentation on the Web you'll see it on page 32.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse.
Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse:  On the fleet side it sounds like you're going to be somewhat more aggressive on selling fleet. And I guess my question is you're taking a lot out of CapEx, I'm sorry, out of SG&A you took out, I guess, $20 million and you're targeting $50 million to $60 million. As the environment continues to decline, what other levers can you push to take the fixed cost out of the business to try to keep profitability where it is at least?
Michael Kneeland.:  Obviously you're right, we reduced our CapEx. We'll also increase our used sales. We've adjusted our headcount. We'll continue to look at that as the market continues. We transfer our fleet and we've optimized our branch network and that will play out over the second quarter. But I will tell you that we are still pursuing several areas, one of which is trying to build our business in that's industrial, that's one.  So we're trying to put revenue stream in place. But we haven't  there's more to come and more for us to focus on and cost control. We're not done yet. And that's a commitment by me and the management team to continue to focus on. So I would expect more to come.
Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse:  And what's the timing on the branch closures? And did you quantify the cost savings that you expect to come out of that?
William Plummer:  We certainly expect the closures to happen during the course of the second quarter. We haven't quantified really any of the impact in the P&L. We'll address that as the quarter unfolds.
Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse: And it looks like your availability on the ABL is somewhere around $550 million. Can you give us the balance on that as the end of the quarter?
William Plummer: At the end of the quarter ABL balance  I have today's. But hang on one second and I'll get you the quarter end. We had $561 million at the end of the quarter.
Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse: And your availability of roughly $550 million it looks like, that's after the appraisal?
William Plummer:  The availability after the appraisal, I'm sorry, the $561 number was the combined availability as of the end of the quarter. So is your question about availability or is it about  
Tom Klamka  Credit Suisse: Well two questions, is that availability number under the ABL does that reflect the decline in OLVs for the Rouse appraisal?
William Plummer:  Yes, it does. As I said earlier the borrowing base which underlies the overall facility is more than half a billion dollars in excess of the $1.285 billion max size of the facility. I always have to be careful with these things because the bankers have their own language so I try to state it in plain English. But sometimes the terms get confusing.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Could we talk a minute on industrial? I didn't catch if you guys mentioned what the mix was now, sounds like some good opportunity there. Could we go just a little deeper? Particularly I think I missed the detail, too, on was it eight new opportunities in April that you've closed or were they looking to be signed in the $40 million opportunity?
Michael Kneeland:  No, we had 12 up going into the quarter and we had an additional eight in this past month in April so that makes the total 20. The total share of the wallet spend as estimated with our team and with our partner gives us color as to how much they would spend altogether. What was the other part of your question?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer:  Just what is your mix now of industrial given that you're actively pursuing it?
Michael Kneeland:  Right now it's roughly 19%, our objective  is that what you're asking me  is to go towards 30%.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Switching up on pricing, you mentioned the new systems and looking to have more centralized control and standardization for the branches. How far out is achieving that? Is it something where you may not be able to properly communicate this for the next quarter or two, or is this something that's going to happen instantly?
Michael Kneeland:  Well it's a phase-in process. That's a great question and to be quite candid with you, I'm very excited about this because I think the industry is ready for something like this. Starting in this quarter, we will pilot and then we will roll out the base going into the third quarter which will effectively automate a lot of the processes that we have today so it will be real time information available. As we go through into the fourth quarter we will roll out a dynamic pricing model which takes into account a lot of different things like the customer, the type of customer, the type of equipment, how they pay, the return, the ROI on the customer, just a lot of different things that are a little more scientific and that will be very, very robust, and I think cutting edge I know for this company and certainly I think for the industry. And it will have a hard stop that will require approval process. And so you can look forward to us rolling that out starting in the second quarter, this quarter today, to the third quarter. But it's not going to stop us from doing all the other fundamentals that we're doing. It's just going to speed up the process.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: And finally a two-pronged question, auction percentage of used equipment sales went up in the first quarter. Can you give us an indication of do you think that will tick up or down in the second quarter? And then also to the extent you can answer, used equipment margins continuing to trend down in the second quarter? 
Michael Kneeland:  The answer to both is yes because of all the closures we will probably be pursuing, some of that will go retail that we're not using for the closures but will push out the remainders auctions. With regards to, as a percentage of our total sales auctions will increase as we go forward. And what was the other part of the question?
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: Intuitively I think you already covered it, not a surprise, margins in used equipments probably continue to decline 2Q from 1Q?
Michael Kneeland:  Yes, it will be balanced, the auction prices will be balanced against our retail prices because we still are retailing equipment to our sales force.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: I was wondering about the timing of the free cash flow. Is it correct to assume that the bulk of the free cash flow will come in the first and fourth quarters with very little in the second and third?
William Plummer:  I think the timing really will depend how the timing of the used sales flow throughout the course of the years and so we'll have to see how that plays. Again the watchword for us is flexibility and being able to respond as the market unfolds. And we'll ramp up or ramp down used sales, new CapEx in response to what we see in the operating environment.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: And then for the year do you have an estimate of cash taxes?
William Plummer:  For the full year, 12.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: And working capital do we expect that to be a source or used as we go through the year when you're contracting the business?
William Plummer:  That one's going to be a source for the year, probably a decent size and just responding primarily to the decline in accounts receivable.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: And then as we look at the one-time cost associated with the cost savings you guys have implemented, I think you made it very clear in the second quarter it's $11 million to $16 million of cash costs. What's the total year expectation for the cash costs associated with cost saving programs?
William Plummer: Most of it will be cash. Honestly I don't have a number right off the top of my head, so let me hold off on offering a specific cash target there.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: I guess what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to build back to an EBITDA number going from the bottom up. And if you have $300 million of free cash flow, let's say $200 million of interest expense, zero on CapEx, roughly $12 million on cash taxes, let's say $20 million on one-time costs, the number is more in the $500 million of EBITDA. That sounds a little low based on what you're seeing. Am I wrong or is the free cash flow number very conservative?
William Plummer:  I certainly won't offer an opinion on whether you're right or wrong. We believe the free cash flow number is achievable and that's what we're going to manage to.
Philip Paselli  Cantor Fitzgerald: Last question the annual trademark licenses and services agreement that go from URNA to URI, do you have a  how big is that? What is the number?
William Plummer:  Roughly $75 million between the two of them.
Operator:  I would like to hand the program back to our presenters for any further remarks.
Michael Kneeland:  Thank you, everyone, I want to thank you for joining us today. You can see that we are looking at the year very realistically but at the same time we're refusing to concede in any area that was within our control. We're steering the ship accordingly to a clear, defined strategy for long-term growth, and we're taking all of the necessary steps to strengthen our current course which is meeting our customer demand, a healthy liquidity, shifting our base towards longer accounts, larger accounts, and positioning the company to benefit significantly when the recovery begins. This concludes our remarks for the day and I want to thank everybody. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - President and CEO William Plummer - EVP and CFO Jonathan Gottsegen - SVP and General Counsel
Analysts: Manish Somaiya - Citi Henry Kirn - UBS Seth Weber - Bank of America Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald Christina Woo - Soleil Securities Yilma Abebe - JPMorgan. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer James Ragan - Crowell, Weedon & Co
Operator: Welcome to the United Rentals fourth quarter and full year 2008 investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded and is copyrighted by United Rentals Inc. Before we begin, the company has asked me to remind you that many of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses to your questions, will contain forward-looking statements. United Rentals' businesses and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statements. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings release. For a fuller description of these and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's Annual Report on the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, which has just been filed with the SEC. You can access the company's press releases, as well as all of its SEC filings on the company's website at www.ur.com using the link captioned, Access Investor Relations. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. During the conference call, references will be made to free cash flow, pro forma EPS, EBITDA, and pro forma EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer, and William Plummer, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Bill Plummer, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of our senior management team. As you know, Bill joined us in December following an executive position with Dow Jones, Alcoa and GE and I want to take this opportunity to officially welcome him in front of the investment community. Bill is a very strong addition to our executive team and we are extremely pleased to have him on board. He will review our results with you later in the call. I also want to welcome Jonathan Gottsegen, who's with us here today as our new general counsel. Jonathan is the most recent addition to our leadership team, following the appointment of three new directors to our boards in January. There are Jose Alvarez, Bobby Griffin and Filippo Passerini and like Jonathan, they are highly seasoned executives who's expertise will be instrumental in helping us to obtain our strategic goals. I want to use my time today to address three topics, the current construction environment, and our perspective on 2009, and our long-term goals for the business. But, before I begin, I want to be clear about something, some aspects of our 2008 performance were disappointing to the company, and to me personally. We did what we could do to forecast results in a very challenging economy, but nevertheless we end up missing the mark. As it turned out, there was almost no visibility as we progressed through the fourth quarter, and there appears to be even less in 2009. Consequently, we have chosen not to provide a formal outlook. We will rather focus on giving you meaningful information about our strategy and markets, and our financial position. We have an excellent plan in place, one that keeps our priorities firmly on cash generation, liquidity, cost control, and customer service. We are executing that plan in every area of our business that is within our control. As a result, there are a number of accomplishments that we can point to for 2008. We generated $3.3 billion of revenue and over a billion dollars of EBITDA despite a construction market that became substantially weaker in the second half of the year. Our rental revenue increased to 76% of total revenue reflecting our strategic re-focus on our core business of equipment rental. Our gross margin on contractor supplies improved 460 basis points to 23.6% for the year, as we continued to retool our merchandise range. And we held time utilization nearly constant year-over-year at 63.6. However we lost some ground on rates in the process. And I want to talk more about that in a minute. We closed or consolidated 43 branches in the fourth quarter, that's 13 more than we had originally estimated. In total, we reduced our branch count by 75 locations in 2008, without exiting any state or province. And we reduced our head count by approximately 1,000 employees. But bear in mind, we'd already reduced our workforce by about 1,100 in 2007, so the total over two years comes to more than 21 employees. Bill will discuss some additional improvements, including free cash flow when he reviews our results. All of this was accomplished within an operating environment that that deteriorated as the year progressed. Commercial and industrial construction took an unprecedented double hit from the economy and the credit crisis. This contributed to a rapid decline in non-residential construction starts in the fourth quarter. For customers who can't get jobs or finance, it has a domino effect on equipment demand for months to come. When the banks stop lending, jobs started to dry up. Now that we're in 2009, and with two months under our belt, I can tell you that that scenario that we saw in the fourth quarter is still playing out. The weakness that we saw in Southwest, Southeast and Northwest regions last year, has now extended to all of our operating regions in varying degrees. California and Florida remain our weakest markets. 20% of the branches we closed or consolidated in 2008 were in those two states alone. There are still some bright spots out there. These tend to be based on a size of the project or the type of construction rather than on geography. Construction of warehouses, hotels, and retail stores, slowed down considerably in January, while some energy projects and manufacturing plants are moving ahead. As two examples, we have the lion share of assets on rent at a wind turbine plant in Colorado and a power plant in Nebraska. Unfortunately, for every project that has a green light, I could probably name several that have been postponed or canceled. The immediate climate for commercial building is still very weak, but there will be a recovery, but at this time, it's still off everyone's radar. In 2009, we're prepared for a year over decline in non-residential construction spending somewhere in the upper teens and possibly more to follow in 2010. You've heard me say many times that we went into this downturn with our eyes wide open to the challenges ahead. And, as you will hear from us today, we are continuing to confront the situation head-on, aggressively, realistically and with discipline. We're being realistic about the fact that there's very little clarity in our operating environment this time. Internally, however, we have extreme clarity into the business. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a very disciplined plan in place, that allows us to navigate to a softening market in 2009 and 2010, one that keeps our priorities firmly on cash generation, liquidity, cost control, and customer service. I want to touch on some of these key leaders of that plan. First, I can confirm our earlier estimate that net rental CapEx will be roughly $100 million in 2009. Now, we expect this result, with an average age of our fleet about 43 months, which is still within optimum range. Our intention is to continue to de-fleet by reducing underperforming categories in older units. We took an aggressive stance with de-fleeting in the last three months of 2008, selling off $209 million of OEC, at lower than historical margins, although these sales are still profitable for us. Our primary goal for used equipment sales in this or any environment is to properly manage the size and age of our fleet and our free cash flow. I also want to put some detail on SG&A, rates, and fleet management. As reported last night, we achieved a significant decrease of $84 million in SG&A expense in 2008. In 2009 we want to drive down our SG&A number by another $40 million to $50 million. Our commitment to cost control is not a temporary reaction to the economy. It is a cornerstone of the strategy that we put in place nearly two years ago. Our strategy defines United Rentals first and foremost an equipment rental company. It mandates that we are continuously improving our cost structure and our fleet management. We've made great strides in rationalizing our cost structure, but there's still a lot more that we can do. This year, we're looking at a number of ways to control the cost, including business process improvements, new efficiencies in our IT infrastructure and sales force productivity tools. We are continuing to negotiate new supplier agreements through our strategic sourcing initiative. This saved us another $22 million in 2008. And while the incremental benefit of strategic souring will lessen over time, we expect to realize at least $15 million in additional savings this year Rates are a more complicated issue. Our rates ended down 3.1% year-over-year, which included a 6.4% drop in the fourth quarter. Some of that decline comes from competitive pressure in the marketplace. Our sales -- our salespeople are focused on our most profitable customers, rather than chasing every rock-bottom deal that's out there, but there's still a large area of business that falls in the middle ground and no one in our industry is immune from rate pressure. In addition, some of the decline is attributable to our emphasis on national account agreements. National accounts typically transact at lower rates but higher volumes and are more efficient to service. As a result, they tend to be more profitable over time. In 2008, the majority of our new national account agreements were added in the second half of the year, which impacted rates without the benefit of volume. One of our goals in managing rates is to grow our market share with larger accounts and industrial companies. We also want to serve our local customer base as profitably as possible, even though our branches are seeing a lot of pressure on pricing. Now given the severity in duration of the recession we expect rates to continue to be challenging this year. As I've noted before, rates and time utilization are a complex balancing act, one that is directly related to the positioning of our fleet. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we transferred a record $1.4 billion of fleet among our branches. That's more than 30% of our total investment in fleet redeployed to areas where we saw potential for greater demand. As we continue to de-fleet in 2009, we see transfers playing an important roll in asset management. Fleet transfers, are just one example of how the size of our branch footprint gives us a lot of room to leverage of our leadership position. We also have the advantage of size for pursuing national accounts and industrial rentals. These two sectors will help make our business less sensitive to commercial construction cycles in the future. Our renewed emphasis on national accounts, while still less than a year old has all the hallmarks of a home run. In 2008, we put more than 15 new agreements in place, with customers that are strong, well-respected companies in their own right and our branches understand the importance of earning their loyalty. This group also includes government sales program where we increased our rental revenues by more than 11% in the fourth quarter. The industrial revenue is another promising target. The industrial market generates an estimated $12 billion of rental activity annually, and we serve about 4% of that right now and we can handle a lot more. Industrial rental is a highly profitable business for us and over time we will make a strategic shift and a number of branches tailored to serve industrial customers and add more of these companies to our national account program. Externally, the new economic stimulus package should benefit our US operations, although not until the second half of the year at the earliest. There is similar legislation on a drawing board in Canada. The stimulus package includes a total of $135 billion of new infrastructure spending, which is good news to most of our end markets. A lot of it is earmarked for projects that will require underground construction, such as $7.2 billion to expand broadband networks and $4 billion for sewer work. As a leading trench safety rental company in North America, we could expect to benefit at the leading edge of these expenditures. Every lever I just described to you, the branch network, headcount, CapEx, cost control, fleet management and customer mix has the ability to be a stabilizing force in these turbulent times, as well as a trigger for future growth. We are definitely focused on navigating the recession with every lever at our disposal. But we're also focused on our longer-term objectives of EBITDA growth, market share, and customer service leadership. I'm happy to say, that there's huge energy around customer service this year at United Rentals. We recently launched operation United, a massive company wide program designed to earn and retain customer loyalty. Independent research shows that no equipment rental company in North America has succeeded in differentiating itself on the basis of customer service. And we are committed to capturing that advantage. Our branches have adopted a no excuses attitude toward each transaction. They understand that this opportunity is entirely within their control. Customers are going to experience a higher level of service and greater consistency of service whether you rent from us from Miami or Vancouver. Now as part of operation United, we are changing our sales compensation system, our account service structure, and benchmarking to reflect our goals. We have a plan in place to leverage our scale, win new accounts, increase our share of wallet with existing accounts, and entrench our brand as the first choice for equipment rental. This is an exciting mission and it received an incredible reaction from our branch managers in January. They are really fired up and to see that kind of enthusiasm for customer service made me very proud to be part of this company. Now before I hand over the microphone to Bill, I want to make you aware of a new investor presentation that can be downloaded from our website. It covers many of the topics you'll hear today from us, and provides further detail about our strategy and business model. Now, in closing, I want to return to the statement I made earlier in this call. We are continuing to confront an extremely challenging situation head on; aggressively, realistically and with discipline. There are no rose colored glasses here. We know what we're up against and we're advancing to it with a strong, well formulated plan of action. We have ample liquidity, as Bill will review with you in a moment. We expect to generate significant free cash flow in a challenging year just as we did in 2008. And we're continuing to bring down our costs, and we have a clearly defined strategy for long-term growth. Furthermore, our company is guided by a leadership team that brings a powerful mix of rental industry experience and business expertise to every strategic decision we make. We will continue to build on this dynamic, bringing the best people on board to make sure that United Rentals continues to capitalize on every opportunity. And with that, Ill ask Bill to review our balance sheet and our 2008 results and then we'll go to Q&A and take your questions. Bill?
William Plummer:  Thank you Michael, and good morning to everyone. Michael has provided an overview of our 2008 performance, the current construction market, and our long-term goals for the business. I plan on reviewing our 2008 performance in greater detail including the progress that we're making on cost savings initiatives. I'll also give some more detail to our objectives for 2009. But first, I'd like to take a few minutes to focus on our liquidity and capital structure. Before I joined the company last December, I spent a good deal of time analyzing the company's strength and its capacity to weather this economic downturn. I looked at the company's free cash flow, liquidity, debt structure and financial covenants. After this review, I asked myself one simple question: Can this company survive a prolonged economic downturn? Obviously, my answer was yes, and here's why. First, the company generates significant free cash flow. Over the past two years for example, we've generated about $575 million of free cash flow, including $335 million in 2008. And looking ahead to 2009 we expect to expect to generate another roughly $300 million of free cash flow. That means that over a three-year period, we would expect to generate just under $1 billion of free cash flow. This is not surprising, because this business is counter cyclical from a cash perspective. Second, the company is in a strong liquidity position. At the end of December, we had over $600 million of liquidity, including availability under our ABL, and our accounts receivable facilities. The third factor I considered was the company's financial flexibility. Regarding our covenants, the most restrictive covenants we face are in our ABL. There we have two financial covenants, a fixed charge coverage ratio and a senior secured leverage ratio. At the end of the year, our fixed charge coverage covered ratio was at 2.62 times and that's significantly more than the minimum threshold ratio of 1.1 times. Meanwhile the senior leverage ratio was at 0.95 times at the end of the year and that's significantly less than the maximum threshold ratio of 1.75 times. So as you can see, we had significant cushion in both these covenants at the year-end. Looking ahead, we expect these covenants to become even less restrictive since the terms of the facility allowed them to spring off in June of this year if we maintain availability in the facility of at least 20%. And that's a level we expect to easily exceed. Debt maturities also figure in our financial flexibility. The company has no significant debt maturities until 2012, when our 6.5% senior notes mature. And even though investors have a put right where they could put up to $144 million of our 1.875 convertible debentures back to us in 2010. Our capital structure provides us with a great deal of flexibility. Because of this flexibility and because of our strong free cash flow generation, we're able to retire $125 million of the 14% HoldCo notes in the third quarter. And we're also able to repurchase a $130 million principal amount of our high yield notes in the fourth quarter. Looking at all these metrics and recognizing our ability to reduce CapEx, de-fleet and optimize our branch network and headcount, I'm very confident that we will weather these turbulent times. Having said that and recognizing the current construction environment and the seasonal nature of our business, we are expecting a net loss in the first quarter. Now let's turn to your 2008 performance. First our revenues; our rental revenue decreased 6% in 2008. And that reflects a 3.1% decline in rental rates. Although rates were down significantly, our time utilization is 53.6% was basically flat year-over-year, reflecting our focus on fleet transfers, targeted used equipment sales and a greater proportion of monthly rentals. In our contractor supplies business, although our revenues were down 44%, our gross margin improved 460 basis points versus the prior year. And that was in line with our strategy of repositioning the business. Second, SG&A. In 2008, our SG&A decreased by $84 million as Michael mentioned. And our SG&A as a percent of revenue improved by 40 basis points. This improvement which directly relates to headcount actions as Michael mentioned as well as the success of our SSI strategic sourcing initiative includes $65 million of savings from salaries, benefits and P&E. Third EPS; our pro forma EPS for the year was $2.62 on a share count of 85 million shares. That's compared to $2.67 on a share count of 114 million shares in 2007. And finally EBITDA, our pro forma EBITDA margin increased by 120 basis points to 32.4% also reflecting the success of our cost initiatives. While we were especially pleased that we generated that we generated this margin expansion in the face of revenue being down 12%, we are not complacent. There is much more work to be done and savings to be realized. Now let's take a moment to review our objectives for 2009. As Michael mentioned, given our lack of visibility into the operating environment, we will not be providing a formal outlook. Having said that, what I can talk about are certain aspects of our business that are firmly within our control. For example with respect to SG&A, although SG&A as a percent of revenue will be under pressure this year, we do expect to reduce the absolute level of SG&A spends by $40 million to $50 million. Looking at our CapEx as Michael mentioned we're forecasting net rental CapEx for 2009 of about $100 million. This represents a significant reduction versus the $360 million for 2008. And it illustrates the capacity of this business to generate significant free cash in challenging markets. And although reducing CapEx will cause our fleet to age in 2009, we believe it is the right decision for the business as it will lead to stronger free cash generation. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to generate about $300 million in free cash flow for the year and if the environment continues to be remain challenged, which we expect it will at least for the balance of 2009, this cash will likely be used to further reduce our debt levels. In terms of whether we look at repurchasing additional high yield debt as we did in the fourth quarter, or retiring more of the 14% HoldCo notes as we did in the third quarter or simply paying down the ABL, these are the decisions that we'll make throughout the course of the year in consultation with our Board of Directors. That summarizes my comments on 2009 objectives. Now, I would like to turn it over to the operator to begin the question and answers. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Manish Somaiya from Citi.
Manish Somaiya  Citi:  Yes, hi, good morning. A couple questions. Michael, can you give us a sense for the used equipment market? I think we've heard from a few sources that used equipment market was off about 5 to 8% in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense for where we have been over the last 12 months, and where do you it see that going?
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Manish, how are you? Thanks for the question. The used prices, I mean, there's two dynamics, one of which is, what goes to auction and what goes to retail. What we do on a retail basis, where we have over 70% of our sales is retail, we're still seeing relatively healthy margins. However, in the auction, we have seen prices come down about 10% year- over-year, part of that is mix, Manish. I was just recently at the large auction in Orlando with Ritchie Bros. Both myself and other members of our management team, went through there and I will tell you that some of the prices that I saw there were actually up slightly from what they -- were the results that we saw in December.
Manish Somaiya - Citi: And Michael, just as a follow-up to that question then, can you give us a sense for where earths moving is vis--vis Aerials, what's the difference in used equipment prices?
Michael Kneeland: Used equipment prices at that auction were specifically -- were actually down. They were down, again, probably in the vicinity of 15% to 20% on a year-over-year basis, but again it comes down to model the year and brand, and the amount that was in this auction. By the way, this auction was the largest auction in the world, and it was up significantly on a year-over-year basis. With inside of Aerial, again its product mix, booms better than scissors, small scissors which are more related towards retail and that type of construction. We saw prices come down on year-over-year basis.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. So I guess that at a call, I think in the last cycle we were off about 15% to 20% and we're just entering the downturn and we're off 15% to 20%. So, would you say that we are likely to reach the trends we saw in the last cycle for used equipment.
Michael Kneeland: I think it's too early to tell Manish, the world today is far different than it was in the last downturn. I will tell you that at this auction, I was impressed with the amount of foreign bidders coming in due to the new channels that they have out there. So I think it's yet to be determined. My sense is that, typically what you see happens out of this auction, in Orlando, kind of sets the base for the year, but, again, the year has to play out.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. And then just one last thing, on the similar topic, of the things that we'd seen in the last cycle was that some of the old retirees came back to the industry with the availability of secondary equipment. Are you seeing that this cycle and obviously in the last cycle when the retirees came back, it had a pretty negative implication for pricing, so can you just give us a sense of what's going on, on that front?
Michael Kneeland:  Well. I will tell you that I did see some old faces that I haven't seen for a long time at the auction. That being said, not all of them were buying. Some of them were just  they are  its part of their DNA they want to see what's happening in the industry. But today's industry is far different, again, than it was in the past, so to get any kind of scale, customers demand, newer equipment. I shouldn't say newer equipment but equipment that is useful, for the life, and, again, the changes that happened between people trying to enter into market today is far different, and the services that we provide, not only ourselves but other national companies are very hard to duplicate just by having someone entering into the marketplace.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. Well thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Henry Kirn from UBS.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Henry.
Henry Kirn - UBS: A quick question on utilization and pricing, is it possible to give a little more granularity either by equipment type or by geography?
Michael Kneeland: Well, I can tell you more by equipment type. And by the way, Henry and for everyone on the call, there's a lot of detail in our presentation that we put out there, based on our type of equipment, and it's broken down into several categories, but you'll see that the Aerial and also the rough terrain or forklifts, material handling devices, our time for the full year was in the 70's. The one area that you saw time decrease was in earth moving, in particular larger earth moving devices. Those are areas that as people aren't developing large tracks of tracks of lands any more and our trench and our other, was actually flat on a year- over-year basis, but it's a different type of business, its more system oriented, high return business. Geography wise, it's a mixed bag out there. Obviously, as I mentioned, what we saw, a continuation in Florida and California, we saw, decreases there. As a result of that, we moved the fleet around outside of those regions.
Henry Kirn - UBS:  Well that's helpful, and in terms of your cost cutting initiatives. How much further do you think you have in terms of being able to cut back before you could impact the operations?
William Plummer: Henry, its Bill Plummer, I don't have a specific number that I can give you on that, what I would say is that, I think everyone here feels, I certainly feel that, there is plenty more runway ahead of us on cost reductions. Across SG&A, across our branch activities, we can identify a number of initiatives yet to be played out, and, we'll describe them as we go forward.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber from Bank of America.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Just first a quick clarification on the SG&A expense reduction. Is that based off with just the absolute '08 versus absolute '09 or is that using the fourth quarter as a run rate?
William Plummer: It's absolute year versus year.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay. And, thank you. Can you talk about whether you're seeing any liquidity issues from any of your customers, or is anybody having, making requests to extend payments or fulfilling contractual obligations or anything like that?
William Plummer: Seth, we don't, we don't have any specific liquidity issues from particular clients. Our overall portfolio, as you might imagine has seen some extension of our receivables, days, over the last several months It's not dramatic, but it's in line with what you might expect given the challenges of the operating environment. We ended the year at a DSO of something like, just under 52 days, 51.6 days, and that actually was fairly flat versus the prior year. So, we had been focused on managing our exposure in receivables. We think we've got a lot of the right things going on. We've been able to manage the metrics pretty well, but we're starting to feel a little bit of pressure in the early part of '09 and we're going to keep very close tabs on it.
Michael Kneeland: Seth, this is Mike. I just want to mention one other thing. That is a lot of our jobs we can lien, we have lien rights. So we feel very comfortable with, what we have out there and as Bill mentioned we keep a keen eye on our receivables, particularly in this environment.
Seth Weber - Bank of America:  Okay. Fair enough. Just going, going back to the pricing question and kind of the discipline in the market. Would you characterize that competitive pressures is coming more from kind of the mom and pops, the local guys or is it pretty much across the board at this point?
Michael Kneeland: I would say that, that would be a fair assessment, obviously for smaller companies they are somewhat land locked, and they have no really any room to relocate their assets in any other given market. So we're seeing more of a competitive pressure in that arena, in that mid to lower size, and I think the rest of the industry is being responsive.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay. And then just one last question, is there a, a number we should think about for interest expense for 2009?
William Plummer: It will be up from 2008 reflecting the higher debt balance that we'll carry through the full year. I'd rather not provide a specific number.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Emily Shanks from Barclays Capital.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Emily.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: Hi, how are you all?
William Plummer: Good.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: I want to ask of the question on interest expense. Can you give us a sense of what we should expect for cash taxes for '09, please?
William Plummer: Again, we're trying not to get into a lot of detail on the exact numbers, so why don't I hold off on responding to that. It will be comparable to 2008. I'll leave it at that.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: That works. Thank you. And then as we think about what the minimum cash balance is that you guys need to run the business, what is that? Is it around $50 million?
William Plummer: We, we have historically preserved something like $60 million as cash, so that's probably a fair balance to use.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And, then do you anticipate having to pay a dividend to the HoldCo to pay the coupons during fiscal year '09 for the HoldCo note or do you already have sufficient cash up there?
William Plummer: We have sufficient cash up there.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then could you please let us know also what the remaining capacity is, underneath your baskets for future bond for purchases both by the senior tranche as well as the sub-tranche.
William Plummer:  Sure. In fact may be I'll expand a little bit on this topic. The RP basket currently is significantly negative. You can imagine after taking a $1.1 billion impairment charge that that would drive a negative, and it has. We do have cash up in the HoldCo sufficient to not only service its debt, but also to retire issues at the HoldCo level if we chose. And we, as you might expect, also have various inter company arrangements between HoldCo and OpCo that continue to flow some levels of cash up to the HoldCo without having to flow through the RP basket calculation. So we feel that we're well positioned to be able to manage to service all of the debt at the HoldCo level as well as the debt at the OpCo level, and preserve some flexibility to how we might manage those debt balances as we go through the year.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: Okay, and if I could, that's very helpful. One just quick follow-up question that in case I missed it. What is the amount of cash for the HoldCo?
William Plummer: I don't know. Do we put anything in the, take a look through the K and the guarantor statements, I don't know if it will explicitly describe it as cash, because we have inter company arrangements that HoldCo uses to then downstream its cash into the OpCo level. So take a look through the guarantor statements in the 10-K.
Emily Shanks - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Doherty from Oppenheimer.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Chris.
Chris Doherty - Oppenheimer: Hi Mike and Bill. Bill, just a quick question on the borrowing base, when was the last appraisal and when is the next appraisal?
William Plummer: It was in September. And its semi annually so the next time it will come in is toward the end of March.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: And just expanding on the previous statement if we can get a little bit more clarity. When you talked, you mentioned that there's the quote on the 1.875 converts. Would you have enough cash, I mean, seemingly you don't -- well would you have enough cash right now at the HoldCo to take care of that, given that the RP basket is significantly negative?
William Plummer: Well the answer is yes. We have enough cash to take care of that. I'd add that our view is that the put, execution of the put is a scheduled payment and therefore is excluded from the RP basket calculation. So, even if we didn't have the cash, we feel comfortable that we'd be able to address that put if it happened.
Chris Doherty  Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Next question operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Paselli from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your, question please.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Phillip.
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Good morning, gentlemen, how are you?
Michael Kneeland: Doing well.
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Good. So, adding onto Chris's question you could use the revolver to pay should put of the converts come true in March?
William Plummer: I'm sorry you were breaking up, can you repeat that?
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes, I'm sorry. You could use the revolver to fund the put of the converts, the 1.875 convert of the HoldCo, if you wanted to because they're a scheduled payment?
William Plummer: Yes, we believe that we could use the, the OpCo facilities to service that put.
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. And, then when you look at what you plan to repurchase this year, what's the decision matrix that you're using, is it the ability to buy debt at a discount, are you able to buy the 14% notes at a discount, because they don't trade as often. How do you guys think about what you might want to retire this year?
William Plummer: Sure. I'm an old treasury guy, so my mind is pretty easy to read. It's about what's the cheapest debt that we can retire in the capital structure. So we look at current pricing for the 6.5, the 7, the 7.75 and compare those yields to each others and to the 14% coupon that we're paying on the HoldCo notes. Our mechanism for retiring the HoldCo notes is a par call, and so that's the yield there. We compare the yields of the other instruments and we make a call as to which one we find most attractive, and then from there, we overlay a decision about what kind of liquidity we can find in the given issue at the time that we are looking. So that's sort of the mechanism that we go through. Obviously, all of that flows from a decision to, to repurchase, and that decision will depend on how things unfold through the year.
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Great, that's very helpful. And then on the original cost of the fleet. I think in the presentation you mentioned that $4.1 billion, are you guys willing to give us a little bit more granularity on that, maybe a couple more [decimal] ones?
William Plummer: On the absolute level of OEC?
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes.
William Plummer: Its $4.118 billion.
Philip Paselli - Cantor Fitzgerald: Perfect. Great thank you very much and good luck.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
William Plummer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christina Woo from Soleil Securities.
Mike Kneeland: Hi Christina.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Hi. Michael, you made a comment during the prepared remarks that there was a study, which concluded that no equipment rental company had successfully differentiated itself in terms of customer service. I'm wondering if you could provide us with some background on the study like who conducted it. How many were surveyed, when it was conducted and also what specific the customers are seeking that you plan to provide?
Mike Kneeland: Well, I'm not going to give the information on who we use because it's proprietary to that company. It is a national company that is very large in this space. They did an independent survey that we asked them to do, as part of this process. For we consider operation united and there is a lot of things that the customers who came back and part of that is -- the way in which we're structuring ourselves. We look at one point of contact, and we also developed a compensation program to drive some of the levers, consistency of services, and we'll layoff those matrix. I don't want to give a lot of detail because that's competitive information, but I would suffice to say that the information that came back was compelling.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Okay. Could you just let me know when that study was commissioned?
Mike Kneeland: That study was commissioned. It started in April of last year. It was ongoing through the balance of 2008.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Okay. And turning to the slide presentation that you posted online, slide 12 gives us a fleet snapshot which is really helpful. I was hoping you might give us a sense of how much you feel of aging the equipment by the type, by the four categories that you've outlined?
Mike Kneeland: Well. Obviously, the larger booms, you can always age out much farther. The aerial can go out, far and beyond, 15 months if need be or 60 months. Keep in mind that we do, do a refurbishing program and we don't change the age of the asset. So you can get a full year additional useful life. You can do similar rebuilding to our larger forklifts. Earthmoving is, is a different beast, so to say, because quite honestly, it beats itself up. I mean, when you look about dealing with dirt, it has a very has a very hazardous environment. So we would want to keep that within the range of where we have it today, maybe up a few months. Overall when you blend everything together, we're very comfortable between 35 months and 45 months. As I said, in my opening comment we'll come in about 43 months. We're very comfortable with that.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: And, approximately what percentage of your fleets is refurbished?
Mike Kneeland: It's a small amount. If you recall going back to two years ago, we started doing a refurbishing program in 2007, waited for the results, we expanded it in 2008. And a good portion of our capital that we'll be spending this year will go toward refurbishing.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Okay. So it's low single digits percentage?
Mike Kneeland: Yes.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Of the fleet? Okay, perfect, thanks so much.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from you Yilma Abebe from JPMorgan.
Mike Kneeland: Hi, Yilma.
Yilma Abebe - JPMorgan.: Hi thank you. Good morning. If you look out in the volume trends in the last couple months in 2008, I guess -- with the evolving trend in a first couple of months this year. What are you seeing, what's the volume doing, a flat, up, down?
Mike Kneeland: Well, I think, you know, if you take a look at our fourth quarter, our volume came down in the back half of the year, and more significantly in the fourth quarter. we havent given any kind of volume guidance as to what volume will do in 2009 other than the fact were in a challenging environment. And that our primary end market of non-res, we expect to be in their higher teens as far as down in a year-over-year basis.
Yilma Abebe - JPMorgan.: Can you say as you started 2009 generally is the environment getting worse than kind of how 2008 ended or no material differences?
Mike Kneeland: I would say that the trend that we saw in, in the fourth quarter of 2008 is continuing in 2009.
Yilma Abebe - JPMorgan.: Thank you. That's it for me.
Mike Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Seth Weber from Bank of America.
Mike Kneeland: Hi Seth.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Hey, sorry just real quick question going back to interest expense. Was your response based on the $15 million number for the fourth quarter, or should we add back to 45 and use 60 and to get the year-over-year, when you're talking about '09 being up from '08 -- is that?
William Plummer: Seth, it's Bill, add back the gain that we flowed through interest expense. So I think when you added back, the interest expense in '08 was 228, after the add back, it will be a little higher than that in '09.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay. Perfect. Thanks very much.
William Plummer: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Hi, it is actually Elegy for Scott. You mentioned that you expect to occur loss in 1Q '09. I just wonder, at this point what do you anticipate for the season now to pick up as we move through 2009, just any colors on there?
William Plummer: I wouldn't want to offer a lot more. The seasonal connectors are certainly driving our comments about 1Q of '09, and the seasonal factors should help as we get later in the year, whether or not and adding any more specifics to what that looks like, I'd hold off. What we tried to do was to give you sitting here nearly two months into the year for '09 a sense of what we're seeing for the first quarter, but we still face the same challenge that we faced in thinking about an outlook for the full year, visibility is just very difficult for us to have right now. And so we're very reluctant to add much more texture to what we said.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you. And just another question now, you plan to use your free cash flow to pay down that debt, just how aggressive do you plan to work on that and do you plan to pay down like in terms of the absolutely amount would that be higher than 2008 or would that be at the same level of 2008? Thanks.
William Plummer: Again, we'll make that decision as we go through the year, but I think it's fair to say that managing our capital structure through this difficult period is a key objective, and that means making sure that we've got the debt balances commensurate with the amount of cash flow that we're able to generate. That also means position ourselves for the future. It means making sure that we've got facilities available to us when the turn comes that we could use to make more investments in the capital structure. So we'll make those decisions and balance them as we go through the year. I think its fair to say though that we're very focused on making sure that we manage the capital structure aggressively.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from James Ragan from Crowell.
James Ragan - Crowell, Weedon & Co: Yes good morning. Just a quick question regarding the, the debt coverage ratios, given the outlook for a loss in Q1, could you say what the range might be as of March 31st for your fixed charged and senior leverage ratios?
William Plummer: I'll hold off on adding any more detail. We can talk to you about it in April. How's that?
James Ragan - Crowell, Weedon & Co: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Okay. Operator, I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. I want to thank all of you for joining us today. Our goal has been to give you some meaningful insights into operation for 2009 as a way of combating the unprecedented lack of visibility in our marketplace. And as you heard here today our plan is our compass. No matter how murky things get, we have the ability to stay firmly on track as we move towards our strategic goals. We remain excited and energized, by the long-term prospects for our company, and for the equipment rental market in general. Our industry has a lot of growth ahead of it, and we want to be in the forefront of that opportunity and will be. This concludes our remarks for today, and operator you can now end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - CEO Marty Welch - CFO Chris Brown - Assistant Controller
Analysts: Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Henry Kirn - UBS Scott Schneeberge - Oppenheimer Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities Christina Woo - Soleil Securities Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone Cynthia Marinos - Lloyds TSB Bank Yvonne Varano - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the United Rentals third quarter 2008 investor conference call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded and is copyrighted by United Rentals Inc. Before we begin, the company has asked me to remind you that many of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses to your questions, will contain forward-looking statements. United Rentals' businesses and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statements. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's third quarter 2008 earnings release. For a fuller description of these and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, as well as to its subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access the company's press releases, as well as its SEC filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com using the link captioned, Access Investor Relations. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. During the conference call, references will be made to pro forma EPS, free cash flow, EBITDA, and pro forma EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer, and Marty Welch, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Marty Welch, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of our senior management team. In a minute, Marty will review our third quarter results. But first I think it's important to tell you what we're seeing out there in the marketplace and what we expect our operating environment to be as we move in through 2009. I also want to discuss some of the many operational and financial actions we are taking to navigate through these waters while positioning the company for continued growth in the future. I'm going to give you more detail than we typically provide on these calls, because we know the environment is of paramount concern, and we want to address it as directly as possible. I will also note that we want to provide as much visibility as we can today regarding our outlook for 2009. Further details and former guidance, we'll have to wait until we complete our planning process. As you all are aware, we are in the midst of an economy whose volatility has reached historic levels. Many of the contributing factors such as the credit crisis have a direct impact on our end markets. Unquestionably, as we expected at the start of the year, construction activity is slowing, but I wouldn't describe it as universal. Let me explain what we're seeing out there right now. Business clearly continues to clearly be challenging, particularly in Florida and California, where we have a big presence. These two states together account for more than 60% of the decline in our US. rental revenues for the quarter. By contrast, business remains steady in a number of markets, particularly the Rocky Mountains, Midwest and Texas, where we're supplying equipment to projects like to Dallas Cowboys Stadium in Texas and at Holcomb, Concrete Plant outside of St. Louis. And Canada continues to be strong. Looking at the landscape overall, we're most optimistic about the big projects, where funding is already in place and we have a presence onsite. In many cases, we've contracted for the lion's share of the rental needs on these job sites. The outlook for the smaller jobs is weaker, both residential and nonresidential. A number of these projects are subject to discretionary spending, and we're seeing some delays due to the economy. Some of you may be aware of the latest Architectural Billing Index that came out last week. It predicts the level of commercial building, 6 to 12 months into the future. The ABI was 47.6 for August, and is down sharply to 41.4 for September. Now, anything below 50 indicates a decrease in billing, so that the trend is down. Now, whether we see the same degree of weakness in our own markets remains to be seen, but we're well prepared for this, and I will discuss in detail. Specifically we are prepared for our primary end market, nonresidential construction spending to decline for the rest of 2008 and 2009. As we continue our budget process for 2009, we are planning on the basis of an overall GDP in construction environment that is substantially weaker than 2008. That's obviously not a great scenario, and I would prefer to have the events prove me wrong, but we have been and we are prepared for the challenge. United Rentals is a very strong company weathering a weak cycle, that requires difficult decisions, and we've repeatedly shown that we're willing to make those decisions and take decisive actions. It helps that we've been there before, and we know what to do. In fact, I personally steered rental companies through more of these cycles than I care to count. We expect to make steady progress each day, month and quarter until we lead the industry to a recovery. The many actions we've taken this year and continue to take are designed to position our company head the pack in recovery, both from a strategic and financial perspective. And by that, not just the up turn, but the long-term prospects for our industry, which are very good. Now I want to revisit the strategy that defines our business and where you can see the results of the actions we have taken at every front and while remaining optimistic for the future. I'll begin with our core operating strategy. First focusing on our core competency of equipment rental, second a greater control of our cost structure and third, a continuous improvement in fleet management. Then I will discuss the financial implications of these strategies and outlook. In particular, cash flow generation, EBITDA margin improvement. That's what we said we would do at the start of the year and we're doing it. First there is our focus on equipment rental. Our rental revenues are down year-to-date due to the cycle, but revenues are up due as a percent of total revenues, exactly as planned. In the third quarter, rental revenues were 78% of total revenues, up 5 percentage points from last year. Our core business, the focus of driving our EBITDA margin higher up 1.9 percentage points in the third quarter to 36.4%. We're also making excellent headway in our contractor supplies margin. In the third quarter, we grew our contractor supply gross margin by 5.3 percentage points, to more than 24%. By the end of the year, we will close all the two of our original nine distribution centers. As we execute our strategy, our customers will remain our top priority, as they have in good times and bad. We recently completed an intense program of customer research that will help guide our sales and service efforts in the coming year. In addition, over the next year, we expect to see an acceleration of the secular shift toward renting in a way from owning equipment, especially if credit continues to remain an issue. Our customers who were in the past purchased a piece of equipment may now be more likely to rent. This is particularly true in the current downturn, where customers are not only cash-strapped, but also find it difficult to finance capital purchases. Next is cost control. As I mentioned in January, we entered 2008 having made a number of moves in anticipation of the downturn. We made significant headcount reductions, renegotiated our sourcing agreements and conducted a head-to-toe evaluation of our branch network. I want to emphasize that we're every bit as stringent now as we were at the start of the year. In the first nine months of the year, we closed 31 branches. In the fourth quarter, we will close or consolidate at least 30 more branches and absorb both the cost savings and the impact on revenue. The cost of these closings is reflected in our revised 2008 guidance. 61 branches is a significant reduction. It represents nearly 10% of our entire network. Of our 20% branches that we're closing, will be sold off and about 80% will be repurposed, which will help keep our CapEx down in 2009. I want to emphasize that even with these branch closings, our footprint is still significantly larger than any of our competitors. We are continuing to address SG&A costs. SG&A expense decreased $17 million in the third quarter. We're also running the business more efficiently overall, with more success of leveraging our size. For example, we'll be able to cut administrative costs in many markets where branch density supports a more centralized support. And the actions that we have taken so far this year, translate into a headcount reduction of approximately 12% through the third quarter. Our entire organization is focused on proactively taking costs out of the business to align our expenses with revenue. We will continue to cut operating costs in ways to protect our customer service standards and without putting any of our long-term growth initiatives at risk. Fleet management is the third arm of our strategy. We get high marks on this one. In the third quarter, we moved a record amount of equipment among branches where we can expect to get higher returns. $1.5 billion of our fleet, based on OEC was physically transferred from weaker locations to those where we see demand, most typically within the same district. It's a very effective device that no other [equivalent] company can employ on the same scale. Fleet transfers are one of the key reasons where our condolization stayed constant at 68% in the third quarter. Rental rates is a more complex issue, and I want to keep the rates in perspective. On our last call, we told you that we expected to see rate decline of 1.5 percentage points for the full year. In the third quarter, our rates slipped 3.4%, but sequentially were down less than 1%. The current environmental points to our rates being down about 2.5% for the year overall. Our rate change isn't happening in a vacuum. Rates are one of the means we use to balance utilization, profitability and market share. Given the current environment, we will do our best to manage rates in a way that is consistent with our goals for long-term EBITDA growth and shareholders value. Given a chance to sustain utilization and track new business, we made a decision to delay some of our used equipment sales until latter in the year. We expect to see our year-end OEC at about $4 billion with an average age of 39 months to 40 months. Right now, we're down about 6% of our fleet on a unit basis count and more to come. In 2009, we'll significantly reduce our rental capital spending and continue to defleet. I can tell you that we expect our net rental CapEx, which we defined as purchases of rental equipment, less the proceeds of the sale of rental equipment to be about $100 million dollars in 2009. That's a dramatic drop from this year, when net rental CapEx will come in at about $350 million, and even more of a drop in 2007 when net rental CapEx was $551 million. Our 2009 plan will have an effect of aging our fleet while still cooping within our targeted range. From our customers' perspective, United Rentals will continue to address the number one need. We offer the best availability on the largest rental fleet in North America, and that won't change in 2009. When we talk about the fleet size and branch footprint and flexibility, we're talking about tangible, competitive advantages derived from size. These competitive strengths of size and scale are meaningful components of long-term value creation. For example, we're in a strong position to gain industrial market share because of our footprint. Industrial rentals are a multi-billion dollar market that is less cyclical than construction with far less rental penetration. Year-to-date through September, our industrial customers have accounted for 16.2% of our rental revenues this year, up from 14.3% last year. And this market continues to be a strategic focus for us. As one example, we recently acquired an industrial rental company in Corpus Christi to expand our presence in the sector. We also use our size to expand our national counts in government sales businesses. Our company's ability to serve large accounts is a major competitive advantage, and we haven't taken full advantage of that yet, but that's on the front burner now. In this context, we expect to continue to deliver strong cash flow to provide ample financial flexibility. Our experience in 2008, clearly demonstrates the cash flow generation potential of this business and the flexibility we have. Finally, we expect to pursue EBITDA in 2009 with the same single-minded focus that we're showing in 2008. Our branch compensation plans now use EBITDA as a target metric with a focus on profitable growth, and we will continue to do so. As I mentioned earlier, further details of our coming year will have to wait until we complete our planning and give you our 2009 guidance. That's a quick look under the hood of our strategy that's being applied at every level of our organization. We're making all the right moves, not only for the near term, but for the ongoing financial performance. We have stress-tested our financial model well beyond the expectations of this cycle, and we feel very confident with the results. The key point I want you to leave with is this, we are in choppy waters, but we are navigating the waters with a powerful strategy for profitable growth and rock solid liquidity. These strengths are serving us well in 2008, just as they will in 2009 and for the foreseeable future. With that, I'll ask Marty to go into more detail on our balance sheet and third quarter numbers, and then we'll go into Q&A, and we'll take your questions. Marty?
Marty Welch: Thank you, Michael. And let me add my welcome to everyone joining us on the call this morning. Michael has discussed some of our highlights for the quarter, and the actions we're taking to execute our strategy. I plan on reviewing our third quarter performance in greater detail, including the progress we're making on cost-saving initiatives, as well as our outlook for the year. Before I review the quarter, though, I'd like to spend a few minutes on our capital structure and liquidity position. We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. This means that in a softer market, we will focused not only on the cost cutting and fleet management initiatives that Michael discussed, but also on generating significant free cash flow, which will allow us to delever when appropriate. Turning to our capital structure, as many of you are aware in the second and third quarters of this year, we repurchased all of our outstanding series C and D preferred stock, as well as 27.2 million shares of common stock, in a series of transactions that were accretive for the quarter, and will continue to be accretive next year. These stock repurchases, which will reduce our 2009 share count by about 39%, were funded with existing cash balances, borrowings under our accounts receivable facility, the issuance of HoldCo notes, and borrowings under our new and recently up sized 1.285 billion ABL facility. At September 30th, following the completion of the share repurchases, our debt to EBITDA ratio was 3.2 times, an amount that is well within our comfort zone. Further we expect this amount, which is both below our historic average of 3.4 times, and significantly below our historic high of five times to be about 3.0 times by year end. The overall economic environment also provides important context for these actions. As we have discussed in the past, and as our results reflect, our business is counter cyclical from a cash perspective. Therefore, in a softer environment, the one we're experiencing now, we have the ability to generate even more free cash flow. Last year, we generated over $150 million of free cash flow, and this year we expect to generate about $375 million, including $240 million in the fourth quarter. And you can expect more free cash flow next year as we further reduce our CapEx, and defleet. In terms of liquidity, at the end of the third quarter, which marks the seasonally high point of our working capital usage, we had over $450 million of liquidity based on availability under our ABL and accounts receivable facilities, as well as cash on hand. Another measure of our financial health is our DSO. Our day sales outstanding, which improved from 53.6 days in the prior period to 52.9 days currently. Looking forward, if the market continues to remain soft, which we expect that it will, we will use this free cash flow to further delever. And when the cycle turns up, which it will do, we will redirect this cash to growing our fleet and further increasing share. Now normally I wouldn't do this, but given the current economic environment, I think it would be useful if we review the covenants underlying our new ABL facility. I'll focus on the ABL, because the covenants underlying our existing high yield indentures are in current space. There are two financial covenants associated with the ABL, a fixed charge coverage ratio and a senior secured leverage ratio. At the end of the third quarter, our fixed charge ratio was about 3.1 times, which is significantly more than the minimum threshold of 1.1 times. In terms of the senior debt ratio, it was about 0.9 times at the end of the quarter, which is significantly less than the maximum threshold of 1.75 times. So as you can see we had significant cushion in both of these covenants and looking ahead we're very comfortable, even under increasingly challenging economic conditions that we will be in compliance. In other words, we've stressed our models, and we were comfortable and confident that we have the flexibility and liquidity to manage through the downturn. It's also important to point out that these covenants will spring off next June on the one year anniversary of the ABL, provided our availability exceeds $257 million, or 20% of the facility, which is fully our expectation. That gives you an overview of our capital structure and liquidity and now let's turn to the third quarter performance. First our revenues. Our rental revenue decreased 6%, reflecting a 3.4% decline in rental rates, as well as particular softness as Michael mentioned in California and Florida. Although rates were down slightly more than we liked, our time utilization of 68% was flat year-over-year, driven by fleet transfers and a greater proportion of monthly rentals. In terms of contractor supplies, our revenues were down about 44%, but our gross margin improved 530 basis points versus the prior year. In line with our strategy of repositioning this business. Second, our SG&A of $133 million decreased $17 million dollars, reflecting our continued focus and disciplined approach to right sizing our cost structure. Third, our EPS for the quarter was $0.98 cents on a share count of 77 million shares, compared with $0.97 cents on a share count of 115 million shares in 2007. As I mentioned earlier, the share repurchases will reduce our 2009 share count by about 39%, so we expect continued accretion from the transactions next year. And finally EBITDA. Our EBITDA margin increased 190 basis points to 36.4%, also reflecting the success of our cost initiatives. While we were especially pleased that we generated this margin expansion when total revenue was down 12%, we are not complacent. There is much more work to be done, and savings to be realized. In terms of our cost saving initiatives, we believe we can generate about $200 million of savings over the next five years from the execution of these plans. During the quarter, where we saw our EBITDA margin improve 190 basis points, we realizes $39 million in cost savings. These savings come from a number of initiatives including our strategic sourcing initiative and headcount reductions. To put it in perspective, our workforce, at September 30, 2008 is lower by about 1,400 FTEs year-over-year. This is the equivalent of about 12% of our workforce. While we're pleased with our progress on these initiatives, we realize there is more opportunity. That's why we have taken action to close an additional 30 branches in the fourth quarter, bringing our full-year count to about 60 branches or around 10% of our total. Besides these anticipated closures, we've also recently completed the outsourcing of our accounts payable function, which will not only improve cost, but also controls. Now, let's take a moment to review our revised expectations for full year 2008. Our pro forma EPS guidance has been revised to a range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share from a previous range of $3.15 to 3.25 per share. This outlook, which reflects the acceleration of softness in our end markets includes an estimated fourth quarter charge of about $0.13 per share, principally related to the closing of approximately 30 branches. Our revenue, EBITDA and free cash-flow guidance is as follows: We expect total revenue of between $3.3 billion and $3.4 billion including rental revenue of about $2.5 billion. Our pro forma EBITDA guidance, which excludes the impact of the SEC settlement is $1.07 billion to $1.1 billion and represents a pro forma EBITDA margin of 32.6 %, which is up 110 basis points year-over-year. We're forecasting a full-year tax rate of about 37.7% before discrete items, and approximately $350 million to 400 million of free cash flow after total CapEx of about $715 million. That summarizes our outlook, and now I think we'll turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Chris, if you can start the Q&A session?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question or comment is from the line of Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder. Your line is open.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Just a question on your rental CapEx for this year and next year, which is down 33%, by the way, for the nine months, according to the cash flow statement. This is the gross, not the net. You gave the net figures earlier, but we haven't talked, and I don't think about the gross rental CapEx for this year or next year. What's forecast?
Michael Kneeland: I'm going to ask [Chris Brown] to answer that question. He's our Assistant Controller.
Chris Brown: Hi. How are you? In terms of 2009, I think Michael mentioned directionally it would be down, but we wait until the first quarter to give additional guidance. In terms of 2008, our full-year outlook for rental CapEx is $630 million, which contemplates no growth capital, and that will be down from the $770 million of gross rental CapEx last year.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So that's only $40 million then in the quarter because you did 590 through the nine months?
Chris Brown: That's correct. We do substantially all of our CapEx purchases by the second quarter to get them ready for the traditionally busy third quarter.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Well, now you forecast a decline in the net for next year, so you must have a forecast of the gross rental CapEx. You're just not sharing them with us? I mean, you said $100 million would be the net figure for 2009. So you don't want to share the gross figure with us?
Chris Brown: I think as Michael mentioned right now we're going through the planning process. I think the message we were trying to deliver is that from a net perspective, our net rental CapEx will be down significantly from a level in 2007 of $550 million to an '08 level of about $350 million.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: For next year, you said $100 million.
Chris Brown: The net figure, that's correct.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: So that's a decline of 250. Can we look for a similar 250 decline in the gross, or are the sales of rental equipment going to change?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike, Alex. Basically the message is we're going be defleeting next year, and we're going to be taking, one of the levers that we've always talked about is our capital spending, and we will be aging our fleet out, as we go into what we believe. And all industry resources are telling us that next year will be a much softer year. So are going to be defleeting. It's too early to tell. We do plan to give guidance in early 2009.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Any idea how much you're going to age the fleet?
Michael Kneeland: It's too early until we go through. Our range has always been 35and 45 months, and we'll still been within that range.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. In that range and then finally AWPs, versus in the dirt equipment, would you comment on that for '09, both going down the same amount, or one less than the other?
Michael Kneeland: I think that one is market-driven. Our plan process is very much all the way down to the branch level. They build it up. It's too early to tell if you're asking for my professional opinion, we will probably continue to hold some of our dirt. We've defleeted a lot of dirt this year, and we'll probably defleet some of our aerial business as we go through '09.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue is from the line of [Henry Kirn] with UBS. Your line is open.
Henry Kirn - UBS: If you look at prices in the used equipment today, you held off on some of the sales in the quarter. Looking at the fleet, what are you seeing in the market today? How are used equipment prices trend?
Michael Kneeland: Let me break that down into several buckets. First and foremost, our utilization was high. It was 68%. That's one of the reasons why we kept it. On the top of that, the used prices specifically, we reported 32% margins. The vast majority of our sales are retail, but if you're talking specifically about the auction, some of the auction prices, we have seen some softness, particularly in the area of the dirt equipment.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. And as you look at the runway on SG&A going forward, how much more do you think you can take that down overtime to offset some of the negative cyclicality right now?
Michael Kneeland: Again, we're going through our planned process. We made a commitment to reduce our SG&A and our cost overall. That's something that we started out in 2008. Very happy to report that we continue the focus on that $17 million, as we still want to knock our range down, and we have a lot more to go.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. One last one. Have you seen any changes in the pricing of new equipment from OEMs to you to get you to buy a little more than you otherwise would?
Michael Kneeland: No. We don't buy based on the pricing they give us. We have a history of being very aggressive of negotiating, partnering up with our vendors. We are going through that process. It's too early to tell. We do work with them over the course of the year to find ways in which we can both take cost out of the business.
Henry Kirn - UBS: That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Scott Schneeberge with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Scott.
Scott Schneeberge - Oppenheimer: Could we focus a little bit on the pricing? Was it just a matter of the high exposure to California and Florida? Obviously you had a great quarter of moving fleet around, but could you just delve in a little bit deeper on what you think impacted you versus your expectation there?
Marty Welch: That's a great analogy. When you take away California and California, they are depressed. As I mentioned 60% of our revenue in the third quarter, the decline we saw in rental revenue was attributable to those two states. When you look at the rental revenue, the rental rates specifically, they accounted for about 25% of the decline, as we went through. We are defleeting in both of those areas. As a matter of fact, we have done a very good job. We're down almost $80 million on a year-over-year basis of defleeting and repurposing that capital, but there is still good customers there that we need to wrap our arms around and focus.
Scott Schneeberge - Oppenheimer: Great, thanks. Shifting gears a little bit, contract supply sales, a nice year-over-year margin move there. You mentioned on the call, you're down to two distribution centers left. Are you going to go to a pure outsourcing model? Are you going keep the two DC's into '09, just strategic thoughts there.
Michael Kneeland: I would say right now we are very comfortable where they stand today. We reserve the right to always focus on them and to the extent that they're not performing or we can find an alternative. We will look at that, but we will continue to focus on improving our margins. We've made progress, we're not done yet.
Marty Welch: Scott this is Marty. The two DCs that we have are outsourced. So we can change our mind on those on very short notice.
Scott Schneeberge - Oppenheimer: Okay. Great thanks for the (inaudible). Marty, just real quick. The leverage at the end of the year, I believe you said on this call 3.0. I realize I'm being nit-picky; because it's a good level, but I think the company line before was 2.9. Is there anything that we should read into that? Just a little bit of less that reduction. Just if you could elaborate there, even if that is if I am even accurate on that?
Marty Welch: You are accurate. It's just really rounding the EBITDAs down a little bit. And I don't think we've changed our mind at all about the cash generation that the company is going to have.
Scott Schneeberge - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks so much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Seth Weber from Banc Of America Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Just going back to the rental pricing discussion for a minute. One of your competitors, I think, this week announced a pretty robust increase in floor pricing, which contradicts the number you have put up. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the marketplace? Is it rational out there? Are you seeing anybody, off the reservation at this point?
Michael Kneeland: That's a great question; I am going to address it this way. One of which is, we proactively manage our rates and we will continue to do so. 25% of our rate decline occurred in two areas of the country we were having a strong presence are down significantly. With regards to our competitor's one, I don't know how they calculate rates. We're seeing good discipline out there, obviously there are regional areas where we do bump into things, but if you want to quantify it for national level, we're not seeing anything that is dramatic, and I think that the industry overall is being very responsive.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Okay, thank you. A separate question . On just the math here, you kept your revenue guidance I think intact, and lowered your EBITDA forecast a little bit, which implicitly brings your EBITDA margin forecast down. Is there something we should be thinking about that's kind of just a temporary pressure on the EBITDA margin, or is there something that I'm missing here?
Michael Kneeland:  I'll try to answer it, and if I don't answer it we can probably take it offline. But our focus has been on improving our EBITDA margins. Our EBITDA margin is actually up, but one of the biggest impacts that we're having currently going into the fourth quarter is obviously closing our locations. But we think that is the prudent thing to do for the long-term value of our shareholders. We will continue to focus on EBITDA and even to our improvement.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Maybe we can take it offline. And just like last clarification, was the $0.03 charge in the quarter, was that in your previous guidance for the, I think it was what 3.25.
Michael Kneeland: Chris is going to answer that question.
Chris Brown: Yes. I think what you're referring to is the charge. It was a non-cash charge that we took at the end of September.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Right.
Chris Brown: In anticipation of paying down an additional $125 million of the HoldCo. So when we gave our guidance at the end of the second quarter, the 3.15 to the 3.25, it did contemplate that charge.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: It did, okay.
Chris Brown: Yes.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Actually just lastly, is there a dollar utilization for the quarter?
Michael Kneeland: It was 60%.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Sixty?
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Christina Woo with Soleil Securities. Ms. Woo your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Christina.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: I was hoping that you could provide some color on your acquisition during the quarter, the Corpus Christi industrials acquisition, may be providing us with some information on the number of locations you acquired. The age of the equipment, value of the equipment, [multiple] paid?
Michael Kneeland: Well, we don't give that level of detail other than the fact it was a small acquisition of $11 million. Had three branch locations, located in Corpus Christi. One of the advantages that we have is being able to bring that into our organization. These are independents that have a good line of business in the industrial. 60% of their business was industrial related, and we wanted to leverage our size with our fleet to grow that business. So we think it was a smart move, and gets us in the door towards the industrial side of the business.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: That's great. I also noticed, in the quarter, that your new equipment sales continue to be quite robust, particularly in light of the weakening macro environment. Can you give us some information on what type of equipment you're selling, if it's more aerial or dirt and who is buying this equipment?
Michael Kneeland: Well, it's a De minimis portion of our business, as far as the way we track it. But what I will tell you is that there is still a market out there where people want to own equipment. There is a market, and some of our customers, some of our largest rental customers will also buy equipment. But it's a little bit of everything, from aerial equipment to material handling devices, to some small dirt equipment. There is no one area that sticks out.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Okay, last question. I was hoping you could give us some rule of thumb that maybe you use with regard to pricing. We have talked about pricing quite a bit, but an increase in pricing by 1% would lead to what sort of EBITDA impact?
Michael Kneeland: It's $23 million, EBITDA impact.
Christina Woo - Soleil Securities: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of [Phillip Paselli] with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to get some more clarification on the OEC. Can you give us some more decimal points than 4.3 billion.
Chris Brown: Phil this is Chris. At the end of the second quarter it was 4340, at the end of the third quarter it was 4348.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And do you expect that to come down?. Obviously as you guys defleet do you have a target for the end of the year?
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. I mentioned we're going to come back down about 4.1 billion.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay, flat 4.100.
Michael Kneeland: Yeah. Somewhere in that range. We have to go to the back half of the fourth quarter, and we'll give that number out. But that's our target.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Great. And when I look at the cost savings, I think Marty you mentioned $39 million in the quarter. If I look back at my notes, about $23 million was supposed to be strategic sourcing initiative. So the rest is headcount, but it sounds like you have cut more heads than originally thought. So can you give us the 200 million number, sounds like it might be a little low, considering you've done more action. Are we going to come above that. Is that something you're holding back for 2009 to give us some more guidance on how much cost savings you can come out?
Marty Welch: Right. One of the things that happens with strategic sourcing obviously is if the business is a little smaller, than we buy less things, and so we have less savings from SSI. The headcount is a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be as well. So it's a mix. We said before, we have a five-year goal of $500 million of incremental annual EBITDA. I still think that's a good goal. We said $200 million of that comes out of the cost cutting. We're sticking with that. And then the rest of it will come as we grow top-line and hold our cost in [bailout]. So, all of that is still part of our master plan. The individual mix of items does move around a little bit, but all of these initiatives are moving forward.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's great. Then you repurchased 125 million of the 14% notes in the third quarter. You're going to generate $240 million of cash in the fourth quarter. Will you give us any guidance as to how much of the 14% notes you plan the buyback in the fourth quarter? What the restricted payments basket is before and after any such transaction.
Marty Welch:  Sure. We look at all of the options for the use of our cash opportunistically. In the last year, we bought back HoldCo notes, we bought back stock, we bought in the preferred, we've done an acquisition. So as we look at all of our alternatives and consult with our board, we'll continue to hopefully make smart choices. We've set a goal that will never let the restricted payments basket go much below $100 million dollars. And I think that's a good goal. So, whatever actions we take that impact the basket, we would try the keep it in. I think to bailout in restricted payments basket right now is around 200.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So you are not willing yet to tell us if you're going to or not going to buyback 14% in the fourth quarter.
Marty Welch:  Most people talk about that after they do the actions, so I think we'll leave it at that.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. In terms of the acquisition outlook, clearly this was a nice acquisition for you. Are there many more in the [hopper] or was this a kind of one-off for you?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. We're going to be opportunistic; we are going to take a look at what's out there. I think that given the current business environment may provide us some opportunities, and we want to make sure that we review those and analyze them and see how they would fit in. This one we did in Corpus Christi fit everything that we were looking for and directionally goes after the business that we want to focus on. So, we will continue to look at the horizon with our eyes wide open. We don't have anything we're going to announce.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just last question. In the past you've given us your 2008 outlook for time utilization and rates. I believe you mentioned that rates are going to be down; I think it's 1.2% if I'm not mistaken. And then what's your estimate for time utilization for the 2008?
Michael Kneeland: Go ahead, Chris. You want to answer that?
Chris Brown: Just to confirm in terms of the rate, I think what Michael had mentioned, we forecasted to be down about 4% in the fourth quarter, which will be 2.5% for the full year. I think in terms of time utilization, full year they will be down slightly year-over-year.
Phillip Paselli - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks guys. Good luck.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of [Emily Shanks] with Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital: Hi good morning. This is actually [Jason Tuhio] in for Emily.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Jason
Marty Welch:  Hey. You don't sound much like Emily.
Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital (representing Emily): My first question relates to your revised full-year guidance. Specifically which end markets are the biggest drivers for the guidance cut? Was it Florida and California?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. That's part of it. There was also a delay. We are seeing some delays in some of our smaller-end projects that we're looking at, but we go through a process of looking at all of our branches and our districts to put forward a quarterly review that we go through. It was a collection of things. It was also looking at the branch reductions and taking down our fleet. Although our fleet is relatively flat. It's important to note that our unit count is down by 6%. So, all those things go into our numbers, our calculation.
Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital: All right, great. That's very helpful. And then secondly, what percent of the fleet at quarter end was earthmoving, and what percent was aerial, if you can provide that?
Marty Welch:  Just aerial specifically is about 51%, and dirt is about 13, and then forklifts is 18%. Those are the big buckets.
Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital: All right, Great. And then, just lastly, is the plan around the 14% Hold Co notes, still to pay those down within four years?
Marty Welch:  Yes. We will work those off as we think it's economic to do that.
Jason Tuhio - Barclays Capital: All right. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Chris Daugherty with on Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer:   Just talking about the rates a little bit and your dollar utilization, I mean it looks like your dollar utilization was down roughly over 4%, but your time utilization was flat and your build rate was down only 3.4%. Can you just describe the way you calculate the change in rental rates? Is that a mix-adjusted number? Is it a build number? Is it just a new contract rate? How is that calculated?
Marty Welch:  It's a weighted average between day, week and month, and everything is calculated accordingly, and that's how we put it forward.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And then can you just talk about your philosophy on time utilization versus rental rates? I mean, is your priority to hold a target utilization rate, and then sort of how the rental rates move around or is it to hold rates.
Marty Welch: It's a combination of things depending upon the market that you're serving and the type of equipment. We try to maximize and get the highest rate we possibly can in any given market, and we have a robust system that we put in place and to go after that. The biggest areas that we saw weakness and that was challenging was in Florida and California. And then we have some other markets that were also like that, but then we had some offsetting. It's market-by-market and it's product-by-product. And we go through an evaluation. We look at the returns that we're getting collectively across the company; and to the extent you can get something at a higher rate or higher return in one market and they have demand for it, and we've got another market that may have high demand, but not getting the return. Then we're more prone to move that asset over to where we can get a better return. And now that we've changed our compensation system to more of an EBITDA driven, our branches are the result of our fleet movement is moving in that direction.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Michael, I know you said that there are differences in rates geographically. Can you tell us what the rates were down in Florida and California, or just relatively how much more they were done?
Michael Kneeland: We don't have that, but we can do that offline and give you that data.
Marty Welch: Let me just add that, when rates are down severely, then we respond by significant defleeting. So, I mean, one of the real advantage of a national network is the ability to move fleet around.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: All right. Thank you, gentlemen.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of [Joseph Baumeister with Blackstone]. Your line is open.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: Hi, guys.
Michael Kneeland: Hi, Joseph.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: The game plan for next year, is being driven by an outlook for the operating environment. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing and what you're most worried about?
Michael Kneeland: At the beginning of the year, I stated that we were anticipating a downturn in the back half. I don't think anyone could have forecast, the current course of events that's happened over the last 90 days and also the credit crisis. Having said that, the industry resources that are put out there kind of give you two goal posts. They go from 4% down to all the way down to 9% down. Global insight, which works closely with ARA, is projecting roughly around 5.5%-5.6% down on a year-over-year. So we look at that level, that's at a macro level, and then we go through our planning process and we build everything up from the branches. As Marty mentioned, there are different markets. There are markets where we have, even in California, that are very strong. But, you know, we have a strong presence there. So everything's from a grassroots. We build it up, and that's how we'll analyze the market going into next year. What worries me the most is, the question on everyone's mind is what happens to the credit. The credit crisis, how long and how deep will it be?
Marty Welch: I think we definitely have a bias to our conservatism when it comes to the fleet for '09.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: What cost reductions are currently in place, and what do you expect to accomplish for the rest of this year and next year?
Marty Welch: I think the branch closing program is one of our bigger cost initiatives, because it takes overhead out, allows us the ability to move fleet around more aggressively. We've talked about headcount. We've talked about strategic sourcing. We really are looking there as we talked about on previous calls literally over a hundred line items that we track. We have a meeting every couple of weeks. There's a name next to every initiative, and we're trying to execute on all of them as we go forward.
Michael Kneeland: To expand on that a little bit, there is a laundry list that we go through. We started out with a 122 items. Some fall off as we successfully complete those and some we add back on. The list is still in a 100 range, and we still focus on that. And the point is that there's nothing that we're not looking at. We're looking at everything inside the organization from the executives all the way down to the field.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: But SG&A is still high as a percentage of sales relative to some industry benchmarks?
Michael Kneeland: That's correct. And we are focused on that. We are continuing to take costs out of the business and as I stated we're not done yet. We're going to continue to focus on that as we go forward.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: Do you have a goal?
Marty Welch: Joe on previous calls, I've said that I think something in the 13 range, SG&A as percent of revenue is achievable here. I think that's going to require some recovery on the top line, but certainly I think we can look to that over a multi-year period.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: RSC is currently below 10. Is there a reason why you don't think you can't get there?
Marty Welch: I think we're they're moving in our direction. As they experience being a public company and what that means and other costs, I think we're both working hard on our costs and they are certainly a well run company.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: Do you expect to be able to offset the impact of the economic decline on your business with cost cuts more or less?
Michael Kneeland: Not entirely. I think it's unrealistic to think that you can take cuts in the top line that are severe, particularly on rates. The flow through on rates to the bottom line is virtually 100%. The only thing we don't pay on a rate decline is the commission. I think we're going continue to work hard on this; but it's not entirely within our control to offset big declines.
Michael Kneeland: I also want to point out that we don't have a high concentration of our business in industrial and we do know that's profitable. So we will focus on that, until we go through the planning process, it's too early to determine what '09 will actually look like.
Joseph Baumeister - Blackstone: Thank you.
Michael Kneeland:
Operator: We have a follow-up question or comment from the line of [Cynthia Marinos] with Lloyds TSB Bank. Your line is open
Cynthia Marinos - Lloyds TSB Bank: Hi, good morning.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Cynthia Marinos - Lloyds TSB Bank: I actually have two questions. My first question is, can we expect liquidity to tighten in the form of increased utilization under the revolver given this softness?
Marty Welch: No. It's actually the opposite. As long as we're continuing to be in a defleeting mode, liquidity will continue to increase significantly. The stress point in this industry comes at the point in time when the economy turns, and we want to [pour] back a lot of the fleet into the field.
Cynthia Marinos - Lloyds TSB Bank: I see. Okay. My second question is, the 60 branches that you're going to look to have closed by the end of the year, what will be the impact on EBITDA?
Marty Welch: 30 branches were closed in the first quarter, Cynthia, and the other 30 we plan to close in the fourth quarter here. We've said it's a charge of about 0.13 per share. A lot of that is reserved for future rent payments. Chris, do you have anything to add to that?
Chris Brown: That's correct. As Marty mentioned, 30 branch closers hit in the first half of the year. So that's already been absorbed into the first half EBITDA. The additional charge associated with the fourth quarter closings is about $0.13 on a pro forma share count.
Cynthia Marinos - Lloyds TSB Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Yvonne Varano with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: Thanks. I just want to clarify what you said earlier in regard to the gross capital spending. The 630 that you gave for '08, is that purely rental, or does that include other property equipment as well?
Marty Welch: If you'll recall it is total rental. Our CapEx guidance that we reaffirmed was $715 million that includes $630 million of rental CapEx, all of which is maintenance, and then $85 million of non-rental CapEx.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: Okay. And then, when you gave the net, that includes the other outside of rental as well.
Marty Welch: No. That was a pure net rental CapEx.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: That's net rental CapEx because if you do the math, then you're implying a pretty significant jump in sales of used equipment in 4Q?
Marty Welch: That's correct. I mean, we'll have to see what the pricing we actually realize in the fourth quarter, but that does imply $280 million used equipment sales for the full year?
Michael Kneeland: This is, Mike. It's important to note that it's not unlike any other year; it's typically in the fourth quarter when we have most of our used sales. With 68% time utilization, which is all-time high for us in comparison to last year, the best use of our fleet is on rent. That's where we get the highest profitability and typically as we go through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter is when we do most of our sales.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: Okay. It's just $90 million 4Q number, and it just sounded a bit high. I see that includes some of the sales of the equipment out at the branches as well?
Michael Kneeland: As I said, we're closing locations, and a portion of those assets will be sold off.
Yvonne Varano - Jefferies: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Operator, I think this is a good time to wrap up the Q&A. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We've covered a lot of important ground. I'm glad we had the opportunity to see while our confidence in United Rentals is [rooted] in a company that is rock solid, both financially and operationally. I can point to a lot of reasons for that. The determination of our people, particularly in the field, our proven ability to generate free cash flow, the groundwork that we've laid in advance of the cycle, willingness to pull all of the levers at our disposal, and the all important loyalty of our customers. When our end markets recover, we expect that more equipment will be rented more than ever before, and United Rentals will continue to be on the leading edge of that opportunity. This concludes our remarks for today, and operator you can now end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, again this does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Kneeland - CEO Marty Welch - CFO Chris Brown -VP Assistant Controller
Analysts: Manish Somaiya - Citigroup Matt Vittorioso - Barclays Henry Turn - UBS Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Joel Tiss - Buckingham Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs Yvonne Varano - Jefferies & Co Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the United Rentals Second Quarter 2008 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded and is copyrighted by United Rentals Inc. Before we begin, the company has asked me to remind you that many of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses to your questions, will contain forward-looking statements. United Rentals' businesses and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control, and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statements.   A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's second quarter 2008 earnings release. For a fuller description of these and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, as well as to its subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access the company's press releases, as well as its SEC filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com using the link captioned, Access Investor Relations.   Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances or changes in expectations. During the conference call, references will be made to pro forma EPS, free cash flow, EBITDA, and pro forma EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer, and Marty Welch, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael Kneeland: Thanks, Operator. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Marty Welch, our Chief Financial Officer, and other members of our senior management team.   I want to open todays call by saying how pleased we were to announce the election of Jenne Britell as Chairman of our Board of Directors earlier this month. Jenne has been an invaluable member of our Board since 2006. I can say with certainty, that she shares our excitement about the future of United Rentals, and I look forward to working closely with her as we move forward. We would like to discuss with you this morning, starting with our recent share repurchases and our second quarter results. Marty will cover both of these topics in detail with you in the call. I also want to address our strategy in operating environment, specifically what the second quarter told us about our end markets and how they may perform in the balance of 2008. But first, lets start with the repurchases. As you know, in June we repurchased all of our outstanding C and D preferred stock in preparation for launching a tender offer. We have now completed the tender and brought back 27 million shares of common stock at a price of $22 per share. These repurchases give us greater flexibility in many respects earning the best interest of our company and shareholders. The net result is, that with the share repurchases complete, we expect the companys fully diluted share count to decrease by approximately 39% to 70 million shares in 2009. Now lets turn to our operating results for the second quarter. And we continue to focus on driving profitable growth in our core rental business, managing our fleet and controlling our costs. The construction [stocks] environment which was robust at the start of the year began to falter in the second quarter, impacting our topline numbers. Rental revenue was $620 million, down about 6% year-over-year, due primarily to a 1.4% decline in rental rates and a 0.8 percentage point decline in time utilization. Total revenue was $831 million, down 13.6% year-over-year. Our decision to de-emphasize our contractor supplies business in favor of more profitable revenue [for] our top line down by about $52 million in the quarter as we expected. Our pro forma EBITDA of $266 million for the quarter tracked about 10% less than last year. However, our pro forma EBITDA margin grew 1.3 percentage points to 32%. So even though our revenues were down, we operated our business more profitably. Our stronger EBITDA margin is a sign that our strategy is working and that right dynamics are in place. Let me give you a few examples: On the sourcing side alone, we saved incremental $8 million in non-rental purchases through the first six months. We've targeted about $20 million incremental savings this year, which will give us about $40 million in savings towards our goal of $70 million by the end of 2009. Were operating at the business more efficiently, with a workforce that is down by 1787 FTEs at the end of June 30. Thats 15% lower than last year, and we managed the adjustment without impacting our customer service. Our contractor supply business has been retooled to be a support function for our rental operations and is on track to become more profitable. Contractor supplies generated 24% gross margin in the second quarter. Our fleet management initiatives are hitting their stride. Fleet transfers are mechanisms we use to enhance customer service, and we purpose our capital. In the second quarter, transfers were four times higher than 2007 on OEC basis. While our OEC was up slightly, our fleet was basically flat on a unit basis as of June 30, and we expect to sell off more of our older assets between now and year end.  Weve already adjusted our fleet plan to slow down our spending rental CapEx by $167 million versus last year, leading to a $269 million improvement in free cash year-to date. We've a lot of additional flexibility to CapEx and we wont hesitate to exercise it if we need to. Now our decision to slow CapEx spending was triggered in part by our operating environment. We believe that the back-end of 2008 will be weaker than the first six months, particularly for non-residential construction. This is supported by several key industry forecasts, as well as our own market intelligence. Now Id like to share some of that information with you. We had some disappointments in the second quarter. A large number of our large projects were delayed in our Aerial East region in our Canadian markets. Our performance in Aerial East in particular fell short of its plan, based on its timing. And were seeing some large parts come back on stream there. In addition, a few regional economies have been affected by the housing slump, particularly in the northwest, southwest and Florida. And we had some weather delays in the Gulf which impacted our quarter. By contrast, Aerial East and Midwest were bright spots for us, with the infrastructure projects; and our Rocky Mountain region which stretches from Arizona to Alberta is continuing to turn in some strong numbers. We continue to deliver on our promise to weed out underperforming branches, closing another six locations in the second quarter, which makes 29 so far this year. Now in terms of our customer base, our national class programs on the front burner, including the industrial accounts factor. Our size and scope gives us a competitive advantage with large accounts and we know from experience that these customers are capable of delivering long-term profitability. And that gives you a view of the inside in United Rentals. Now I want to share what were seeing on a macro level. While non-residential construction spending year-over-year was up in the quarter overall, indications are that the construction starts have declined. The Dodge forecast estimates non-residential starts at $57.1 billion in the second quarter, a decrease of nearly 14% from last year. Our own customers are telling us that while they currently have work on the books; the landscape is becoming more competitive as fewer projects are being put out to bid. We watch these leading indicators very closely and very carefully, and the second quarter was a definite cautious sign for our industry. As I mentioned earlier, we believe that we are seeing the start of what will be a slow but steady downturn to the balance of 2008. The turning point came earlier than anticipated, but the scenario is exactly what we've been preparing for since late last year. We expect 2009 to continue to be challenging, and we have a lot of levers that we can pull if the environment worsens. They include, further reducing our CapEx, increasing our used equipment sales, aging our fleet by several months on average while staying within our optimum range to 35 to 45 months, and in addition, we have the option of making further adjustments to our headcount branch network. The net result is that we're in a strong position to weather the cycles in our end markets. The updated guidance we released last night based on our share repurchases is for full year pro forma earnings per share in a range of $3.15 to $3.25. This assumes a 1.5% decline of rental rates for the year and a slight decline in time utilization. Operationally, this outlook ties to our previous guidance of $2.65 to $2.75 per share. So you can see that it is entirely with our rationale for doing these share repurchases. As far as other elements of our guidance, it's important to remember that our pro forma EBITDA range remains unchanged at $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion, and our free cash flow is expected to be strong at $350 million to $400 million, and we intend to use some of that cash to pay down debt. The important thing is, nothing about 2008 has taken us by surprise. We've made dramatic moves over the past year to prepare for exactly this kind of macro environment, and we continue to be vigilant and proactive.  Instead of pulling in our horns, our focus has been turned outward on driving EBITDA and incremental gains of EBITDA margins and free cash flow. Our business model is capable of delivering profitable growth even when revenues are down, and our strategy is now well established with a relatively short but solid track record with plenty of upside untapped. As we move to what is historically our strongest quarter, we intend to use as many operating levers at our disposal to continue to build [singular] value for our shareholders. Now before I turn the microphone over to Marty, I want to officially welcome Joe Dixon, who recently joined us as Vice President Sales as part of our initiative to improve our sales force effectiveness. You may know Joe from Hertz and Home Depot, but most recently at JLG where was in charge of global services. We're very pleased to have someone of Joe's caliber and industry experience to head our sales organization. And with that, I'll ask Marty to go in to more detail with our share repurchases and second quarter numbers. And then we'll go into Q&A and we'll take questions. Marty?
Marty Welch: Thank you Michael and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Michael's discussed some of our highlights for the quarter, and now I'd like to get into some of the details of the recently completed share repurchases, and our second quarter performance including the progress we are making on our cost saving initiatives, and then I'll review the outlook for the year. First, the share repurchases. As Michael mentioned, in the second quarter we repurchased all of our outstanding Series C and D preferred stock for $679 million. The removal of the preferred stock from our capital structure was a necessary step in proceeding with the tender offer, and will give us greater flexibility going forward. The preferred stock repurchase was funded with $254 million of cash and the issuance of $425 million principal amount of new 14% HoldCo notes due 2014. It's important to point out that the reason we issued the HoldCo notes was not for liquidity reasons. Rather, we were careful to protect the restricted payments basket contained in the indentures for our existing notes which have very attractive low coupon rates. I should also point out that the most important feature of the new 14% HoldCo notes is that there is no call protection, which means we can prepay them at any time without penalty. In fact, as we pointed out in our earnings release last night, we've already given notice of our intent to repay 125 million of these notes at the end of the third quarter. After this payment, the restricted payment basket will be approximately $200 million. Our tender offer closed and funded last week. In the tender, we repurchased 27.16 million of our common stock at a price of $22 per share for a total cost of $598 million. The tender offer was funded primarily through borrowings under our new $1.25 billion ABL facility and our existing accounts receivable securitization facility. Now let me discuss what these transactions mean in terms of leverage and accretion. First, with respect to leverage, since the company's inception, on a debt-to-EBITDA basis, United Rentals has operated at an average leverage ratio of 3.4 times. Following the completion of the tender, we're at 3.1 times, and we expect the ratio to be 2.9 times by year end, a level that is within our comfort zone. This means that the share repurchases have added less than one turn of leverage as compared to our pre-repurchase ratio of 2.3 times, and significantly below the historic high for the company of 5 times. From an accretion perspective, the repurchase of the common and preferred shares will reduce our 2009 fully diluted share account by about 39% to 70 million shares. And as Michael mentioned and as our outlook for 2008 illustrates, these repurchases represent an opportunity for us to achieve significantly more accretion and to capture it more quickly than through any other means. Before I turn to our second quarter performance, let me just touch on one more point. We've consistently talked about how this business can generate significant free cash flow in any environment. Our ability is secure financing under the ABL, the size we did - 1.25 billion at attractive prices and in the middle of one of the most challenging credit markets seen in recent history, is a testament to the resilience of our business model and to the credibility of the strategy we have put in place. I'd like to turn next to the second quarter performance. First let's talk about equipment rentals. Our rental revenue decreased 6%, reflecting a decline of 1.4% in rental rates and 0.8% in time utilization. The balance of the decline primarily relates to a shift in mix towards monthly contracts. Second, our SG&A of $126 million was 15.2% of revenue for the quarter, an improvement of 10 basis points compared to 2007, reflecting lower rental revenue and the ongoing benefits of our cost-saving initiatives. On an absolute dollar basis, SG&A decreased by $21 million. Third; earnings per share. On a pro forma basis, our EPS for the quarter was $0.62 on a share count of 97 million, compared with $0.60 on a share count of 115 million shares in 2007, and a GAAP loss per share of $2.33. Our pro forma EPS essentially adjusts our GAAP EPS to reflect our new capital structure and to exclude the impact of the $14 million provision relating to the SEC inquiry. As I discussed earlier, the share repurchase will reduce our 2009 share count by about 39%. For these reasons, we believe pro forma EPS is a meaningful measure of our future profitability. And finally; EBITDA. Pro forma EBITDA margin, which excludes the impact of the SEC provision, increased 130 basis points to 32%, reflecting the success of our cost initiatives. Turning to our contractor supplies business; our second quarter contractor supplies margin of 23.7% improved 390 basis points versus the prior year. These results are consistent with our strategy of repositioning the supplies business and reducing the number of SKUs, especially in lower-margin commodity categories. In terms of our cost saving initiatives and in line with our goal of generating $500 million of incremental annual EBITDA within five years, we believe we can generate about $200 million of that improvement from the execution of our cost saving plans. During the second quarter, where we saw a pro forma EBITDA margin improve 130 basis points, we realized $34 million in cost savings. These savings came from a number of initiatives including our strategic sourcing initiative and our headcount reductions. To put it in perspective, our work force at June 30, 2008 is lower by about 1800 FTEs, which is the equivalent of 15% of our work force, as compared to last year at this time. And importantly, we believe these reductions remain without impacting customer service. Now let's take a moment to review our expectations for 2008. Our pro forma EPS range is $3.15 to $3.25, reflecting the benefits of a lower share count. From an operational perspective, this outlook is in line with our previous guidance of $2.65 to $2.75 per share.  Our revenue EBITDA and free cash flow guidance is as follows: We expect total revenue of between $3.3 billion and $3.4 billion, including rental revenue of about $2.5 billion. Our pro forma EBITDA guidance of $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion is unchanged, and represents a pro forma EBITDA margin of 34.1%. We're forecasting a full year tax rate before discrete items of about 37.6%, and approximately $350 million to $400 million of free cash flow. We were pleased with our DSO performance, which has improved from 53.9 days in the prior period to 53.1 days currently. Our free cash flow guidance which reflects total CapEx of about $715 million has decreased by about $50 million, primarily because of additional interest expense following the share repurchases. That summarizes our outlook. And now we'd like to turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A session. Chris, if you can start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). And our first question or comment comes from the line of Manish Somaiya with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Good morning, Marty and Michael and everyone else. Couple of questions. Michael, you talked about a mixed shift in the second quarter to more monthly rates which resulted in lower rental revenue. Is that something we're likely to see in the second half as well?
Michael Kneeland: Well the lower rental revenue was caused by timing. We did shift away from our -- we're doing more, monthly business is up one percentage point, so that's almost 68% of our revenue, it's generated -- our transactions are monthly. We will continue to see the trend go towards monthly revenue transactions, but the real significant second quarter does two things, I'll give you two data points, Manish: One was timing of our projects as I stated, and also continuous decline that we saw in the weaker markets, particularly in Florida and California. If you will take those two states away, in fact our rental revenue would have only saw a decline of 2.7%.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: I see. So basically what you're implying is that markets in Florida and California are actually getting worse. They haven't stabilized.
Michael Kneeland: Through the second quarter they got worse on a year-over-year basis, yes; however, we are starting to see at this point in time kind of level off. Still early to tell yet.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay, fair enough. And then just secondly, on EBITDA, I mean I have been looking at the EBITDA distribution first half versus second half. Generally the second half has accounted for about 60% of full year EBITDA. Obviously with visibility what it is, and your guidance implies that you'll do about 60% of your EBITDA in the second half, how are you getting comfortable with that?
Marty Welch: Manish, this is Marty. The third quarter and into October is always the busiest part of the year for United Rentals. So there is some seasonality in the business. We've got pretty good visibility to the third quarter at this point, and so I think we are comfortable in essentially reaffirming the guidance that we had put out previously.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. And then just lastly, update on my used equipment prices, any changes since you last spoke on it?
Michael Kneeland: Manish this is Mike again. We see actually improved margins in our retail sector where we're selling or where we have seen some declines is in the auction arena, and that's mostly around the earth-moving equipment. But by and large when you take a look at the general survey put out by [Ralphs], I think last month it was only down about 0.6 and about 1.5% full year.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. I appreciate. Thank you so much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question or comment is from the line of Matt Vitorioso with Barclays. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Matt.
Matt Vitorioso - Barclays: Hi, good morning. Just wondering if you could comment on the fact that you kept the fleet size basically flat as far as the number of units, despite the slowdown in utilization? Did the slowdown in utilization catch you by surprise, and will you just compensate for that by, like you said selling off more used equipment in the second half or just some more color on that would be helpful.
Michael Kneeland: Sure. We target the level of CapEx to begin with - of the 2007 - again the 2007 going into 2008; and we anticipated a decline towards the back half of the year. As I said earlier, there was a timing issue, we review our needs very carefully and we believe that the level of capital investment that we have right now is prudent and obviously it's an operating lever that we can pull. But during the back half of the year, we will continue to sell older fleet and more of it.
Matt Vitorioso - Barclays: Okay. And then just on the free cash flow and the possibility of debt repayment. Is it safe to assume that for the time being any free cash flow will be used to help reduce the level of those 14% at the HoldCo, would there be any [OpCo] debt repayment ahead of those 14?
Marty Welch: Mike, this is Marty. The 14% debt is a priority for us, because of obviously of the cost. I think that if we have short-term free cash flow the ABL is a 100% revolver and we can very easily pay down the ABL and reborrow as we need. The decision to repay the HoldCo notes is a more significant decision because it's permanent and it also affects the restricted payment basket. So, we will take that in a more measured way as we feel comfortable that we have the ability to do it. By the way, we've mapped out over the next few years, and we're very comfortable that we can fully pay off the HoldCo notes in the next four years or so, without any additional refinancing just from operations.
Matt Vitorioso - Barclays: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you sir. Our next question or comment is from the line of [Henry Turn] with UBS. Your line is open.
Marty Welch: Hi Henry.
Henry Turn - UBS: Good morning guys.
Michael Kneeland: Good morning.
Henry Turn - UBS: Quick question on the competitive response to the weaker markets. Have you seen anything different out of your competitors? How has the landscape changed?
Michael Kneeland: Well, the landscape obviously has become more competitive in specific markets. I mentioned two of those in Florida and California. I don't comment on what the competitors -- they will announce their own rates and what they're doing as far as new business mode. But what we're hearing from our sales reps and from our customers, they're being very responsive. Are there pockets where we see some competitive nature? Absolutely. But I think that overall the industry is acting prudent right now. They're taking down their fleets and doing the right things.
Henry Turn - UBS: Okay. And on the shift in mix to the monthly contracts. How does that affect your ability to plan the fleet going forward?
Michael Kneeland: Well, we plan our fleet -- we review our fleet quarterly. And towards the -- in the fourth quarter we do a deep dive all the way down to branch level and build our way up. It's with the input from all of our branches or branch managers, sales rep, customer input, but really the driver is our customers. What type of jobs are they seeing? What type of equipment will they require as we go forward? So it's very much a ground-up approach. So it's too early to tell. But we continually shift our fleet and I think that the biggest data point is our ability to shift fleet today between our branches and districts which, I'm happy to report, is up four times over the last year this time.
Henry Turn - UBS: Thanks. And if can just squeeze one more in here, a quick modeling question on the share count for the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Is it possible to give a little bit of guidance around what the third quarter share count might wind up being?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. I'm going to ask [Chris Brown], Vice President and Assistant Controller to answer that.
Chris Brown: Sure. In terms of for Q3 we're forecasting a GAAP in the pro forma share count of 70 million shares. The GAAP in the pro forma share counts are the same as the preferred securities are excluded from the GAAP share count and no adjustments necessary. The 5 million difference between Q3 and Q4, essentially weights to the weighted average impact of the tender which closed in mid-July.
Henry Turn - UBS: Okay, thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions). Our next question or comment is from the line of  Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Your line is open, sir.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks, good morning guys. Just focusing a little bit more on pricing, I think you guys answered this in a different way, but can I ask it in the sense of how much of the percent drop year-over-year in pricing was competitive versus some of the other drivers?
Michael Kneeland: Well, again I can't report on what the competitors will report coming out, but there's two factors, one of which is we're going after monthly and longer term which comes down - will affect our price. And then we have seen some competitive pressure in specifically the markets where we see a significant decline. But to answer your question directly, it's very hard, because we don't have that type of information.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. Fair enough. Now you had mentioned, I think and correct me if I'm wrong, 68% of revenue is now monthly transactions?
Michael Kneeland: Yes.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. And can you just give us, kind of how does that compare historically and then maybe year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter?
Michael Kneeland: Well, on a quarter-over-quarter from '07 it's up 1.4 percentage points. 
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay.
Michael Kneeland: If you want more detail, Scott, we can do that offline and give you some more details.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Sure. Fair enough. And just one more on the pricing or what occurred rental revenue in the quarter. The timing of projects; were these things that you feel you're going to get back in the third quarter, they were just pushed back or did they result in cancellation?
Michael Kneeland: We have not seen any of our large projects of any magnitude be cancelled, what we did see was and particularly in the Canadian marketplace it was held up by the lack of engineering drawings. With regards to the Aerial East and our larger projects here was related to steel and weather getting the jobs up and running.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. So you do feel that it's just a pushback.
Michael Kneeland: Yes, that's why -- that's part of the reason why we brought the fleet in to man those jobs.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks. And following up on an earlier question on used equipment sales, I know first quarter's a big auction quarter. Could you and you've given good color on what you're seeing in auction and retail? Could you give us an idea of the mix of retail versus auction in the first quarter relative to the second quarter?
Marty Welch: I don't think we've got quarterly numbers, but in general about 75% of our used sales are at retail and others one by one. And then another significant piece is a trade back to the manufacturers, particularly in large Aerial, so our auction has historically been less than 10% of our total used sales.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. I'm sorry I'm going to go back to a pricing question just by Aerial versus earthmoving, any additional color you guys can give on that? Is it all earthmoving or
Michael Kneeland: With regards to auction prices?
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Just by pricing in general what you're seeing out there. I'm sorry, I'm jumping back, not in used equipment anymore, but now I'm talking just in the rental space.
Michael Kneeland: Well we have demand, our Aerial regions, their rental rates have been holding firm. We don't give specific categories of equipment other than the fact that the Aerial as we manage our rates with a lot of rigor and we have the reports and visibility, but so far, to date obviously the areas we saw the biggest declines, and would also affect some of the aerial equipment with the markets in particular.
Marty Welch: Yes, you know Scott, our biggest weapon here is the ability to reposition this fleet as a national company. So in the weak markets such as California and Florida, we have moved very large amounts for us [fully] out of those markets and re-purposed that as Michael said, to markets where we have better demand. That is a very big weapon in terms of responding to pricing pressure.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks. A couple quick more, I'm sorry for being a hog here. The industrial, has that crept up as a percent of revenues I think we were at 17% last quarter?
Michael Kneeland: On a year-over-year basis it's up, but it hasnt moved significantly. It's our focus. It takes a longer term, turnaround time. The ones you have to negotiate, you have to keep yourself in the game. We are being proactive in that arena. It's a large market, the market is we only have about 4% of the total industrial market, so we see that as a very unique opportunity for us to leverage our size.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Great, thanks. And one final on the margin front. Within contractor supplies do you have a target margin you're shooting for that you would share, looks like you're making progress there just any parameters you're thinking about there?
Michael Kneeland: I think longer term we are looking at getting upwards of the 30% margin, that's the area that we're focusing on. Obviously the 24% is stuff in the right direction, and we'll continue to focus on as we go forward.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Alright. Thanks very much guys.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir. Our next question or comment is from the line of Joel Tiss with Buckingham. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Joel.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: Hello, how's it going?
Michael Kneeland: Good.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: That's good. I wonder just sort of a little bit more on what some of the things Scott was asking about. Are you changing your CapEx plans more towards monthly to match your contracts, or you're going to keep it on a quarterly basis?
Michael Kneeland: Well, right now our total outlook has not changed. We have $750 million in total capital. Let me give you some breakdown -- let me break that down for you in a little more detail. About $85 million is non-rental, which is associated with real estate. We have about $32 million of leases that we are buying out, so effectively we are paying down debt; and then we've got about $20 million of refurb, refurbishing equipment; that leaves about $580 million. And what I did say is, as we go back to the back half of the year, we will increase our used sales. So at the end of the year, we'll be below our fleet levels on a year-over-year basis.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: And then can you talk at all like just color-wise about the mix of your CapEx? Are you shifting a little bit away from Aerial work platforms or you are continuing to keep most of the downward pressure on the earthmoving side?
Michael Kneeland: Well, we havent said we were shifting away from Aerial. In fact, our aerial purchases, and I announced this in our last quarter, we were going to have increases and in fact we have increased our aerial fleet. And in particular one of the areas is the large [brooms] for the power plants, which has that demand. Most of our purchases really come from customer demands.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: Okay. And then just two other ones. Marty can you talk a little bit about, I saw there was a big increase in the accounts payable in the quarter or year-to-date, can you just talk about maybe what's behind that or how sustainable is that direction, and that's what I'm trying to get at.
Marty Welch: Yes. There's nothing unusual there. Must have just been the [cork] of when the check runs went out or something. We are moving, as everyone is, trying to move our AP more toward 60 day terms as a general standard, so we make progress on that as time goes on. But there is nothing unusual there.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: Okay. And then last, I wonder Mike if you can just talk about your comments about the gradual decline in non-res spending. What gives you confidence there? Can you give us some of the puts and takes? We obviously know California, Florida sink, what are some of the highlights on what's still growing and they're breaking ground on enough new things that gradual decline would continue, say, into 2010 as well?
Michael Kneeland: Well, obviously some of the sectors you're relating to is the industrial sector, industrial will continue to be a focus in growth opportunity. All of the refineries are working at full capacity to produce gasoline, oils and other industry, the power plants getting their EPA compliance by 2010, the health area is another area that we're going to see continuous strength as we see in aging population.  And then infrastructure, there's a need for infrastructure and a compelling need for infrastructure; however, it will be tempered by the fact of the municipal governments' being able to fund it. But infrastructure will be at some point a growth opportunity. And it's a very large portion of non-building construction as well.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: But it's still kind of flattish to down right now, though, right?
Michael Kneeland: That's correct.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham: Yes. Okay. Alright, thank you so much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Philip Volpicelli with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Phil.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Hi. How are you today?
Michael Kneeland: Great.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: With regard to the daily, weekly, eight-monthly, I guess there might be another category, can you give us the rest of the breakout? You said monthly was 68%. Can you give us the other pieces?
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Our daily business is 13, that's down a point. Our weekly is flat, it's at 19. And then you've got 68 that's the monthly which is up.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And you don't have like an other category for longer than that?
Michael Kneeland: No, we don't.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. An as it's logical to think that your daily is probably your most profitable and as you move further along it gets less profitable?
Michael Kneeland: No. That's not the case at all. Obviously when you have daily business, there's a lot more touches to it. You have to bring the equipment in, you have to service it, you have to check it over and it goes back out. The longer term in the monthly contracts is a profitable growth opportunity for us, we're focused on.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So rates might go down but because there's less touches it actually might be more profitable for you as a business?
Michael Kneeland: Absolutely.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Got you. And then with regard to your outlook, I just wanted to make sure I'm thinking about this correctly, I think you mentioned that your guidance includes a 1.5% decrease in rates. And in the second quarter here we saw 1.4%, yet I think we all agree that the market is starting to soften. So how confident are you in that 1.5% rate decline in your guidance? Is it something that you're going to have to reassess as you go forward?
Michael Kneeland: No. we've built in what we believe the market will be. Obviously year-to-date we're down 0.6%, and in the back half of the year we'll be down by about two points.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Alright, that's interesting. And I think in the past we've talked a point of rating it was about $25 million EBITDA, does that still hold or is that changing with you guys doing all the cost savings?
Michael Kneeland: No. That's great. That's a good number. 
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. With regard to the closures, were they in Florida and California, and are there other closures that might occur before the end of the year?
Michael Kneeland: Yes. Some of the closures were there, and we don't talk about where potential closures would be, obviously because of our employee base. But we continually look at all of our branches on a monthly basis, and make the appropriate changes where necessary. That's why in fact we closed six more in the last quarter. And if we continue and see opportunities to repurpose our fleet in other areas and take down our underperformance, we'll do that.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And with regard to the restricted payments basket, I think Chris you and I had talked about a number of around 165 pro forma the two transactions for C and D and the stock, and I think Marty you said there would be 200 million pro forma taking out 125 million of the [fourteens], and I only see about $37 million of net income in the second. I know there's going to be some in the third. So can you guys walk me through how we get from where we were pro forma the transactions of $200 million at the end of the third quarter?
Marty Welch: Yes. A big factor of course is the we only paid $22 a share for the common and not $25. That's probably the biggest difference. I think rather than take up time on the call if you want to give Chris a call he can kind of walk you through the map on that. 
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: That sounds great. Thank you. And then finally, obviously the market's going to get tougher, there might be some acquisition opportunities out there. One; are you guys interested in looking at acquisitions; and two, what size would that be upto; and three, do you have a leverage target that you don't want to go above?
Michael Kneeland: This is Mike. We obviously were very opportunistic and we're going to take a look at the market. Obviously as we go through the climb, we're going to be making sure that if we can grow through profitable growth, we'll take a look at any one of the acquisitions and size is something that we don't necessarily pinpoint on. We take a look at does it accent our current model, while we grow on market share to profitable growth in that format.  Obviously when you take a look at where our stock is right now and where it's trailing at a multiple of EBITDA, we will not want to go above that as a guideline. And again opportunistic we'll look at it, we don't really comment and talk about them because that's the nature of the business, but we are very opportunistic. And I would also point out that this is an area that's a core competency for this company because of our background, it's not only doing acquisitions but integrating them very well.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much guys. Good luck.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Yvonne Varano with Jeffries. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Yvonne.
Yvonne Varano - Jeffries: Hi. Thanks. I think most of my questions have been answered. Just on a housekeeping, you ran through the share account Q3 and 4Q, could you do something similar for the interest expense and maybe what the run rate you're anticipating coming out of the year is going to be?
Marty Welch: Yes. What we can do, we can follow up with you offline in terms of modeling the interest expense.
Yvonne Varano - Jeffries: Okay. Thanks.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Varadarajan Sundar with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, couple of housekeeping questions. On the debt side, as you repay this $125 million [cold], do you expect to use the revolver or do you expect to pay that down with free cash flow? And could you give us what the pro forma debt number is going to be following the $125 million call that you're doing on the 14% notes?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. The company is at its maximum use of working capital in the third quarter, so we will use the revolver for this specific transaction, however we do generate significant amounts of free cash flow in the fourth quarter. So we have a longer-term outlook here that says that we are not just substituting one form of debt for another but in fact we're going to pay down.
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: And then, on that working capital front, somebody asked the question of on accounts payable, and you were up about $110 million or $112 million on the accounts payable front in the first half of the year. As you look at the back half and given that your CapEx number in the back half is going to be somewhat lower on a year-over-year basis as well as on a first half to second half basis, do you expect that accounts payable to go down a little bit more than what you've seen in the past? How do you see that number accounts payable playing out in the back half of the year?
Michael Kneeland: Right. I don't expect anything unusual in accounts payable. To be honest we havent even focused on that. We do have an initiative to - as we do strategic sourcing and as we work with our vendors to generally move our vendors to 60 days. We have made some progress on that. There's really nothing unusual going on in accounts payable this quarter and I would not think it would act differently at the end of this year than it has at the end of other years.
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. And finally, going back to this back half EBITDA number. At the mid-point of your guidance seems like your EBITDA will have to grow about 35% in the second half compared to the first half. Last year it was only up about 26% in the back half. Do you expect pricing to be down 2% in the back half of the year, compared to the first half, or are you seeing your proportion of monthly sales is higher? What gives you the better visibility to expect this second half to perform as well as it has on a seasonal basis and in fact better when conditions are actually getting a little softer?
Michael Kneeland: Sure. Well the biggest factor there of course is our continuing focus on cost reductions. We are down absolutely $21 million less spending SG&A in the first half, and we can expect that to continue. And though the pricing and utilization outlook that we talk about includes the shift, the monthlies, if you will, these are not added as factors, we're just trying to give you a little color about why this is occurring.  As the fleet shifts a little bit more towards aerial and away from earth, the aerial business tends to be more monthly. That's really what's driving that, but it doesn't necessarily mean we're deteriorating incrementally as long as you're getting pricing and utilization and shift monthly, we're just trying to give you a little bit more color.
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: Alright. And finally, the expense side seems to be the opportunity here, and you had SG&A of about $126 million this quarter, how should we think about that on an absolute dollar basis for the back half of the year?
Michael Kneeland: Specifically for SG&A?
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Michael Kneeland: We don't give line item by quarter kind of forecasting, but we are going to continue to make continued progress in these areas. We're working on very hard. It's one of our primary areas of focus.
Varadarajan Sundar - Deutsche Bank: Alright. Thank you.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of [Chris Daugherty] with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Chris.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Good morning Michael and Marty. Michael, you mentioned a dodge number down, starts down 14%. Was that both non-res and residential or just non-res?
Michael Kneeland: I believe it's the non-res number that they got forward in June.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And then do they have an estimate for the '08 and '09?
Michael Kneeland: They have some estimates that are out there. I think when you take a look at the consensus, it's coming down. '08 it's going to come down 1.2 points on year-over-year basis and next year 6.7.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And then can you just talk about the mix of your fleet and how you would expect that to sort of lag there? I mean, if we've seen starts increase up until now, are we talking six months, a year lag between when you might see your aerial being used or earthmoving, is there some sort of effect there?
Michael Kneeland: Well, obviously when you start to see starts, the first thing that goes in is earthmoving equipment. And our earthmoving fleet has not, although it's down hasn't had dramatic shift. The area that we have fleeted up in 2008 is in the aerials sector. And aerial has still a lot of end markets that they can serve - not only construction but maintenance and also the industrial sector, which I mentioned is an opportunity for us.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And then just lastly, a housekeeping number. Dollar utilization for the quarter?
Michael Kneeland: For the quarter it was
Marty Welch: It was 56.8% for the quarter.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And what was the average fleet to the millions for the quarter?
Marty Welch: The OEC at the end of the quarter was 4325.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Right. Thanks Chris. Take care.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Chris Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question or comment comes from the line of Seth Weber with Banc of America. Your line is open.
Michael Kneeland: Hi Seth.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Hey, thanks. Good morning. On the used equipment, can you give us an idea, who's buying the stuff? Is this still largely international customers that are stepping in and buying a lot of the used equipment, and then I have a quick follow up question.
Michael Kneeland: Well, obviously from the auction we're seeing more and more offshore international players coming in and buying our equipment, but the vast majority of our fleet is still being sold retail here and North America. Keep in mind that only about 35% of everything that's manufactured goes to the rental industry, there's still a very viable market out there for selling fleet.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay, thanks. And then conceptually, Mike, maybe you've been in this business awhile, can you compare how this downturn feels to the previous ones and how the operating environment compares and what you're seeing from a rationality among your competitors?
Michael Kneeland: Well, thank you, Seth, I'm not going to give out my age here, but I've been in the industry for 30 years, and you're right, I have seen different markets, I think that I take a look at 1991, the last downturn and then I put a lot comparison to that, to where we are today.  Having said that, the differences between our most recent downturn of 2000-2002 is really we're a different industry, and we're more professional. And I've talked about this one-on-ones and to the investment community, and I do believe that. I do believe that we're a different industry today. I know that this company is a different company today than they were back in 2000-2001.  We're focused on rates, we're focused on driving profitable growth, and we're doing the right things going into a downturn, we're selling off the fleet and producing cash flow, and at the same timeframe improving our EBITDA. So I think overall we're doing all the right things here, and I do think that the industry overall is being prudent and focusing this downturn just like they did the last.
Seth Weber - Bank of America: Okay, thanks very much.
Michael Kneeland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Weber. Mr. Kneeland, I turn the conference back over to you, Sir.
Michael Kneeland: Well thanks, operator. Now before we sign off, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today. And this is an opportunity for us to express how strongly we feel about the future in United Rentals and our company's ability to create value.  Now our results show that we're doing all the right things, and that we will continue to be vigilant as we move through the busiest period of our year in the third quarter. And with that, that concludes our remarks for today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We again thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect at this time. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - CEO Martin E. Welch - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Manish Somaiya - Citigroup Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Philip Gresh - JPMorgan Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs Sundar Varadarajan - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the United Rentals, First Quarter 2008 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded and is copyrighted by United Rentals, Inc. Before we begin, the Company has asked me to remind you that many of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses to your questions will contain forward-looking statements. United Rental's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statements. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's first quarter 2008 earnings release. For a fuller description of these and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2007, as well as to a subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access the company's press releases, as well as its SEC filings on the company's website at www.unitedrentals.com using the link captioned access Investor Relations. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly released any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectations. During the conference call, references will be made to free cash flow and to EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is; Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Welch, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is, Marty Welch, our Chief Financial Officer, and other members of our senior management team. I want to open this call by discussing our first quarter results provided excellent perspective and the impact of our new strategic both financially and operationally. Next I want to review what we are seeing and hearing out there in the marketplace, and then I want to discuss our outlook. First, start with the first quarter. Last year at this time we were still operating under our old strategy, which pursued several lines of business. This year we are focused on driving profitable growth in our core rental business managing our fleet and controlling our costs. We begin to implement the strategy in mid 2007, and use it to deliver our current year-over-year improvements. We increased our earnings 13.3% to a record $0.34 for the quarter. Our income increased 18.8%. We also improved our operating income margin to 13.2% of revenue, which is 1.4 percentage points higher than it was to the first three months of last year. And we generated $11 million of incremental EBITDA that translates to 3.6 percentage point improvement in the EBITDA margin for the quarter. We also became more respond to market conditions in the first quarter. In the process we generated $143 million a positive free cash flow. Marty will provide more insight into our CapEx landscape in a minute. On the costs side of the business we've constantly delivered on our firms to become more efficient. Last year we reduced our headcount by 9.2%, which put us on track to achieve $55 million and $60 million of annual savings. With an additional of potential savings as our field reacts demand, right now our work force levels running about 500 below year-end, so we have lot of room to move and still achieve our savings. We also acted on our plans to optimize branched network includes the consolidated 23 underperforming locations in the first quarter of this year observing $2.6 million of pre-tax expense related to the closures. And we will continue to evaluate branch performance against expectations as the year progresses. Strategic sourcing, which generates $22 million in savings in 2007 is on target to save an incremental $22 million this year. Our target is $70 million savings by year-end 2009, and we are well on our way. In addition, we've identified another 120 cost saving opportunities late last year and signed into project owners who delivered $20 million in savings in 2007, and was targeting an incremental of $40 million of savings this year. These initiatives address a wide range of opportunities including advertising efficiencies, in sourcing, and reduction of our G&A expense to name a few. Now as you can see from our results our strategy is having a desired effect. Our SG&A expense was $16 million lower than last year, which improved our SG&A ratio by half a point in line with our expectations. We also transferred three times the amount of fleet in quarter versus the year ago, that's over $900 million of original equipment costs redeployed in markets where it can work harder for us. The increase in fleet transfer shows that our field operations have ear to the ground across our entire market. The construction slows in one area we look for up swing somewhere else and that's where the fleet goes. From our current advantage point this is shaking into be a challenging year for our industry, ways the partner of commerce data indicates the construction spending overall was basically flat in February. Although, the March number is aren't out yet, we believe that non-residential construction spending are primary end-market will show first quarter declines in the number of sectors, and may in fact end up, flat or down for the year. The question is where are the current operating environment want to find rest of the year, and that remains to be seen, what I can tell you is that our company has prepared physically, mentally, and strategically for any construction environment, were being very aggressive and discipline about taking costs out of the business and we have for months. We are also looking... we are making progressively better use of our capital, and we are working hard to build the royalty with our customers, beginning a lot of positive feedback from our customers, which tells us we made a right move and bring back our focus to our core business. In fact, the decline in total revenues of the quarter had nothing to do with rentals. It was the result of our decision to take the emphasis off less profitable revenue streams such as contractor supplies. Our supplies business had a top line decrease of $38 million for the quarter, which is about what we expected and we had lower revenues our new equipment sales. But our rental revenues were actually up slightly. On the first quarter behind us we are still seeing a great deal to be gained from our disciplined execution of our strategy that credit goes to our employees, they have done a stellar job in managing change and they are enthusiastic about their role and steering United Rentals our new and more profitable course. At the same time we are realistic about the external environment, the economic uncertainty that was constrained many industries being felt in construction as well, that being said we are entering the busiest two quarters of the season. Our customers are telling us to be a lot of current projects on the books although there's not a lot of visibility as much as we'd like in the back half of the year. As commercial construction continues to flatten and the industrial starts don't rise to fill the gap, we would expect to see the bulk of that impact later in the year into 2009. We also expect that residential construction will remain weak for sometime, as home builders continue to cut production and reduced our inventory. Our branches are still reporting many pockets of opportunity particular in the Midwest region, area east and west, northeast Canada, and the Rocky Mountain region, where we are continuing to get a balance from a construction economy in Western Canada. The Gulf region is anchored by taxes, where business remains strong or both the rest of the region is little stagnant and the Southeast and Southwest struggled in the first quarter as it is from most of last year. So we are seeing some softness but it's difficult to tell how much is attributable to an economic slowdown as oppose to other factors. And there is simply not a lot of good visibility into the tailend of the year. Given the direction of all the information available to us, the industry forecast, which were up in the architectural billings index, the government data, and the input we are seeing from this deal we decided to lower our 2008 guidance to a range of $2.65 to $2.85, which represents our best estimate of annual performance at this time. The rest of our outlook remains largely unchanged as Marty will cover in a movement. Now as the year progresses we'll remain agile in ways we manage our fleet, to respond to market conditions. For example, we intend to increase our used equipment sales to a new target of $265 million of revenue, that $60 million more than we originally planned in 2008. It's a strategically sound way to respond to the market, and just one of the several operating levers at our disposal. I hope I have given you a sense of why our first quarter results are such an important signpost for us. They point to the fact that our companies moving towards the goal that we announced several months ago that is drive $500 million of incremental annual EBITDA within five years. Like any path you can be affected by external factors, but our performance is also derived from preparation and strategic... our alternatives, our strategy, internal discipline and these are the things that we can and we will do as we go forward. A profitable growth in the first quarter is an important goal for us. And we are pleased with the results we reported last night. We expect this to approach each quarter to the same drive and determination as the year progresses, but before I turn the microphone over to Marty as we said on our earnings release, we're continuing to explore alternatives for enhancing shareholder value, taking into account our operating environment, cash flow, capital structure and covenants, that being said it's not the focus of our call today. Now I am going to ask Marty to give you the details on our first quarter performance and then we will go in the Q&A and take your questions. Marty?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Michael has discussed some of our highlights for the quarter, and now I would like to get into some of the details of our first quarter performance and review our outlook for the year. We were pleased with our first quarter performance on several fronts, which are focused aerials for our business and critical to our goal of generating $500 million in incremental annual EBITDA within five years. First, equipment rentals, our rental revenue increased 0.7% as improved time utilization essentially offset modest rate declines. Second, our SG&A of $131 million with 17% of revenue for the quarter an improvement of 50 basis points compared to 2007. Importantly, on an absolute dollar basis SG&A expense decreased by $16 million, reflecting the ongoing benefits of cost saving initiatives. Third, earnings per share our continuing operations diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.34 a share account of 111 million shares compared with $0.30 and a share count of 110 million in 2007. This represents an improvement of 13% versus the prior year. And finally EBITDA, EBITDA increased 5.2% to our first quarter record of $224 million. Additionally our EBITDA margin improved 360 basis points to 29%. Looking at our other lines of business our first quarter contractor supplies margin of 21.4% improved 440 basis points versus the prior year, and 60 basis points versus the fourth quarter of last year. These results are consistent with our strategy of repositioning the supplies business and reducing the number of SKUs especially, in lower margin and commodity categories. Our used equipment sales were down about 20% year-over-year consistent with our life cycle management strategy as we focus on selling older assets, and although our gross margins declined by 350 basis points during the quarter they increased 610 basis points sequentially. Looking at our cash flow and interest expense for the quarter, our first quarter cash flow from operations was $226 million compared with $127 million in 2007. We invested $136 million in our rental fleet compared with $265 million last year. Although our CapEx outlook for the year is unchanged at $715 million, we did significantly reduce spending in the first quarter as compared to last year, as we focused on better utilizing our existing fleet and managing our spend recognizing market conditions. Over the balance of the year we will add fleet to regions with the strongest demand, and we will continue to monitor developments and adjust our CapEx as conditions dictate. Free cash flow for the quarter improves significantly to our first quarter record of $143 million as compared to free cash flow usage of $83 million in 2007. The significant year-over-year improvement reflects reduced CapEx and improved working capital performance. Our net interest expense decreased by $6 million reflecting lower interest expense as a result of less variable rate debt and higher interest income. Now let's take a moment to review our expectations for 2008. Our EPS range is $2.65 to $2.85 per share down $0.15 from our original guidance. As Michael mentioned based on our feedback... based on feedback from our customers and in recognition of recent industry forecast we're revising our full year forecast. Our revenue, EBITDA, and free cash flow guidance is as follows: We expect total revenue of between 3.4 and 3.5 billion. Additionally, rental revenue will be essentially flat at $2.6 billion. Our rental guidance has been reduced by $100 million driven by a change in our time utilization expectations. Previously, we have forecasted time utilization will be up about 200 basis points versus 2007, we now expect it to be up modest 40 basis points. And as we discussed in our last call, we continue to expect rate to be down about 1% this year. Our EBITDA guidance of $1.15 billion to $1.19 billion is down $20 million from our previous guidance and represents an EBITDA margin of about 33.9%. We're forecasting our full year tax rate of about 37.5% and approximately $400 million to $450 million of free cash flow. Our cash flow expectations that have been increased by $75 million based on the bonus depreciation provisions contained in the recently past Federal Stimulus package. The last summarize is our outlook, which doesn't include any impact from regulatory matters, and now I'd like to turn it over to the operator to begin the Q&A. Chris could you open the Q&A session please. Question And Answer
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question of [indiscernible] comes from the line of Manish Somaiya with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Good morning. A couple of questions Michael, you mentioned in your opening remarks that and this is your quote that you don't have good visibility into the tailends in the year, could you just sort of this an idea of how much visibility do you have in your business going forward?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, and that's great question. As we go through the balance of the year, we take a look at the lot of different indexes and one of which I mention was the AVI index, which tells you that it had two consecutive months below 50% fact that were drop down to 39.7 which is a low... a record low and the lead-time to that is really somewhere between six months to a year, so that really comes down to the visibility point that I am talking about we are... when it talks to our customers again we have a lot of business on the books and they have a lot of things to start, but it's really that going out, beyond that six and 12 month range looking of what we see today is not lot of visibility until we get a little closer.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. So basically you see well just back tracking a bit, I guess in your seasonally strong second quarters we have had a month to look at the trends have you guys seen a pick up in April vis--vis March.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Right now what we are seeing is... we are actually seeing our time utilization equals of time utilization last year it's flat on year-over-year basis. We are still seeing the same seasonal pick up we are just not getting any traction above and beyond that point.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. And then just lastly on the competitive landscape, I think one of your competitors had mentioned that you are being a bit disruptive in certain markets and in Las Vegas in particular, and I was hoping that perhaps you could comment on what you are seeing out there in the marketplace in your own behavior in the marketplace?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. We reported our rates were down 0.6% for the quarter. We still holding firm that we are managing our rates to 1% drop full year, and we truly managed our rates by our branch district and region level, pockets where we see softness that we adjust, pockets where we have growth we have seen increases. As far as the competitive landscape you know its mixed... we have got a lot of different players out there, there is no one company and there is a lot of small companies, there are local companies, there are some regional, but by and large there is no pattern of rate reduction across the boards what we are seeing today.
Manish Somaiya - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hey, good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: First if we could talk a little bit about industrial what you guys were doing there, what... would you like to get that up to as a percent mix of the business? What verticals are strong? How the pricing environment is just a very broad based?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Let me start up with the industrial sector. The industrial sector is an area that is an opportunity for us given our broad footprint. We were able to increased our penetration albeit lower than what our competitors have. We did increase at two percentage points on a year-over-year basis roughly it's right now about 17% of our revenue. And we still see there is an opportunity, and... but you had a longer lead-time to that type of work what I mean by that is that typical work is when it is released is usually for a year or two, or as some sort of time element to it. So it's just a matter of us getting into that process and bidding that. So we see that it's been... it's competitive, yes, but it is also very profitable and doesn't have the cyclicality would have in the construction environment.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: When you speak of competitive, could you just go little deeper on kind of the rate environment there. What are you seeing and competitive this that obviously an area where a lot of you and lot of your peers are moving right now?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well when I say competitive it's really, it's a monthly basis, so it's, you know, looking at something that's out there for a longer term, you are bidding something that, you know, going to be out there for multi months or some time years, so you have to put that into the equation. I don't think that it's a competitive as some of the other markets because once you are in the area it's not like you can you bump people off or anything like that. It's primarily it's based on your services and do you have to offer to that company, so it's nowhere near as competitive that you would see in any other market just doesn't have the cycles to it.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks. And then just calling up on that what particular verticals are strongest geographies within industries specifically?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well obviously the Gulf area you've got the petrochemical industry anything related to the energy portion is very strong. There are food processing plants that are very strong, steel plants and there is also automotive even though automotive is down there is still maintenance that has to be on going inside those plants.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks. Just a little broader base question obviously, a lot fleet movement out of you in the first quarter, could you speak to that strategy I imagine higher fuel prices there are certainly a cost benefit you have to consider when making that move, I just was more curious on how those decisions are made, is it an absolute we have to get it to this new region because it's going to be healthier than this old region and we have to do regardless of cost just kind of the thought process there?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Sure, we have fleet management at the region level and district manager both of them make their business decisions along with the branch manager. The request comes in, but let me kind give you some color to the, you know $900 million of equipment that we moved about $750 million of that was between branches within inside of districts. So you are moving from branch-to-branch with inside the four walls of the district, and then across district it's just about $156 million, so as you get towards the regions it's not so much transferring the equipment it's more, we sell equipment and say the Southeast and we will buy something else in the Rocky Mountain. So all of that is taken in consideration you take a look at the length of term, the rate you have to determine whether you want to move it for any length of distance.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks. And just finally the used equipment market as you mentioned, you know a little bit lower margin year-over-year, but up sequentially because and you have mentioned in fourth quarter that you've got a lot of hope a bit of lot of distressed assets, how do you see that going forward, we are going to see pricing pressure now with a slowing of the macro environment just your thoughts there?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well most of our sales is accomplished through our sales force, so it's more on a retail environment, and the returns that we are seeing you know, part of what we have seen over the last couple of quarters. The areas where we see some pricing pressure is... we consciously made an effort to reduce our heavy equipment. We did that in the first quarter, and as a result it impacted our gross margins. But, as far as the market is concerned from the auction, the auction still has a lot of activity from foreign investment.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Phil.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Hey guys, how are you doing?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Good. Hey one thing I didn't see in the release was the same-store sales for the quarter, could you give that to us?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah they were flat for the year... for the quarter.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Flat. Okay. And just on the guidance there is a couple of things I am trying to square. You have for rental revenues specifically you talked about rates down 1%, but flat overall revenues that were implied volumes kind of flats or up 1 percentage, but the same time I look at and I see you closed 3% of your store base basically in the first quarter and if I look at the rest of the year it looks like the comps get tougher and you talk about reduce visibility, so I'm just trying to make all that kind of square?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well, you're right I mean, we anticipated in our two point increase in our time utilization in our original guidance, and we revised that down to just to your point about a half a point of improvement over 2007, so we are now the yield about a... just a 0.7 improvement in time utilization from the first quarter, we revitalized our target based on the fleet sharing and we talk about reduction of our branches. Keep in mind that we are not taking our all the equipment out, we are repurposing that equipment, of that fleet that we took out of those closures we pretty purposed them 60% or 70% of the fleet that was there are removed.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Okay. And just do you see with the tougher comps as we progress to the year I mean do you see a kind of pickup in the volumes despite those tougher comps or because of that repurposing the equipment I mean was there something in the first quarter because you move that equipment that tender volumes I am just trying to get understanding?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: No, just... one other point I want to make, I didn't probably point out is our average fleet size is bigger this year than it was last year. So there is also that portion that it gets baked into the revenue stream, but specifically the answer your question, no, I mean we haven't seen anything else other than what we have laid out here.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Okay. And then just I guess the last question will be, could you talk a little bit more about pricing by the product, aerials versus earthmoving in the quarter and the trends you are seeing heading into the second quarter? Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: While we don't give specifics based on product mix. What we did say is that our aerial will focused on the high time utilization, we are improving our time. We have done that, and keep in mind that the first quarter is also almost challenging quarter. And... but we don't give specifics based on products, and we don't give it based on regions, we can assume that areas where we had softness, I mean we had to adjust the rates and areas where we had growth we improved our rates.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Yeah, would you be able to tell us that aerials are up, right now?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Aerials were up slightly, yes.
Philip Gresh - JPMorgan: Yes. Okay. Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Emily Shanks with Lehman brothers. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Emily.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Hi, good morning, I just wanted to ask a follow-up question around the use of equipment sales, I want to be clear or the margin is down simply because of mix shift and sales are heavier equipment or are you seeing overall pricing pressure in the secondary market?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: No it was the first, it was the mixed and heavier equipment and we did that there was auction that happens every year down in Florida, I mentioned in our fourth quarter call that we saw margins that actually much higher than we anticipated, so we did much better than we thought, so that was a cautious step in our parts so yes, it was mix.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: And thenjust I could, just a couple of more in terms of pricing how much discretion does the branch manager have or its pricing where in that sort of tier of management is that determined?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: The pricing is really at the focus of the district manager in the regional platform. And it's market specific and they have a certain threshold within each individual branch and it requires the approval of the district manager to exceed that.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Okay. Okay. And then if I could just one last question, you know, this past fall I think there was some commentary out of URI that you had quite a nice pipeline of the aerial or big guns project. I am just curious you know it's very prevalent in the news around the cancellation of the big construction site that was proposed in Downtown Seattle etcetera. Are you seeing any change to be absolute dollar amount as to say with that pipeline?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: No we are seeing I mean when you say absolute we are still seeing a large projects come on broad, and you know the other area that is very strong as the energy related to power plants and the EPA requirement to put scrubbers on every one of this facilities, so that demand is still there obviously, we still have a lot of entertainment ongoing and that bodes well for the of portion of the business.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Great. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Chris Daugherty with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chris.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Hi Michael, and Marty. Marty, can you just tell us I know you guys tend to just give one decimal place in terms of fleet, but could you go out to three and say and tell whether your fleet was actually down or sequential basis?
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Chris, this is Chris Brown speaking, how are you?
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: Good.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good. Yes, the OEC or the fleet at the end of Q1 was 4186 and in the fourth quarter of last year it was 4207, so sequentially it's down a bit.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And then what about dollar utilization, what was the dollar utilization for the quarter?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The dollar utilization for the quarter was at 50--
Unidentified Company Representative: 52.9%.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: And how's that compared to last year?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Its stand about three points.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: It's sound great. And then Marty in the past you have talked about the RPB basket being about a billion dollars. Is that based on bond levels and if so is the bank agreement a little bit more restricted than that?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes that is exactly correct the basket now is somewhat over $1 billion slightly over $1 billion the baskets that are in our bank revolvers about half that size.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: All right. And then lastly the improvement I guess in margins the expected margins from the new guidance and also the free cash flow did that have anything to do with faster realization of some of the savings or an increase in the savings and also can you just sort of tell why you expect free cash flow to go up?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, free cash flow is of course cash from operations minus CapEx so that extend, we are spending less CapEx than a year ago that's a factor. We definitely are benefiting from the less cash taxes in the new tax act that's just passed. So I think you know, that's the nature of this business is that when you rate in the fleet free cash flow goes up.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: With regards to the cost savings yes, sir, absolutely having an impact on our profitability and we have... we have spoken about that we are focused on that and we continue to focus on our costs savings as we go forward to improve our EBITDA.
Christopher Daugherty - Oppenheimer: All right. Thank you, gentlemen.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Matt Vitorioso of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Matt.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. I was wondering if you just comment on edge of the fleet I think it ticked up a bit to 39 months how so you see that playing out over the balance of the year given the reduction in fleet CapEx and then balance with defected [ph], I think you said the expected sale a little bit more of the older equipment how do you see that playing out?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Obviously, we expect to be in the range of 39 and 40 months and we are... why wouldn't that rage as we go to the balance of the year our objective is to really sell the oldest fleet and we will continue to do that and we have been very fortunate that most of the fleet that we sell to our fleet management process is an excess of seven months and we continue along that process.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I was just hoping to get a little more visibility I mean you have reduced your guidance for CapEx year-over-year its $715 million, is there anyway that you can give us a little more visibility on how that plays out like do you expect second quarter the different to sort of a free cash flow negative quarter versus this year was a nice increase in free cash flow year-over-year, how do you see that playing out over the next couple of quarters?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well we don't forecast our cash flow, but what I will say is that typically as you buy more equipment you would have a tendency to have reduce your cash flow in usually first and second quarter going into the third, and really pickup a lot of positive cash flow in the fourth quarter and that's how that plays out.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Right, right, Okay. And then lastly just sort of more philosophically as you guys continue to contemplate certain actions you might take for shareholders etcetera. How do the interest of bondholders play into that decision just given where we are sort of in the business cycle and the state of the markets today?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well you point out that there is lot of flexibility for the company on our balance sheet and there is a lot of complexity associated with all different options. We having said all that I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment or speculate on what we may or may not do.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Phil Volpicelli with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning. With regard to the cash that is on the balance sheet of 5.15 and the potential shareholder from the actions. Give us a sense of when that might occur is there a timeframe that we should think of it, is it 2008 event, is it 2009 event?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, I think the board continues to evaluate options as Michael mentioned is a complex area. I think as we disclosed in the past the holders of the C&D preferred have consent right for any kind of traction that will be of any size. And so that's an additional factor on top of the baskets. So it's really very difficult to say what timing might be for any kind of a major use of the cash.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Marty could you comment if you had discussions with the C&D preferred shareholders?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No it's appropriate, appropriate for us to comment on any kind of conversations that might have gone on.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Understood. With regards to the consolidation of site is it a hard rule that you guys are using to figure out, which site should be consolidated and are there more consolidations to be contemplated?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Sure we constantly have a list of what we call underperforming branches that we look at, and we challenge ourselves can we serve that market with fewer pieces of real estate. We don't look at it is necessarily existing a market, as much as we do using the resources that we have in a better way, so as Michael mentioned when we calls the branch the bulk of the fleet in that branch typically gets reallocated to surrounding branches and we try to serve the market in that way.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Andare you willing to comment on the percent of your fleet that's not ready at the moment?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Basically it's about flat from what it was at the end of the fourth quarter which is about just a shy about 10%... 10.3%.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Great. Okay. And then I am going to ask a question, forgive me that everyone else has been dancing around. Would you approve offering fleet for free to customers to win share or did you approve to offer fleet for free to win share?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: I am not aware where we one... probably from the comment but, you know I know where this questions are coming from and you know we are not in the business of giving our free fleet.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Great, thank you very much. Good luck.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Sundar Varadarajan. Please excuse me for miss pronunciation with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sundar Varadarajan - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Hi, just going back to the CapEx guidance, you taken a somewhat more conservative view of your end-markets and given the lack of visibility taking a cautious view here, but left your CapEx guidance kind of virtually unchanged. Could you give us some color on what percentage of your CapEx spend this year is actually maintenance versus growth, and how much more flexibility or do you have in terms of reducing your CapEx spend even further?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well right now as it stands we have about $583, 85 million this replacement CapEx based on the sales that we have. We had about $15 million of growth that really is a function that was just the inflationary costs of the replacement and then we've got lease buyouts and we've got non-rental CapEx, which makes up the balance, non-rental is some of our vehicles, as well as some of our real estate improvements. So with regards to the flexibility that's one of the levers that we can pull, but right now given the market conditions as we see it we are going to maintain our capital outline.
Sundar Varadarajan - Deutsche Bank: So by spending about 580 of CapEx on replacement type CapEx you expect to keep your fleet age at this 38, 39 month level is that fair?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Yes, it's between 580 and 600 just round it but yes.
Sundar Varadarajan - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Emily Shanks. Your line is open once again.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Emily.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Hi, thank you for taking my follow-up. I think you've commented on the restricted payments in the bank and bond debentures, but just to be clear there is a restricted payments provision and the C&D preferred that's about $100 million is that correct?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it's a consent right, and it is roughly 7.5% of our market cap which is a number that's slightly larger than $100 million right now.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Okay. And then could you just give us an update is the CEO search still in play right now?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: This is Mike, yes it is. The Board is very active and doing our due process going through that still a candidate, but they are working through that.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Okay. And then if I could just one last one, as we look at what the absolute number of contractors supply sales were is that a pretty good run rate that we're assuming of this year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: We hang on one second... go ahead Chris.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, hi this is Chris Brown speaking, for full year 2008 we are expecting contractor supply sales of about $230 million, which is up slightly from our original guidance.
Emily Shanks - Lehman brothers: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question or comment is a follow-up from the line of Philip Volpicelli with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open again sir.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Just with regard to equipment costs new equipment costs clearly the market is weakening in North America, you guys are one of the largest purchasers, but we've got steel prices can you give a sense or are you getting better deals on equipment right now, or steel prices eating into any benefit you might have?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: This is Mike. Obviously on some of the products we buy were getting favorable. Overall, we are going to see anyone between zero to 2% in that range and we... no to your answer your question specifically, we have not seen anything related to steel prices with regards to our... our prices coming to us.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: So,zero to 2% better than last year or zero to 2% worst in price increase?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: I would say it's about price increase just because some of it, and we're changing some of the products.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: One, two some of the options in which we bring in and so it's about a 1% to 2% price increase put inflationary factor you would say.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: That was a last question and I am going to close this off. Well first I want to thank everybody for taking the time out for our first quarter earnings call. We are clearly making progress. We've only just begun. We believe that with the effort or EBITDA can be the best-in-class. We will focus on our core business of rental. We are doing a better job at fleet management, sales force effectiveness, and controlling costs these are within our control and we are committed to focusing on improvement. With that I would like to thanks everybody and look forward to the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's earnings conference. We do again thank you or your participation. You may now disconnect at this time. Good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael J. Kneeland - CEO Martin E. Welch - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital David Raso - Citigroup Scott Schneeberger - CIBC World Markets Corp Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs Philip Gresh - JP Morgan Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the United Rentals, Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Investor Conference Call. Please be advised that this call is being recorded and is copyrighted by United Rentals Inc. Before we begin, the Company has asked me to remind you that many of the comments made on today's call and some of the responses to your questions will contain forward-looking statements. United Rental's business and operations are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, any of which are beyond its control and consequently actual results may differ materially from those projected by any such forward-looking statements. A summary of these uncertainties is included in the Safe Harbor statement contained in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings release. For a fuller description of these and other possible uncertainties, please refer to the company's annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2007, as well as to the subsequent filings with the SEC. You can access the company's press releases as well as its SEC filings on the company's web site at www.unitedrentals.com using the link captioned access Investor Relations. Please note that United Rentals has no obligation and makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events, circumstances, or changes in expectations. During the conference call, references will be made to free cash flow and the EBITDA, each of which is a non-GAAP term. Speaking today for United Rentals is; Michael Kneeland, Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Welch, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kneeland. Mr. Kneeland, you may begin.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me is Marty Welch, our Chief Financial Officer and other members of senior management team. Now I will open the call today with two words, focus and plan. These two words are the heart of our message. They are the driving force behind the solid numbers we reported last night. Marty will go over the results with you in a minute, but first I'd like to pull back the curtain and full look at the powerful plan behind the results. Our strategy gets equal billing with our results today because we believe our record EPS for 2007, and our record EBITDA are just a beginning of what we can achieve. Last month on our guidance call, I spoke briefly about the strategic plan we initiated last June. Essentially we did a complete recalibration of the business to take the emphasis of top line growth and we place it with an overwriting objective of achieving profitable growth. It really was a fresh start for our company. Our new strategy calls for stringent cost controls, more profitable management of our equipment fleet, and a refocus on our core equipment rental business. This is absolutely the right strategy for our company. Equipment rental is what we do best, it is and always has been a high margin business for us. It's where we have numerous competitive advantages, including serving more than 900,000 customers each year. It's an important point because we are in a repeat business, where customer retention is key. Our employees know that they have to earn their business everyday and show our customers why we are better option on every rental. In 2007, 93% of our rental revenues came from existing customers. This year, I think it's fair to say that we are cautiously optimistic about our end-markets. We used a number of external sources for forecasting and they largely predict flat to modest growth in non-residential construction spending in 2008. We have our ear to the ground and we are hearing the same kind of things from our customers and our branch managers. That's on a national level. Regionally we are seeing some sizeable variations between markets. Demand for construction equipment in the Southeast and Southwest regions remained soft throughout 2007, and it looks like it will stay that way for at least the first half of 2008. South Florida and California are particularly weak. We are deliberately reducing our fleet levels in these areas. By contrast our Rocky Mountain region and both aerial regions realized the greatest year-over-year improvement in time utilization and the highest percentage of OEC on rent. We have good project diversity right now in aerial including long-term jobs and energy infrastructure, and the entertainment sectors. Our Gulf regions is another area where demand improved in 2007, and so far the Gulf seems to be on track for more of the same this year. Canada as a whole continues to be success story for us. Our Canadian business accounted for 11% of our rental revenues in 2007, which equates to 14% growth rate for the year on a constant currency basis. Western Canada is particularly strong which contributes to the performance of our Rocky Mountain and our Northwest regions. If we see the market begin to soften in 2008, we'll make adjustments, but right now all signs point towards continued strong demand in Western Canada. Now I want to mention residential construction since the subject always comes up on these calls. When home building is down as it is now, we feel it more sharply in California and our trench safety business. That was the case in 2007 and continues to be that case in our current quarter. But, overall residential construction accounts for only 10% of our business, so the effect is marginalized in most of our regions. Looking at our trench safety, pump and power segment, we achieved 2.8 percentage increase in revenues, and 25.6% operating margin. Now some of that came from cold starts, but the bigger picture is that our trench business, which gets most of its revenue from infrastructure projects was able to tap into more of this business in 2007, and we are expecting another year of moderate growth in this segment. While look at the full scope of our business, we are simply not seeing any signs of broad based slowdown yet. That said, we are watching the situation very closely, but everything we've heard and experienced up to this point tells us the construction experts are correct. We believe like they do, that non-residential construction will continue to show flat to moderate growth in 2008, and if it doesn't we are prepared to deal with that. We spent the last six months establishing excellent platform from, which we pursue profitable business at any market environment. Now I would like to take the next few minutes to give you some insight into our strategic process. We started early last year that's when we took a hard look at our business and decided we could do better. As you know United Rentals had an explosive first decade and a rapid rush at the top of our industry. Our primary focus was on driving growth and creating critical mass. Over the last several years we tried our hand at some revenue building initiatives like contractor supplies and became somewhat distracted from our core business. Our business model simply was not operating at full potential. To remedy that we put our entire operation under a microscope, nothing was off the table, when it was over, we knew exactly what had to be done to accelerate our earning power. We communicated that to our employees and gave them a target to take put our hands around. $500 million of incremental annual EBITDA within five years. We wanted our employees to see cost control and fleet management, and the rental business focus as mean to this end. This entire process involves some very difficult, but necessary decisions. We reduced our headcount by 1,100 employees which is about 9% of our workforce. We are in service business and we don't take workforce reduction lightly. We made the cuts with the full involvement of our fleet operators, and our corporate mangers. The people most knowledgeable of our customer expectations. Now as a result the process was largely invisible to our customers, service levels remains high and internally we maintained our standards for safety and quality of work. In fact, in 2007 was the safest year on record for our company with the lowest recordable rate in our history. We also undertook 360 degree optimization of our branch network. We evaluated all our branches every year, but this time our yardstick was reconfigured to EBITDA among other benchmarks. We closed 19 branches by the end of March, and put most of those assets to more profitable use, and we continue to watch for chronically weak links in our network. Our branch managers understand our goals. Last month, we introduced new compensation plans that align management incentives more closely with building shareholder value. These new comp plans are important reinforcement for the strategy that's already in place. In fact, we are tearing down the walls to constrain fleet utilizations. Our rental fleet will be managed as pull of asset available to drive all branches instead of all customers. Branch managers are looking now beyond their four walls to share equipment. Our sales people are no longer diverted to selling contractor suppliers, instead they are focus on growing our rental business. Our goal is to make these rentals as profitable as possible. We expect to loose about one point of rate this year, as the construction environment tightens, time utilization should more than offset any rate decline as it did this last year. In 2007, time utilization our larger fleet increased 2.5 percentage points to 64% for the year. Our rates decline by 1.1%. Let me tell you some of these actions we took to achieve these results. First we leveraged our technology and developed new analytics related to our fleet, this helped our districts and branches allocated implement to areas working, work harder for us. In 2007, on an average, we transferred 58% more fleet per quarter to branches in high demand, and areas where we are at high margins. For our current quarter, we are on pace to double our equipment transfers compared to 2007. Second we are very focused on turning equipment or around more quickly when it comes to our frame. We are not clearly as productive as we could be on this, but we made strides in certain areas. Our PM currency rate, which measures how much of our fleet is in compliance will required maintenance task, improved significantly and we are now running over 90%. A third way, we are managing our fleet is to CapEx allocations. We plan to buy about $630 million of fleet this year. This includes $100 million of growth capital for our strongest markets balanced by $85 million of defleeting and markets that don't justify their asset levels. In the past, our branch managers have submitted CapEx request on yearly basis. For 2008, we've moved to a quarterly system to allow us to respond more quickly to market opportunities. All of these activities are taking place in the field right now, with district over site and corporate support. Internally, we've got a dedicated team focused on driving efficiencies throughout the business. Our SG&A ratio is under intense scrutiny. Out sourcing initiatives, which Marty will talk about in a minute has significantly brought down the price of non-fleet purchases over the past 16 months, and is on track for an estimate $23 million of incremental savings this year. We've made great moves, but this is just a beginning. Many of the gains we made in 2007 came late in year, when we have a lot on our plate with the service deal. Nevertheless we remain focused on our plan and we delivered one initiative after another. We emerged from 2007 as a stronger, more energized company with renewed emphasis on operations. We are running more efficient, more profitable business today. We are managing our fleet better. We are listening to our customers and responding to their needs. I can assure you that we will continue to execute this plan from this platform of strength for the foreseeable future. Now, before I ask Marty to review our financials, let me mention a couple of things. Our Board of Directors is currently fulfilling it fiduciary responsibility on two fronts. First, as noted in our earnings release, the Board is engaged an outside firm to perform a search for the CEO. This is clearly the right time to identify the best possible executive to lead United Rentals. I am pleased to be among the candidates on the consideration at the Board's request. Now, on a more fundamental issue of shareholder value, our company just came off an excellent year in a very good position. Nevertheless, our stock continues to be seriously undervalued by the market and the Board is considering all viable means of enhancing shareholder value. Regardless of any conclusions the Board may reach, the strategic focus of United Rentals remained on our equipment rental business. We are all on the same page on this. That being said, we don't intend to comment further on the Board activities on this call. So please keep that in mind when you ask your questions. And with that, I will now turn the microphone over to Marty for the financial review, and then we'll take some questions. Marty.
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Michael and good morning everyone. Michael has discussed some of our highlights for this year, as well as the new strategy we put in place. This strategy which includes an intense focus on our core business of equipment rentals, more profitable management of our rental fleet and continued execution of our cost containment initiatives, contributed to our record fourth quarter and full year EPS and EBITDA performance in 2007. Looking forward to 2008, we expect the continued execution of this strategy to deliver another strong year. Now, I will discuss our results for the quarter and full year and review our outlook for 2008. Before I get into the details, let me say that my remarks this morning exclude the benefit related to the $100 million we received following the recent termination of our merger agreement with Cerberus. We are pleased with our progress on several fronts, which are focus areas for our business and yardsticks we use to objectively assess our effectiveness in executing our new strategy and delivering on our target to generate 500 million in incremental annual EBITDA within five years. First, equipment rentals, rental revenue increased 4.1% for the fourth quarter and 4% for the full year 2007, as improved time utilization on a larger fleet more than offset rental rate declines. For the full year, time utilization improved 250 basis points to a record 64%. Additionally, same store rental revenues increased 3.7% for the fourth quarter and 3.1% for the full year. Looking forward to 2008, we expect time utilization to improve another 200 basis points, again more than offsetting an expected 1% decline in rental rates. Second, SG&A, our SG&A rate improved 80 basis points to 16.2% for the fourth quarter and 90 basis points to 15.9% for the full year 2007. I will talk more about this in a moment, but our targeted SG&A rate which we think is achievable within five years is about 13%. Third, EBITDA. EBITDA increased 9.3% to a record $318 million for the fourth quarter and increased 8% to a record 1.17 billion for the full year. Additionally, our EBITDA margin improved 320 basis points to 34.2% for the fourth quarter, and 160 basis points to 31.4% for the full year. We expect continued expansion of our full year EBITDA margin in 2008, as we further improve time utilization, and continue to focus on rationalizing our cost structure. Now, looking at consolidated profitability, full year equipment rental gross margins of 38.7% decreased 20 basis points compared to the prior year, as the impact of increased rental costs and lower rates were only partially offset by improved time utilization. Looking forward to 2008, we expect our rental gross margins to improve about 70 basis points compared to 2007. Contractor supplies gross margin were 19% on the year, down 260 basis points compared to the prior year. The year-over-year decline reflects pricing pressure as well as a shift in mix as we sold a higher proportion of lower margin commodity type products in 2007, in line with our strategy to reduce our inventory levels. year-over-year, we have reduced our inventory levels by $37 million or 38%. For 2008, even though we expect total contractor supply sales to decrease by about 40%, our actual gross profit dollars will decline only modestly. This is because we expect our gross margins in this business to increase as we focus on higher margin products that are complementary to our core equipment rental business and further consolidate, and also we further consolidate our distribution network. Turning to used equipment sales. Our used equipment sales were down about 5% year-over-year and our gross margins declined by 300 basis points. The declining gross margin primarily reflects the sales of certain distressed and underutilized assets in the fourth quarter. For 2008, as we improve our fleet management, focus on maximizing cash flows over the life of an asset and more efficiently manage our CapEx budget, we expect used equipment sales to decline by about one-third. SG&A of $595 million was 15.9% of revenue for the year, an improvement of 90 basis points compared to 2006. On an absolute dollar basis, SG&A expenses actually decreased $18 million, reflecting reduced professional fees, the initial benefits of our cost savings initiatives and reduced incentive compensation. During the fourth quarter, SG&A of $151 million was 16.2% of revenue, an improvement of 80 basis points year-over-year, and on an absolute dollar basis, expenses declined by $9 million for the quarter. As Michael mentioned earlier, we put our operations under a microscope in 2007, and I am proud to say we emerged from that process with very specific plans to reduce our cost levels. I would like to spend a little time here to discuss those initiatives. We have a strategic sourcing initiative, which will lower our non-equipment related spent, a headcount reduction program, and other discrete projects, all of which are designed to reduce our cost. First, let me discuss SSI. We realized about $22 million of cumulative savings in 2007, and expect to realize an additional $23 million in 2008 and another $27 million in 2009. Let me give you an example. We recently renegotiated our network in long distance rates and consolidated them with one vendor. As part of this new plan, we will be upgrading our T-1 lines and still realized annual company-wide savings of about $2 million. Another example, we have implemented a new wireless program with our career, where we now pool all of our minutes and save about $24 per month on each of our thousands of wireless devices. Another example is our shipping spend. Our small package volume is over 600,000 packages a year. By consolidating the spend with one vendor, we were able to negotiate better rates and saved about $6 on each and every package set, representing about $3.6 million in the aggregate, and we also have better controls. Now, when our part suppliers send packages to our branches, they insist that they use our preferred vendor. I can go on, but the point is we are focused and recognized there is significant opportunity to leverage our non-equipment spend the way we have already leveraged our equipment spend. Of the $70 million of total SSI savings, about two-thirds relates to cost of goods sold and the balance relates to SG&A. In terms of headcount reductions, as Michael noted, we conducted an exhaustive review of our operations and reduced our workforce by 9% or about 1,100 people. And just as importantly, we eliminated these costs without impacting customer service. We expect this reduction to contribute about $55 million to $59 million of annual savings. Of this figure approximately 20% relates to SG&A and the balance will be reflected in the cost of goods sold. In terms of other cost saving initiatives, we have identified about 120 individual projects. In the aggregate, we expect these projects to deliver about $70 million in savings over the next three years. For each of these items, we have identified a project owner, who is accountable for delivering these savings, and a number of these actions have already taken place. For instance in 2007, we eliminated our corporate jet fleet, contributing over $2 million in annual savings. Other items include the in-sourcing of our SOX compliance work, eliminating our NHL sponsorship, and reducing our T&E spend by implementing better controls in spending limit. Of these initiatives, approximately 90% relates to SG&A and the balance to cost of goods sold. Looking forward to 2008, we expect both our SG&A rate and our absolute level of SG&A spend to continue to decline. Our forecast for 2008 reflects a reduction of over $15 million and the absolute level of SG&A spend at an SG&A rate of 15.3%, as we realized further savings from these cost cutting initiatives. Beyond next year, we are driving toward continued improvement in this area with target SG&A rate of about 13%. Our continuing operations diluted earnings per share for the year was $2.76 of on a share account of about a 114 million shares, compared with $2.28 on the same share count in 2006. These earnings which excluded the $.50 per share merger benefit represent an improvement of 21% versus 2006. We believe the strategy we outlined will further drive EPS expansion in 2008. Looking at our consolidated cash flow for the year, our 2007 cash flow from operations, which includes the $91 million merger termination benefit was $859 million, compared $834 million in 2006. Excluding this item, our year-over-year decline is largely the result of a $67 million increase in cash taxes paid as we burn through our federal NOLs. Turning to capital expenditures for the year, we invested $870 million in our rental fleet compared with $873 million in 2006. Our non-rental CapEx for the year was $120 million, $42 million increase versus last year. Excluding the merger benefit, free cash flow for the year was $151 million as compared to $235 million last year. The decline largely realized to the increasing cash taxes paid. In addition to achieving strong free cash flow during the year, our EBITDA margins also improved. Our EBITDA margin of 31.4% for the year represents a 160 basis point improvement versus 2006. Now let's take a movement to review the balance sheet. Total assets were $5.8 billion, including the net book value of our rental equipment of $2.8 billion. Our total debt, including the subordinator convertible debentures at year end 2007 was $2.7 billion essentially unchanged from the prior year end. Our net debt however, decreased by $248 million or about 10% reflecting our strong liquidity position. Our current borrowing capacity under our revolver and accounts receivable securitization facility is about $810 million. Now before we open up the call for Q&A, let me summarize our expectations for 2008. Our EPS range is $2.80 to $3 per share. This is based on anticipated full year diluted share count of the same 114 million shares. This range does not reflect any provision relating to regulatory issues and related matters. Our revenue EBITDA and free cash flow guidance is as follows; rental revenue growth of 3% to $2.71 billion and total revenue of $3.53 billion. Our rental revenue expectations reflecting an improvement in time utilization partially offset by 1% rate decline, virtually no growth capital and modest growth in our end-markets. EBITDA of $1.17 billion to $1.21 billion representing an EBITDA margin of about 33.7%. We are forecasting a tax rate of 38% and approximately $325 million to $375 million of free cash flow after investing about $715 million in CapEx. In terms of our free cash flow guidance, we are in a process of reviewing the potential opportunity associated with the bonus depreciation provisions of the recently passed federal stimulus package, and we will update you in that matter during our first quarter call. So that summarizes our outlook. And now I would like to turn it back to the operator, Chris if you could begin the Q&A session. Question And Answer
Operator: : Thank you very much sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment is from the line of Christina Woo with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Thanks so much for adding the color that you did on the call. I was wondering with regard to pricing you are expecting pricing to be down 1% year-over-year, why take the pricing decline instead of just adjusting your fleet mix to tighten the fleet a bit more and keep pricing at least constant if not up a bit?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Christina, this is Michael, we do our budgets from the ground up to all of our branches, in fact we are taking and we are defleeting in specific market areas the ones I outlined as weak, and we are shifting the capital around and... but its built from the ground up, keep in mind we are also looking at going from more to a monthly mix, a larger monthly mix expanding that and as you do that you actually get some price compression.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Actually can you give me a little more color on why you get the price compression shifting it to the monthly mix?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Because when you go for longer term contracts, if you can imagine larger projects --
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Especially in the industrial clients for example.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yes industrial clients as well as larger projects you will get some pricing pressure on that. But, it's the right thing for the company that the contracts are out longer, there is less touch points so less cost control or less cost associated.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Right so what would you estimate then I know your revenue mix now is at 10% residential, maybe you got 20% in the infrastructure industrial type of work?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Right now the way in which we measure industrial, we measure industrial by SIC codes, so for actually doing business with a plant directly not building a plant or doing maintenance since or doing construction inside the plant.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Right.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Is running at 12% industrial, 10% is residential and the remainder would be related to non-residential construction.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: So for 2008, what do you see that revenue mix shifting to?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really hard to predict, but we are going to be focusing more on industrial customers, because of our broad footprint. We think we see that as an opportunity for us, and really just going after our still... our larger accounts we have got a national counts program out there, and a lot of our larger counts are still seeing '08 equal to '07 and we are...we want to go after more of the share of the wall.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Okay. What sort of estimates or what's your estimates assume in terms of the number of store locations for next year or 2008 versus '07 are you growing or shrinking location?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well it will be down on a year-over-year basis, so we just announced that we are taking 19 stores out of the first quarter. We have not announced any cold starts in our plan, we have we have no cold starts estimated it's not part of our strategy, that's not to say if there is an opportunity, we may do one our two, but the net number will come down.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But, you have comfortable giving us any sense for the full year then what we can expect to see?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: It's too early to tell; as we go through the year we keep everybody updated.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Christina Woo - Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you Ms. Woo. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Joel.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Scott, I am standing in for Joel, had to step out, I apologize. Just quickly on the quarterly run rate for the pricing, how does that progress through the year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: It went from the third quarter I believe it was 2.1, 2.2, if you hang on, one second I will pull the numbers up.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, this is Chris Brown just responding to the rate question there. So they were down 1.7%, they were up 1.7% in the first quarter and down 1.2 in the second quarter, down 2% in the third quarter, and as we disclosed in our earnings release for the fourth quarter our rental rates were down 2.1% as Michael mentioned earlier. We are forecasting them to be down at 1% in '08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then as far as SG&A margin, I know the longer-term goal as we get those to 13% and it looks like you add about 16% and in 2007 I mean are you kind of on a year-to-year progression, do you think this year is close to the 15 or is it 13.5, how do we get to that 13% margin build over the next five years, if you could just outline that for us?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think we said we expect '08 to be about 53.The 13 is I think is a longer term goal and it will require us to have growth in our top line and it's unclear when there be a down turn here, so I would be uncomfortable say exactly when that's going to happen, but I definitely do think but we can see how accretive to that as I said over the next 5 years.
Unidentified Analyst: : Okay great. And then just lastly on the end-market. So you are looking for those flow throughout the year or you kind of think, don't hang in there throughout the whole year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: We agree with the experts I mean we have double-digit growth throughout 2007, no one is projecting the end-market to grow and in fact we are actually seeing it come down and we are estimating somewhere between 3% to 4%.
Unidentified Analyst: : Thanks a lot.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you, Mr. Tiss. Our next question or comment is from the line of Matt Vitorioso Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us some color on the used equipment market, I think you said you expected the sale of equipment for you guys to be down 35% in '08. Does that assume any deterioration in the prices for used equipment that you guys are getting?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: No, it's not that really just, our fleet management, our life cycle process, identifying the essence that we want to sell for the business. So that has nothing to do with the market. Relative to the market, over the last four months, prices did have come down, however, having said that the most recent report published by Ross Associates [ph] actually saw a slight uptick and a results that we have seen form the most recent auctions in Florida, have suggested the prices were actually better than expected.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: So then if utilization doesn't trended exactly how you'd like throughout the year, you could probably continue that kind of lower the size of the fleet by selling into that market?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Sure that's one of the levers we have in these businesses. If we see the market go down significantly, do we want labors we can fall, is sell our fleet, but as we stand right now in our projections we are very comfortable with our fleet sales.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And just to hit the pricing again I mean it clearly looks like its trending down through out '07, your assumption over 1% decline in '08 I guess that means you are expecting it to turn positive maybe in the second half or what's the expectations there?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well we don't give quarterly guidance on rates, but what I can tell you is there is markets where there's opportunity and we are going to expand in that area and we are going to defleeting in the markets where we seeing softness.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Okay. And lastly just on the contractor supply business, it looks like you are going to be down to the four distributions centers by the second half of '08, I mean what's the longer term mean, is this business just, are you going to keep those four distributions centers, you think this business will be around in a couple of years or what do expect there?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well we are going down just the four distributions centers and we will recalibrate the business at that point, if in fact will probably we can drive some more efficiencies out of the business, we may take it down to one or two more. But, a real driver for the organization is not on contractor supplies. Our driver for the organization is focusing on our rental fleet and focusing on the rental business and that's going to be our main stay, that's where we are going to be focusing on as organization. And contractor supplies will be just an add-on, and will not be a significant portion of our business.
Matthew Vitorioso - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question or comment is from the line of Chris Doherty [ph] with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Chris.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, Marty.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry, Michael. A question for Marty, and I think you have already sort of spoke about this. You might have thrown a little kink in my question, but you mentioned deferred taxes, and potentially depreciation from a stimulus plan. Given that you plan to keep the fleet where it is or grow slightly, it actually seems to be down recently. What could we expect from the timing differences in depreciation? Do you expect to work through the differed tax increase on the balance sheet in this last quarter?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. What's happening is that we constantly have deferred taxes that are generated from new assets. Remember that even though we are not increasing the size of the fleet in '08, we are going to spend $700 million in CapEx. And so, those new assets will qualify for the bonus depreciation provisions in the stimulus act, which will give us a larger than normal, the tax to book depreciation advantage which will beef up deferred tax in '08 that we would not have otherwise expected.
Unidentified Analyst: And then Michael, a question for you. In terms of rental rate, I know your largest customer if you sort of aggregated all the government agencies together would be your largest customer. Do you have long-term rental rates with them, or those market based?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: They are market based, but it is a... we have a contractual. Obviously, we have a GSA contract with them. It is market based, but we have a set formula that we work for them.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright. That's it. Thank you, gentlemen.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Mr. Doherty. Our next question or comment is from the line from of Alvin Leo [ph] with Citigroup. Your line is open sir.
David Raso - Citigroup: Yes.Hi, it's actually David Raso here. Good morning. Quick question, in the channel, it seems, and correct me if I am wrong, that you are backing way a little bit from some of your at least within the mix of your historical fleet, your larger earthmoving equipment. Is that something I am picking up that's correct and I would think that might help alleviate some rental rate pressure for you, if... I mean you are running a big aerial fleet, but is there a conscious decision in '08 to move away from some of the larger earth moving, which might make your mix of rates better with how you're configuring the fleet?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well David, that is two things. One, we have on numerous calls been saying that we have been de-fleeting in that large arena. Yes, there is a lot of rate pressure that associates with the larger earthmoving equipment. We are going to be de-fleeting, but it's not going to be significantly. We did see about 2 percentage point decline in earthmoving, larger earthmoving on a year-over-year basis. Earthmoving is still going to be part of our product mix that we will offer, but we are not going to offer the large product mix that we've had in the past. It will be more of the smaller items.
David Raso - Citigroup: And when it comes to your rate projections for '08, can you give us a... I know it's a big generalization between all the portable compressors to earthmoving. But aerials versus non-aerials, when you look at our rate projection for the year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: We would expect to see aerial actually improve slightly on the year-over-year basis, just due to the fact that time utilization has been so high.
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. David, this is Martin. The 1% write down that we are talking about is actually the sum of our 11 regions, and we have a certain areas where we are expecting 3% to 4% rate improvement and other areas where we are expecting more than 1% rate decline, and the 1% decline is the net of all that, as built up for the ground up.
David Raso - Citigroup: Okay. I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Scott.
Scott Schneeberger - CIBC World Markets Corp: Hey. Good morning. Thanks. Could guys talk a little bit about what you are seeing geography to geography, and I am kind of curious about Canada. We saw you had a positive on currency. How are things up in the oilsands? How big is that now? And then if you could just touch on the regions in where things may be stronger or weaker? Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me just start with the weakest area, is obviously in the Southeast in the Southwest. It comes down to really two states, Florida and California, as I mentioned earlier on the call. And when you take a look at the areas where you see pockets of strength, it's the Gulf, it's the Rocky Mountain, it is the Northwest, it's all of Canada. And then we are seeing improvements both in the Midwest and then also in the Northeast. The Southeast, you have got our Southeast region goes all the way up to the Maryland border, all the way down to the Florida, and Florida is a large market. But having said that, and to answer your question, there is still a significant upside in Canada, and Canada as a whole was really a tale of few stories. Historically, we saw the western half much stronger and the east was not as strong. However, having said that, the energy-related projects that we are seeing in the pickups, Canada will be strong for all of '08. And then Alberta talking about the Rocky.... tar sands projects there still about over $200 billion worth of work up there.
Scott Schneeberger - CIBC World Markets Corp: Okay, thanks. And then just metric, I don't know how you track it, but fleet downtime things that are coming upfront and the time that takes to get back out on rent. Do you track that can just give us an idea of how you are tracking relative to your particular goals there? Thanks.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well, we were, historically we were... last year we were at 11, we are now at 10.7, it's an improvement, but it's not where we wanted to be. We wanted to be at 9%. We are not there yet, and we'll march towards that.
Scott Schneeberger - CIBC World Markets Corp: All right, guys. Thanks a lot.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question or comment is from the line of Philip Volpicelli with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Just with regard to the CEO search, is there a timeframe that must be completed by?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: I have no comment, I don't know how longer it will take, Philip, this is Michael. We just announced it, obviously, it will take some time regard to the candidates but that's really up to the board.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then with regard to the planning as laid out which sounds very good and attractive. What has been buy end from each of the different district leaders and is the managers of the branches?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: The direction of the organization is focusing on the rental business, as caution ally it went over, it is very positive. That's where all of us including myself, I have been in the industry since 1978. And rental was always our core business it's what we focused on. And that the other items such as new sales used sales was just an offshoot of our rental business. So it's really going back to our basics going back to what we know, and it has been received very positively throughout the field.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: That's great. In terms of the restricted payment capacity last call, I think you mentioned it was 970, and you had about $150 million of net income so are we at about a 1.50 billion now in terms of restricted payment capacity?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, this is Marty that's in the ballpark I wouldn't have said around $1 billion probably slightly above that and just to remind you that there are sub limits there are threshold payment levels contained in the indentures for our C and D preferred which would essentially limit payments to around a $100 million.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay, meaning you have to take those out before you could access the total $10.50 billion or--
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No it would have to be some kind of an accommodation with the others of the C and D preferred.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And have you begun conversation if I remember correctly those are tightly held I mean you have begun conversations with them or is that's something that's in the in plans?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That is something that's in the preview of our board and I am sure they are working as diligently as they can to increase shareholder value.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Understood and then with regard to the class action law suit that have been filed. Can you give us any update on where we are in that process? I know you can't comment on the results, but have you guys started discovery, have you sorted negotiations with, where do we stand on that?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we really don't comment to the level of the stages, I mean I think that the news, the cases are fairly new and as event occur that we think warrant disclosure would certainly do it.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then specifically with can you... I don't know if you are willing to do this or you want to do this, how bad the rate pressure was in your two weaker markets South Florida and California, can you just give it to us in numbers or just how much worse it was then what you saw what you recorded?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well we don't give that numbers out for other regions, we don't give that type of granularity out for various reasons obviously there are some competitors on the phone calls. We can take this offline.
Philip Volpicelli - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you very much. Our next question or comment is from the line of Matthew Oronsky [ph] with Citigroup. Your line is open sir.
Unidentified Analyst: : My question is already answered. Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: : Thank you sir. We have a follow-up question or comment from the line of Joel Tiss. Your line is open again sir.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hello Joel, how is it going?
Unidentified Analyst: Good. All right, do you have any sort of target on your age fleet or anything that you can give us just the guidance and the direction say by the end of '08 or end of '09?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: End of '08, Joel, we plan on being an up 40 months. Historically, we have always said we are very comfortable between 35 and 45 and we don't, we are not going to move from that, we are very comfortable within that range, so obviously if the market was to go down, we can age it out further put 40 months is what we are projecting for '08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and to follow up on what David was asking about before, can you talk a little bit about what are the sources of strength in the area work platform business, what are some of the end mark that you would highlights that are driving the strength in that business for the next twelve months?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: While the energy sector is very active. Larger projects, the entertainment industry, casinos, stadiums, large projects also some manufacturing, we have some manufacturing coming in from foreign investment. Those are the likely projects that we... large projects that we are actively on.
Unidentified Analyst: And are you seeing any trend changes on the municipal side, it seems that the municipalities are having a little bit more difficulty raising funds and maybe collecting as higher level of taxes as they were recently. Are you seeing any trends there that you can talk about?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't seen any, the latest report I saw from the government was projecting the infrastructures spending in that space to be up about 2.8 percentage points.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And last, can you give us some maybe like body language I would say on the CapEx because now you have added in this flexibility, and maybe you are going in a monthly ordering or quarterly ordering. And could you just give us any sense you are leaning toward, beating your CapEx, but spending more or spending less than where you are more on that not asking for forecast just sort of like body language a little bit, flexing with what's happening in the end market? Thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think what the Marty said, on the raise also goes back to the comment on CapEx. We build on ground offering that's with all the branches; they are projecting the anticipated work levels. We are probably seen movements with inside the company or we are not going to see a significant movement of for our CapEx other than we projected.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Phil Gresh with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Phil.
Philip Gresh - JP Morgan: Hey, guys. Quick question on the used equipment sales, can you talked about sales of distressed assets in the fourth quarter. So it is pretty margin there. How much did that affect the quarter and what you are looking at your margin in that business in '08?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. The decline in the fourth quarter year-over-year was entirely due to our stepping up to some distressed assets that we had. If you were to strip those sales out we would had a used margin rate that was comparable to our trend line. And as Michael mentioned we don't expect to see deterioration in that margin. We are moving forward to manage our fleet in accordance with our age and condition requirements.
Philip Gresh - JP Morgan: Okay. So you think you are pretty much through that that sales of distressed assets at this point?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, we continuously look at our fleet, but I think we were doing kind of special effort there at year end.
Philip Gresh - JP Morgan: Okay. And then just interims of the 500 million in incremental EBITDA over five years, appreciate the additional color in the cost side, but in '08 it looks like there going to be 20 million or so incremental according to your guidance. I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about maybe the trajectory that and how much was that based on cost cutting versus revenue growth etcetera?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.I think it's more than 20 million in '08. But the labor savings and loan is worth 50 million, but the point is that there is another price increases that we constantly face that are netted against that. I think directionally of the 500 million, roughly half of that we would kind of view as under our control, specific cost cutting initiatives that we have, and the remainder of it is going to require some top line growth and which we would then continue to maintain our cost at a controlled level and realized the reduction in rate as a result.
Philip Gresh - JP Morgan: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from the line of Ana Recinos with UBS. Your line is open.
Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, how are you?
Martin E. Welch - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: How are you?
Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS: Fine, how are you?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS: One last question I guess on the CapEx, just wondering, what types of price increases are declines you are expecting to pay on your new equipment purchases this year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Each year our fleet management team negotiates vigorously with our vendors. We are projecting this year, our prices to be flat on a year-over-year basis.
Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS: And what was the number last year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: That was up about two points.
Ana Carolina Recinos - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you. Our final question or comment comes from the line of Seth Weber with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities: Just real quick, on the used equipment, I am going back to that, have you guys started to exploit the opportunity of selling used equipment overseas or into some of the emerging markets and if not is that something that you think could hit the rate over this year?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well Seth, this is Mike. We participate in that arena through the auction houses. They are clearly set up for that, they do advertising across all of the other markets that you just mentioned. And that was the result of we saw the activity at Ritchie Auction and the out sign [ph] auction, the large auction down in Florida, where there was a tremendous amount of foreign investment and foreign buyers. So we really leave it up them. That's their strength and I'll go back to say what I said earlier. We are a rental company and we really need to focus on our rental and those experts who can sell the equipment that's what we are going to leave up to them to do.
Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities: Okay and would you say, just unbalanced that there is more tolerance to take older equipment in those markets I mean if you have a view on it?
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Well what I can tell you is the results that we have seen out of the most recent auction, where as we anticipated that the prices are actually came in much better than we anticipated. I mean a large impact of that was the influx of foreign buyers.
Seth Weber - Bank of America Securities: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you very much. I would like to turn the presentation back over to Mr. Kneeland for any closing remarks.
Michael J. Kneeland - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I want to leave you with this thought. In my 10 years at United Rentals I have seen firsthand how this company can do anything it sets its mind too. We have great people in place with our braches, and we have a powerful plan regarding our progress. We know we can capitalize and substantial upsize to our business in any market environment by making continued improvements in our cost structure and by harnessing the full earning power of the largest equipment rental fleet in North America. As we stand hear today we have excellent momentum and results to show for it. And you can expect this year more good news from us as the year progresses. So I want to close off by saying thank you for participating in this call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We again thank you or your participation. You may now disconnect at this time. Good day
