===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-25 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2025 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Welcome to Phillips 66 earnings conference call. Participants on today's call include Mark Lashier, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Don Baldridge, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our first quarter earnings call. During the quarter, we continued to execute on our transformational strategy and deliver returns to our shareholders. By staying focused on what we can control, we made important progress across our 2027 priorities. Improving refining operations, enhancing our NGL value chain and executing on our growth opportunities. Underpinned by the strength of cash flow contributions from our Midstream business, we returned $716 million to shareholders this quarter. We did this in a challenged macro environment in refining, renewables and chemicals. We also executed one of the largest spring turnaround programs in the history of Phillips 66 that impacted volumes and margins. These important investments position us well for the future. While our results reflect the challenges of this environment, our ability to return significant capital to shareholders demonstrates the strength of our integrated business model. We remain focused on strategy execution, disciplined capital allocation and cash returns to shareholders. Slide 4 shows how we continue to improve refining operations through targeted low capital, high return projects. These recent investments lead to greater feedstock flexibility and yield. Before I touch on some of these projects, I want to highlight the success of our spring turnaround program, which was completed safely, on time and under budget. Furthermore, our refineries not in turnaround this quarter ran well. These accomplishments would not have been possible without our employees unwavering dedication to operating excellence and safety. Thank you to the refining team. Well done. The bulk of the annual turnaround activity and associated costs are largely behind us, which you will see reflected in our guidance going forward. We are well positioned to capture upside in the market for the remainder of the year. During this quarter's turnarounds, we achieved meaningful project milestones. At the Sweeny Refinery, we removed constraints and enhanced crude flexibility. We now have an additional 40,000 barrels per day of heavy light crude switching capability. Depending on market conditions, we will run additional Permian barrels displacing imported heavy crudes. We expect this flexibility in a rapidly changing price environment will enhance long-term margins at this strategic refinery. Also at our Bayway facility, we completed a project that increases our FCC native feedstock capabilities, reducing the need for VGO imports. Both of these low capital and high return projects are enabling us to enhance market capture. We're committed to our Refining business. We have a clear path to increase operational run time, improve yields and reduce cost per barrel. Moving to Slide 5, Midstream is critical to our integrated strategy. It's a key growth driver and creates ongoing value for shareholders. We've made disciplined investments to build out our integrated wellhead to market strategy, a strategy that allows us to efficiently move products from the wellhead to high value end markets. This strategy provides significant stability to our financial results and adds material benefits to other segments. Our value chain creates optionality in product placement and supports reliable long-term cash generation. We acquired EPIC NGL on April 1st, which is immediately accretive and expands our takeaway capacity from the Permian. The acquired assets are highly integrated with the existing Phillips 66 asset base and provide long-term fee based earnings growth. This acquisition enhances our ability to offer producers unmatched flow assurance while expanding connectivity to end markets. We also continue to expand our natural gas gathering and processing footprint in the Permian Basin. Our Dos Picos II expansion plant, which was part of our Pinnacle acquisition strategy is expected to come online in the third quarter of 2025. Today, we're announcing the construction of another gas processing plant in the Permian. The Iron Mesa plant will serve Delaware and Midland Basin production and will be funded within our existing capital budget. The facility is expected to come online in the first quarter of 2027. Both of these projects are great examples of our highly strategic and selective investments at low build multiples. They contribute to our plan to organically grow Midstream run rate adjusted EBITDA to $4.5 billion by 2027. At Phillips 66, we've embraced a culture of continuous improvement and have taken decisive actions to create long-term value for our shareholders. Slide 6 shows some of the achievements over the past three years. We have divested more than $3.5 billion of non-core assets at high multiples, while making strategic acquisitions within Midstream at attractive multiples to build a world class NGL value chain. In Refining, we're improving competitiveness by optimizing our assets to align with long-term demand trends. We've made operational improvements throughout the portfolio and we've rationalized our footprint with the sale of Alliance, conversion of Rodeo and plan to cease operations and repurpose the land at Los Angeles. We have taken steps to execute on our transformational strategy and we will do more. We remain committed to maintaining safe and reliable operations, investing in high return growth opportunities and capturing integration benefits. We will return over 50% of net operating cash flow to shareholders through share repurchases and a secure competitive and growing dividend. Demonstrating this commitment, we recently announced a $0.05 per share increase in our quarterly dividend. Since our formation in 2012, the annual dividend has increased every year resulting in a significant 15% compounded annual growth rate. We have delivered over $14 billion to shareholders since July 2022. We will continue to create long-term value for shareholders as we execute on our 2027 strategic priorities maintaining operational excellence, pursuing disciplined growth, returning capital and ensuring financial strength. Now over to Kevin to cover the results for the quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. First quarter reported earnings were $487 million or $1.18 per share. The adjusted loss was $368 million or $0.90 per share. Both the reported earnings and adjusted loss include the $246 million pre-tax impact of accelerated depreciation due to our plan to cease operations at the Los Angeles Refinery at the end of 2025. The adjusted loss excludes the $1 billion pre-tax gain on disposition of our non-operated interest in Coop. We generated $187 million of operating cash flow and returned $716 million to shareholders, including $247 million of share repurchases. I will now cover the segment results on Slide 8. Total company adjusted loss increased $307 million compared with the prior quarter. Midstream results decreased mainly due to lower volumes because of the turnaround activity in Refining. This was partly offset by the impact of higher commodity prices benefiting gathering and processing results. Also during the quarter, the Sweeny Hub had record fractionation volumes of 650,000 barrels per day. In Chemicals, results increased mainly due to higher volumes and lower costs driven by turnaround activity in the prior quarter. Lower refining results reflect the impact of lower volumes and higher costs driven by turnaround activity and higher utility prices. This is partly offset by increased realized margins from higher market cracks. Marketing and Specialties results improved due to lower depreciation and higher margins in the international business. In Renewable Fuels, results decreased mainly due to the transition from blenders tax credits to production tax credits, inventory impacts and lower international results. Slide 9 shows cash flow for the first quarter. Cash from operations including working capital was $187 million. We received $2 billion from the sales of the non-operated equity interests in Coop and the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline. We paid down $1.3 billion of debt and returned $716 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We funded $423 million of capital spending. Our ending cash balance was $1.5 billion. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2025 on Slide 10. In both Chemicals and Refining, we expect utilization rates to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect turnaround expense to be between $65 million and $75 million. We anticipate Corporate and Other costs to be between $340 million and $360 million. Now we will move to Slide 11 and open the line for questions after which Mark will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Doug. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Well, thanks. Good morning or good afternoon everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I guess it is still morning sorry. Mark obviously there has been a lot of dialogue, a lot of backwards and forwards between yourselves and Elliott regarding the right structure for the business. I guess my question is, I had an opportunity to chat to you about this a month or so ago. And our understanding at least is you guys have looked at a lot of these proposals before and made decisions that are perhaps different. I wonder if you could share the extent of which you did look at some of these ideas that they're putting forward, for example, separating the Midstream and kind of rationalize why you came to a different outcome? I think everyone would probably like to hear your perspectives on that. I've got a quick follow-up please.
Mark Lashier: Sure, Doug. I welcome that question. And I think when we're talking about strategic alternatives or the strategy that drives the company forward, it really is important to understand the mindset of our board. And we've got a strong board. We've got talented board members that have deep experience. Many of them have deep experience in refining and energy and they have high expectations for us when it comes to, preparing and delivering strategic alternatives for them. And they expect a very detailed, intelligent overview of all the options available, and they want to fully understand the risks and the unintended consequences of any strategic actions that we might recommend. In fact, they want to understand the risks and the unintended consequences of not making strategic actions as well. So it's very comprehensive and it's not just some simple high level spreadsheet that they might rubber stamp. They are, I would put them in the classification of brilliant. They ask tough questions, and they deeply accountable. And my experience with the board really goes back to when I came back to Phillips 66 in 2021, and I was asked to prepare the strategic materials for our fall deep dive into strategy. And what we did is we took the board through scenario planning. Because if you remember back in '21, all the rates was Net Zero 2050. And so we span the whole spectrum from Net Zero 2050 to a scenario where the world, realized that there was a strong need over the long-term for hydrocarbons and we established milestones to track. And this analysis informed our strategic alternatives that then we did a deep dive on with the board members. And we've reviewed all of those options and refreshed our views on those options in the subsequent years. And I would say every board meeting, the board asks us strong questions around the strategy and the implementation of the strategy. What's changed? What's new? Should we move this way or that way? And we talk about our stock valuation and the evolving market conditions and the strategic alternatives. And we do this every board meeting. And then in the fall, again, we'll take them into another deep dive to review what's changed since the prior year, what is our most recent view of where we stand in those scenarios. And I'll tell you that one of the underlying principles of every discussion is that everything in our portfolio is for sale at the right price, but the board expects us to understand the full consequences if we should dispose of an asset or spin out a part of our company that they want to understand what's the impact on the remaining assets, what's the impact on the remaining company, what are the unintended consequences, where are all the financial impacts. And I'd say that some of the parts is a part of that discussion, but it's not always the total driver that discussion. One thing that we've learned and I believe many of you observe this as well is that really when you talk about the multiple a company realizes in the marketplace, it's really correlated strongly with earnings volatility. And that's why the Midstream business has become such an important part of our business. It generates very steady earnings and we've grown those earnings quite quickly from right around $2 billion of EBITDA a year to $4 billion and increasing. And so if there was a spinoff opportunity for that business, I will tell you that our board would be the first ones to challenge us to take a look at that and they have challenges to take a look at that. When you step back and look at our board, the people that we have on our board and the two new nominees that we have, amongst them, they've overseen more than $300 billion in major separation transactions during their careers. This includes sales and spinoffs. So Phillips 66 itself was the result of a spinoff. So John Lowe, one of our key members, has was involved in that and he's one of the architects of the spinoff. You've got the DowDuPont three way breakup into DowDuPont and Corteva. Our nominee, Howard Ungerleider, he was one of the architects of that and was right in the middle of all that in the decision making there. You look at United Technologies. That was a conglomerate that was broken. It went through a three way breakup into Carrier, Otis and RTX. Greg Hayes was the architect of that. And Abbott Laboratories spinoff into AbbVie. Glenn Tilton was right in the middle of that as well. So I would say that few, if any boards in this country have more experience in executing such transformational transactions than the Phillips 66 board. They know how to do it when it makes sense and they're challenging us every step of the way to explain to them what makes sense and what doesn't make sense. And I mentioned the split up of United Technologies, a conglomerate. That word's been used in the same sense as Phillips 66. And the first time I heard that, I thought, well, I thought I knew what a conglomerate was, but I better look it up to be sure. When I looked it up, there was nothing there that resembled Phillips 66. We are a hydrocarbon transporter and processor. We gather and transport hydrocarbons from the oil fields or from imports and we move those through our transportation assets, and we convert those materials into high value products that you use every day. And where there's the crude value chain or the NGL value chain, it's very synergistic and we're in the business of managing molecules, optimizing them every day. And if you look at what we have down at our Sweeny complex, all of those value chains come together in a deeply integrated way, whether it's the fractionators where we've got massive fractionation capacity. We've got 260,000 barrel per day refinery, 550,000 barrel per day fractionation capacity. There's three ethane crackers on that site owned and operated by CPChem. We've got 37 million barrels of capacity in 23 salt dome caverns at our Clemens Dome and we've got direct access to Freeport Export Terminals. And we leverage that infrastructure we leverage it in an integrated way every day, moving the molecules where they can create the most value. And we've got a commercial organization that trades around that information every day. So there is no hint of conglomerate in what we do. And if you look at the potential to spinoff businesses, the board also asked us to bring in third parties to get a cold eyes review of what we do. And we've hired the best investment banks out there to look at strategic alternatives. And when you look at the Midstream monetization specifically, the third-party independent analysis will tell you that there are incredible dissynergies, based on that deep physical integration, that there's massive tax burden that any spin would realize and that there are diseconomies of scale. We've got a very strong balance sheet as an integrated company. The balance sheets of RemainCo and SpinCo would be impaired compared to what we have today. You throw additional SG&A on those remaining businesses. And the public company costs, none of these things are fully reflected in a simple sum of the parts analysis. And so we take that into account and we make sure that our board understands every step of the way and is verified by independent parties. And then if you look at just you just heard in our narrative that the accomplishments we've had over the last three years, the board was front and center in all of those decisions. We took bold actions to make sure that we were in position to be successful over the long-term, the $3.5 billion of noncore assets. The only way we could define noncore assets is to have a well-defined strategy that was blessed by our board. That's how we define what is core and what is non-core. We expand our NGL wellhead-to-market strategy with the Pinnacle and EPIC acquisitions fully supported by our board. We sold the Alliance refinery. We converted Rodeo and we have planned to seize the Los Angeles refinery. Every one of those major strategic actions have been deeply considered, vetted and approved by our board. In Refining operations, we've improved utilization, we've raised clean product yield and reduced operating costs over the last three years. And we have plans for further progress. Again, part and parcel of our conversations with our board every time that we meet, every action that we take. And because of all these actions that we put in place with the blessing of our board, we believe there's substantial upside to our stock as we implement our 2027 strategic priorities. And we're going to maintain operational excellence, we're pursuing disciplined growth, and we're returning capital and ensuring financial strength. And I just finally the final point I want to make to be crystal clear on is we're making these strategic decisions at the board level, as we're making operational decisions at the operating and the management level, we are focused on data. We are focused on facts. We don't act out of fear or short-term trends. We act on what we believe will create the most long-term value for our shareholders each and every time. And I will tell you that since the activists launched their campaign in February, the investor sentiment around their thesis has become more and more negative, and they become more and more positive around the process that or the progress that we've made in our refining in all of our businesses. And so we believe we're in a strong position. We're committed to it and we're going to base it on data and facts going forward. So Doug thank you for that question and I look forward to your follow-up.
Doug Leggate: Well, I think first of all, Mark, thanks for the thorough answer. I think I've taken enough time. I want to be respectful to my sell-side colleagues. So I did have a follow-up, but I'll pass it back. Thanks so much for the answer.
Mark Lashier: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. John, please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Tough to follow that back and forth, but maybe I'll go with a balance sheet question. So, you're remaining well above your target at 38%. You got the big turnaround quarter for the year in the rear view and you also have a potential asset sale coming, which is good. But also the macro environment remains uncertain. So, my question is, what do you view as your path to getting back to 30%? And does the path include maybe, buying back a little less stock than your framework would otherwise imply?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. John, it's Kevin. Let me respond to that question. It's a very valid question. It's one we put a lot of focus on. We have targets on leverage, the 30%. The real target that I focus on is the $17 billion absolute debt level. That's what I'm and the 30% becomes an output because it's a measure of debt and equity as you know. And so our expectation is that between the cash that comes in from disposition of assets and some improvement in the overall operating environment from where we were in the fourth quarter and the first quarter combined with in Refining now being very well set for the remainder of the year to run at high utilization and you combine that with some margin recovery, which we have seen as you look into April, we're seeing margins that are sort of $3 to $4 per barrel higher than where we were on average in the first quarter then that should position us quite well in terms of being able to make progress on debt reduction. I'd love to hit that $17 billion number by the end of this year. I can't guarantee that will happen. It will be dependent on where operating cash flow comes out. But the overlay here is we're still committed to the 50% or more cash returns to shareholders in terms of operating cash flow. So that's the sort of basic criteria around returning cash to shareholders, 50% or more of operating cash flow and at the same time, through hopefully strong cash generation and proceeds from asset dispositions be able to make progress on debt reduction.
John Royall: Great. Thank you, Kevin. And then my next question is on renewables. This was a little bit of a noisy quarter with the PTC coming into effect mid-quarter. Can you help us really as detailed as you're willing to be on what the post-PTC world kind of looks like in your renewables business. If you could give us any kind of sense for maybe the proportion of production that's eligible and how much you expect to receive on a per gallon basis based on your current feedstock slate, that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, John, let me first just clear the first quarter result because that was a -- it was somewhat of a messy result to be honest. And let me just walk through what drove that and then Brian will give a bit of the sort of forward expectations around it. So we had a significant drop from fourth quarter to first quarter. The transition from BTC was a significant impact. It was the largest driver of that drop. But we also had LIFO inventory impacts from drawing down low CI feedstock inventory where the LIFO rate exceeded market prices. That was about a $60 million hit in the first quarter. And then also in international, the recognition of the UK credits, these are the RTFC credits is not ratable. So we recognized about $50 million of those in the fourth quarter we did not have any credit recognition in the first quarter. And so when you put all those things together, you get back to why the result was where it sits. So maybe Brian can give a forward look.
Brian Mandell: Yes. So I would say it's hard to provide guidance for Q2. And you can tell I'm losing my voice, so I'm going to try as hard as I can. But with so many outstanding policy issues, including the tariffs and the RVO for RINs that hasn't been set yet, it's difficult, but we believe the RVO will need to strengthen the D4 RIN the Biodiesel RIN to continue to provide an incentive for RD production and margins continue to be challenged even in April and the current market has us running the plant at reduced rates. And in terms of tailwinds, there are some tailwinds. We were seeing our biodiesel plants closing given the tight margins and we've also seen demand for renewable diesel firming and that's a seasonal firming of demand. And finally we look forward to collaborating with the administration to support US manufacturing by addressing the unintended consequences of tariffs on feedstocks, given international RD imports to the US are untariffed, which disadvantages domestic producers like Rodeo.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Roger, please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Maybe just to kick this off, update on where you are on kind of final asset dispositions. I think there's still some stuff in retail, maybe something in the Midstream space.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Roger, it's Kevin. So as you know we've done $3.5 billion of dispositions to-date. So we're ahead of the target that we laid out back in almost a couple of years ago I guess. The major item we're still working is the Europe retail, so the Jet, Germany, Austria, that is a very active process. And I know I've said this several times, but we are legitimately in-depth negotiations on that and hope to have some updates soon.
Mark Lashier: Yes. This is Mark, as far as other asset dispositions, we have other assets that we would define as noncore, nonoperated assets. Many of them are in the midstream. We're not going to name any specific assets. But certainly we know what the value of those assets are and we know that there are potential buyers out there.
Roger Read: And as a follow-up on that, how should we think about the use of cash flows or cash raised, I guess, maybe I should say from those asset sales at this point. Do you see it, Kevin, as you were talking earlier in terms of return of capital to shareholders or is most of this targeted for debt reduction?
Kevin Mitchell: I would expect most of this to be debt reduction. And think of the cash returns to shareholders being the relative to operating cash generation. So a different part of the cash flow statement driving the cash returns.
Roger Read: Okay. And then if I could just toss in one more if that didn't count as my follow-up, Jeff, I apologize if I'm violating the rules. But heavy maintenance Q1 in refining very low in Q2. Were you essentially wrapped up as we started Q2 or is there a little lingering into Q2 that we should think of within that mid-90s guidance.
Richard Harbison: Yes. This is Rich, Roger. Thanks for the question. The Q1 was the heavy concentration of the turnaround activity. And you can tell by the guidance that we provided for the second quarter there that there is a little bit of linger that comes from quarter-to-quarter, but it's certainly winding down in the second quarter and you see that in the overall guidance.
Roger Read: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Good morning, team. Can you help us better understand how some of these LPG exports will have to reset to accommodate around tariffs because I think you were sending like 48% of our ethane to China and about 22% of propane to China. So how do these NGL exports now reset globally to work around the tariffs?
Brian Mandell: Hey, Manav. This is Brian. I'd say like you said the majority of China's LPG supply, which is primarily propane comes from the US tariffs will likely alter those routes for Chinese LPG supply, it's possible that China could get their supply from the AG, from Australia, from Southeast Asia. And then the US will just supply, it will backfill the hole left by those reasons just rerouting trade flows. And maybe bringing it back to our assets, our Freeport LPG is mostly termed up, and we haven't seen any FOB cancellations for cargoes. We also have a strong international trading team and that they manage delivered cargoes, which allows us to capture additional value and optimize the Freeport Exports when we see changes to fundamentals or when we have market dislocations like those caused by tariffs.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up here is on the polyethylene chain margin. It was weaker even before the tariffs were announced. And again some portion of polyethylene reason definitely moves to China, made into products and sold back into US. Those flows cannot be sustainable with the tariffs. So your medium-term outlook for the polyethylene chain margin here.
Mark Lashier: I think that there certainly is pressure from the tariff situation. Purchasing decisions are going to be impacted. I do believe that CPChem has minimized their exposure to China. And they've also -- they've got the ability to source material from the Middle East similar to the propane discussion. And so there would be rebalancing. But no, it's certainly that clear that tariffs do -- the uncertainty around tariffs causes people to slow down their decision making, you see that across the economy.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thank you. Appreciate the thorough answer to the question around some of the parts. Kevin, I had a follow-up for you around the Midstream side of the equation because that's where I think there's been a lot of focus around you built a good business, does it make sense to try to monetize it. And I think you made a comment that there's significant tax leakage around monetization. Is that in the case of a spin as well? And then can you provide a little bit more detail or help us quantify a framework for thinking about tax leakage associated with Midstream monetization.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil, the tax hit is in the context of a sale of the business. A spinoff you would expect would be structured in a tax-free manner. And so I would expect minimal tax implications from a spin. But in terms of an actual disposition of the business. It is a significant tax effect because the majority of those assets were constructed or acquired during a period where we had accelerated depreciation. So the tax basis is extremely low. So just to put some context around that, you can, depending on what number you use for valuation, and there's a $50 billion number that's out there that would drive a $10 billion tax hit to sort of quantify what we mean by significant tax impacts.
Neil Mehta: Got it. And then there's no clear offsets that you could put against that, it sounds like?
Kevin Mitchell: Not that I'm aware of.
Neil Mehta: Okay. All right. And then the follow-up for the team is really on the Refining side. It's obviously challenging conditions in Q1, but you guys are going to be running better here in Q2. Just love your thoughts on the path back to mid-cycle. And one of the factors that suppressing profitability has been the tightness of WCS. Just how do you guys see that moving from here as we work through turnaround? And can that be a tailwind?
Brian Mandell: Hey, Neil, it's Brian. I'll try to get this out. Just on market outlook and maybe the caveat is geopolitics and the slowing economy make everything hard to predict. But what we've seen, Kevin has mentioned this, US margins in April are firming a good bit, and you can see that in our market indicator. We're estimating about 1 million barrels worth of global refining capacity shutting this year and most of that rationalization will be in the US and in Europe. And in fact if you look out through the end of the decade, we only show about 300,000 barrels a day of net additions per year and we're likely to see that number to continue to decrease. But on gasoline, we're forecasting global gasoline demand to be about 0.5% up for the year and US gasoline demand to be up about 1%. If you took a look at first quarter, that was 1.1% year-on-year growth in the US. Lower pump prices, good unemployment numbers, less working from home, all contributed to that strength. US gasoline inventories are now currently at about five year averages. And our current gasoline supply outlook is for those inventories to continue to tighten, particularly as we get in gasoline season and particularly in the US. On the distillate side, we see demand globally up about 1%. And in the US, up about 2% for the year. Part of the demand increase will come from lower biodiesel and renewable diesel production driven by the weaker renewable margins. And also there's a shift to Mediterranean ECA fuel in May, which will help US diesel inventories are really sitting at very low five year seasonal lows in part due to kind of ongoing maintenance, both in the Gulf Coast and in the Mid-Con. And then finally on Jet. At 1Q '25 global jet demand was up about 2.3% year-on-year. We're forecasting 2025 global jet demand to be up 2%. I know a lot of the airlines have talked about they can't predict for the rest of the year in some ways if you think there's going to be a recession or more tariffs the bets are off. But this is -- if you don't think those things are going to happen. This is kind of our view. And we're starting to see trimming of near-month flights. So it's really hard to tell. US jet demand 1.4% up. That's from fleet and flight schedule growth. Again, it's very, very difficult to tell. And then on the -- you mentioned on the Canadian differentials. In Q2, we anticipate about 315,000 barrels a day off the market, mostly driven by planned maintenance and production facilities. And then as you kind of look across the year, we see differentials start to widen out. You'll get the seasonal benefit of diluent in the product. And also you'll get more OPEC barrels on the market, which will also help weaken the heavy differentials.
Neil Mehta: It's all great color. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead, Theresa.
Theresa Chen: Hi. I wanted to go back to the NGL conversation. There are some material circulating about a carve-out for NGLs within the Chinese reciprocal tariffs. Do you have an early view on this, especially for ethane and in the event of additional downside volatility for NGL prices in the Gulf Coast. How is your business positioned within the backdrop of potentially lower LPG ARBs, crack spreads and POP margins in processing?
Brian Mandell: Well, I think, first of all, most of our business is termed up at the Freeport facility. And as I mentioned, we're not seeing anybody cancel any of those term contracts. I think a lot of the or most of the ethane for China comes from the US and we would -- we've seen that still moving. We expect it to continue to move. So I don't think that would really have an impact on our business going forward?
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think Theresa at a high level, there's a few other options for Chinese that are consuming ethane. And so I think that it's clear that there are at least possibly some rational discussions going on around tariffs. It's all maybe rumor and speculation at this point, but hopefully, those discussions move in a rational direction because the Chinese need access to US propane and ethane and so it's in their best interest to seek that accommodation.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And related to the FID of Iron Mesa. Would you be able to quantify the cost? And is this plant the first of maybe several plants to increase the Y-Grade under your control, especially in light of a competitor building out their own frac and dock infrastructure later this decade that maybe creates a volume shortfall in Sweeny and Freeport?
Don Baldridge: Hi, Theresa. This is Don. Yes, I may say, it continues. I think really just demonstrate the progress we're making in building out our NGL value chain. It does support our Permian G&P growth and position in terms of barrels coming out of our own gas plants. From an investment standpoint, it's a typical midstream return with a -- from a build multiple kind of a sub five times type size. A little bit maybe to unpack Iron Mesa, it's going to be located near our Goldsmith facility. And so that really provides us with several benefits. We'll be able to retire portions of our Goldsmith facility, upgrade the processing. That's going to improve our operational efficiencies, our reliability reduces our environmental footprint, improves our cost structure in that area. So we'll get an immediate uplift on the existing throughput that we have there as we'll load this plant first. And then from a location perspective, given our pipeline network in that area, we'll be able to process and bring gas from both the Midland and the Delaware Basins to this facility. And this facility will be tied into our Sand Hills NGL system. And so I'd expect us to continue to be successful commercially from a gathering and processing standpoint. We have opportunities then to continue to grow our G&P footprint organically like this whether that's a partial upgrade of existing facilities as well as just expansion. All of that is helpful for our overall NGL value chain. And maybe just to step back and think about it from a broader context. At this plant and then the two plants in the Midland Basin, the Dos Picos and Dos Picos II, that's about to turn on later this year. We will have added close to 800,000 a day of gas processing capacity. That produces over 100,000 barrels a day of NGLs to feed our system. So really making good progress as we grow out the system. So we feel good about where our footprint is going and again what our supply outlook for Sweeny is.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Good morning. I think many Midstream investors don't own PSX stock because of the volatility of the earnings of the other segments. Is that your view as well? And given your answer to Doug's question, which I think suggested you were not that interested in the spin. What other things can PSX do to get fuller credit for the stability of the Midstream earnings in your stock?
Mark Lashier: Yes. Jean Ann, that's a great question. And I think I touched on that earlier that we're in the process of growing those earnings. I think really we weren't recognized as a strong Midstream player per se until earlier this year when we announced the EPIC transaction. And so as those stable earnings become a bigger and bigger part of our portfolio, I think those seeking that multiple from stable earnings will take note. And across the spectrum of investors we're getting solid feedback and support for that.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I was just going to add on a little bit there in terms of we will continue to look at our disclosures and the information we provided around the Midstream segment and enhance where appropriate. And as the Midstream business grows, the part of the narrative is that the Refining business, yes, has volatility, but it also provides a lot of nice upside from a cash generation standpoint and returns to shareholders. And so that's where I see that value proposition that you've got that large stable Midstream business supplemented by the upside that comes with the Refining and Marketing business.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jean Ann.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Joe.
Joe Laetsch: Hey, team. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask on shareholder returns. With the dividend increase a few days ago, the stock is yielding just north of 4.5%, which is above refining peers. Could you just talk through the balance between raising the dividend and leading in the buyback given where shares are trading?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Joe, the dividends are principles there are secure, competitive and growing. And the reason for the growing is we do have investors that are clearly dividend investors. And one of their criteria is a dividend that increases on an annual basis. And so you can expect to see us increase the dividend every year. It was a relatively modest increase, it's $0.05, 4%, smaller than some of our more recent increases have been, but we felt appropriate in the overall context of the business environment that we're in today. And so therefore the real upside from a shareholder return standpoint is going to be in share repurchases. And as you see operating cash flow increase then that increases the -- go back to the 50% of operating cash flow returned to shareholders. The dividend is easy to get to compute. But so is the share repurchase at the 50% and potentially above level depending on where we are and other priorities including balance sheet.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And Joe when you look at the combination of share repurchases and our dividend, the gross dividend outlay has remained pretty stable because the shares are declining. And so it really is almost needed to catch up and we're taking advantage of that. And so think about that overall dividend outlay as relatively constant and then share repurchases are the swing item that can grow even faster than the dividend when the cash is there.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks. That makes sense. And then the other question that I had was around refined utilization in first quarter, which came in a little bit light versus what we, I think, obviously been expecting based on the low 80% guidance was that economic driven or was that always part of the plan?
Richard Harbison: Yes. This is Rich. So our guidance was low 80s for the quarter. There was certainly a heavy focus of that was -- of that downturn was related to the turnaround activity and our turnaround activity was heavily focused on crude units as well for the quarter. So that was a big impact, especially in the Atlantic Basin, we had a turnaround at the Bayway facility and the Gulf Coast. Both our refineries in the Gulf Coast had turnaround activity at Lake Charles and Sweeny. And then so did Wood River and Borger. So those utilizations were down quite a bit. That all said there -- those were the majority in the major components of the downturn in the utilization. There were some minor market adjustments as well made through the year primarily in the January and front end of February timeframe. So those were relatively minor call them a point maybe 2, 1.5 on the overall utilization for the quarter.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor Pickering Holt. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Thank you and good morning. I have a two-parter on M&S. First, should we expect a pretty considerable tailwind to your Q2 M&S results from the falling crude price environment. We do track a retail indicators looking quite strong in the second quarter. I know your wholesale business is a little bit different. But what are your expectations on M&S for the second quarter? And is there a big pickup in line? And then second, every company reports things a little differently. And I think there's an argument to be made that Phillips refining results are a little different than your large-cap peers because your US wholesale activities are in M&S and not in refining. So my question is, could you help us understand roughly what percent of M&S EBITDA and of costs are related to those wholesale activities so we can look at things on a little bit more of an apples-to-apples basis. Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Hey, Matthew. It's Brian. I'll start and then Kevin can take over. I think you're right, when prices are falling, it's usually somewhat beneficial for marketing. Just to give you a little bit of color, we're seeing a stronger April margins. And our view is barring anything significant slowdown in the economy or something like that. We would expect a seasonal uptick in Q2 earnings or margins consistent with prior years.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Matt, it's Kevin. And just on the second question, we don't break out our results by channel of trade, which is what you're referring to our Marketing and Specialty segment covers the wholesale business also covers the retail to the extent we have retail. But the bulk of that business is a wholesale model. And so it's -- we don't have a breakout of the EBITDA or the costs. The costs are relatively low when you think about the company-owned retail business is going to have a higher cost structure, for sure, but it's not something that we're breaking out at that channel of trade level.
Matthew Blair: Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one follow-up on some of your earlier comments on renewable diesel. Outside of the macro backdrop, which is obviously very noisy. As we think about the first quarter and into the second quarter, can you talk about maybe some of the challenges that you had, optimizing things from a feedstock point of view in the first quarter because of the timing of some of the announcements and as you look into the second quarter and then maybe I don't know if you said this earlier, but do you have a rough estimate of maybe what percent of the products you were able to book credits on during the quarter? And as we think into the second quarter, how will both of those things change and be a potential tailwind for you this quarter?
Brian Mandell: Yes, maybe I'll start and others can join in. I would say, like everybody, if you don't understand the rules of the game, it makes it more difficult to play in the game. And the PTCs were it was kind of not completely known. That time, we didn't have, we had PTC value for imported used cooking oil and now we don't. And so we made some decisions early on between the end of last year and beginning of this year that were suboptimized, frankly, given our view of what credits would be and how they turned out in some of the sanctions. So I think going forward, we'll have maybe a clearer view. We still don't have a complete view of the PTCs. We think that will come in June or July with the tax bill. We talked about the RVO proposal, we expect to come at the second half of May, but not for implementation until Q3. So we're looking forward to that. The good news is, I think ag and oil are aligned that we need to increase the RVO to make up for some of the credit value that we lost in the PTCs. And then LCFS is also up for debate. We think by the end of June, we'll have some more clarity on that. So the more clarity we have on the credit values and how they work, then we'll be able to run the plants and the more focus will be on finding the right feedstock to make the right product.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning or good afternoon. Mark, I think it can easy -- maybe for the investors, it's a little bit easier to understand the integration benefit on the Midstream to the rest of your business. Maybe it's a little bit more difficult on the Chemical. Even CPChem is a joint venture and they run by their own board and their own management. And in theory that all transactions between you and CPChem should be in arm's length. So maybe you can help us understand a little bit better why I mean even though it's a great asset, why that is important for them to be part of the portfolio and what are synergy or that the integration benefit you can receive from there?
Mark Lashier: Yes. Paul, glad to take that on. When you look at CPChem, first of all, the model has been great for the last 25 years, it's grown faster and more profitably than their competitors. It's been a great return on capital employed business. It's thrived and done quite well. And we've sat across the table from our partners, each of us expressing our undying love for the company and interest in owning all of it if the other is interested and parting from it. And so I think that there is great operational synergy between CPChem and Phillips 66 as an NGL provider and as an asset operator around the Sweeny complex, where there's a very heavy presence of CPChem, whether it's the storage facilities at the Clemens Terminal, the physical location and streams going back and forth between the assets. Yes, there is an arm's length agreement. But all of that happens quite seamlessly. Now I would say if Phillips owned those 100% it would -- there would be even greater synergies to capture, but being a 50% owner and being deeply co-located and physically integrated, there are significant advantages there. And those represent substantial assets. You've got three of their Gulf Coast crackers right there in the Sweeny complex embedded and deeply integrated. And so it is real and it happens every day. And if it was truly an independent separate entity, there would be more frictional losses in making things happen over time and less, I think, less direct level of financial integration. So there's benefits in both ways.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Great. The second question, I think, is for Kevin. Just curious that, I mean, with all the volatility created, given the Trump administration's economic and tariff policy. Should Phillips 66 visit or what is the cash balance that you really want to keep on the book as well as what is the debt to capital ratio and your payout ratio to be clarifying that with higher volatility. Should you have a higher payout ratio still going to pay out more than 50% or should you prioritize and get the debt to be lower than what you even say target at $17 billion at least that for until maybe the volatility becomes perhaps a little bit lower and the risk of recession becomes less.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Paul, it's all about balancing the different priorities. And there is a lot of uncertainty out there right now. But the point is, it is uncertainty, and we don't know exactly which way this will play out. So we don't want to make any dramatic decisions around that. And we think that the way we've set our prioritization is very measured and balanced to where it works in a low cycle environment or a more volatile environment and it works in a more robust environment as well. The 50% payout ratio is relatively modest. We do have cash from asset dispositions. And from a balance sheet standpoint, the cash at the end of the quarter was $1.5 billion. We've tended to run around about that somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion to $2.5 billion at the end of most periods. Would it be nice to have more? Yes, but it's perfectly adequate. There's a natural cycle over the course of the month anyway. The end of the month, the end of the quarter tends to be a relatively low point in that cycle. We have significant liquidity facilities that we can draw on as necessary. And when we need to we do. But we just -- we look holistically at what that balance sheet needs to look like and feel that at the $17 billion level, when you consider that Midstream with a pretty stable -- very stable $4 billion of EBITDA, the marketing business, also with stable EBITDA in the order of $2 billion that supports that debt. That supports the leverage at a modest ratio. And so that's how we think about it in terms of leverage ratio leverage ratios relative to the different business segments we operate. And so we expect to have a debt level that can be supported by the more stable cash generating businesses and think of the Refining business and the Chemicals business as being debt free from a Phillips 66 balance sheet standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mark Lashier for closing comments.
Mark Lashier: Thanks for all of your questions. Less than three years ago, we embarked on a transformative strategy. We've divested multiple noncore assets at attractive multiples, strengthened our NGL value chain and rationalized our refining portfolio. We improved refining operational reliability and reduced refining controllable costs, all while returning over $14 billion to shareholders. Looking forward, we will deliver significant value through our 2027 strategic priorities maintaining operational excellence, pursuing disciplined growth, returning capital and ensuring financial strength. We value shareholder feedback. We're committed to maximizing long-term value for our shareholders through operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation. Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions or feedback after today's call, please call Jeff or Owen.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes your call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-31 06:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Welcome to Phillips 66 earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Don Baldridge, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Our results reflect strong operating performance in a challenging margin environment. The strength and stability of our midstream results provided a resilient platform demonstrating the advantages of the breadth of our integrated portfolio. In the fourth quarter we achieved our shareholder distribution target with $13.6 billion distributed through share repurchases and dividends since July 2022. In refining, we set goals to improve performance, lower costs and capture more of the market. This year was our second consecutive year of above industry average crude utilization. We also set record clean product yields both this quarter and for the full year while reducing our costs by a dollar per barrel. These results are a testament to the hard work, commitment and dedication to excellence by the people in Richs organization. We exceeded our $400 million synergy target on the DCP midstream acquisition by capturing $500 million of run rate synergies. In total, the DCP transaction has increased Midstream's mid cycle adjusted EBITDA by $1.5 billion. We set an ambitious goal of 1.4 billion in run rate business transformation savings. We positioned the company for success through these cost reductions and exceeded our goal achieving $1.5 billion of savings. As part of the enhanced priorities, in 2023 we committed to at least $3 billion of non-core asset dispositions. We have high graded the portfolio and are currently at $3.5 billion of announced asset divestitures. Although our net debt to capital ratio ended higher than our target level, we continue to have a strong balance sheet and we are making debt reduction a key component of our new commitments. We've completed the strategic priorities that we laid out in 2022, enhanced in 2023 and committed to achieving by the end of 2024. I am proud of the work our employees have done to accomplish these important priorities and deliver on our commitments to shareholders while maintaining industry leading safety performance. Slide 4 shows the progress of the asset disposition program. In January 2025 we received $2.1 billion of cash proceeds for the Co-op and Gulf Coast Express Dispositions. This brings the cash proceeds to $3.5 billion which we're using to advance our new strategic priorities. We continue to evaluate our assets as part of our ongoing portfolio optimization. Slide 5 shows the growth of our midstream business including the recent announcement of the EPIC NGL transaction. We've advanced our wellhead to market strategy through organic projects and strategic transactions that provided significant synergies and strong returns. This nearly doubles EBITDA between 2021 and the anticipated transaction close later this year. Similar to the Pinnacle acquisition last year, we saw an opportunity to acquire high quality assets which are complementary to our existing footprint and provide a platform for further growth opportunities at attractive returns. The transaction furthers our vision of being the leading integrated downstream energy provider and upon closing increases Midstream's mid cycle adjusted EBITDA to $4 billion. We'll continue to capitalize on our growth platform to generate strong returns and significant free cash flow in 2025 and beyond. Slide 6 outlines our new strategic priorities for 2025 through 2027. Supported by our world class operations, we are committed to returning over 50% of operating cash flow to shareholders. We've set challenging yet achievable operational targets for our refining and midstream businesses. We have developed a culture of continuous improvement in refining and are targeting $5.50 per barrel adjusted controllable cost excluding turnarounds over the next two years. We will grow Midstream and chemicals mid cycle adjusted EBITDA by an additional $1 billion in total by 2027. In Midstream, we have plans in place to continue to expand our Wellhead to market strategy with high return opportunities. In chemicals, the megaprojects in the U.S. Gulf coast and Qatar are expected to start up in late 2026. These milestones are expected to bring our non-refining mid cycle EBITDA to $10 billion by 2027, which we expect will represent two thirds of our total company EBITDA. We also plan to reduce total debt to $17 billion as early as the end of this year depending on the margin environment and the timing of planned dispositions. We will continue to increase shareholder value through strong operating performance and disciplined capital allocation as we deliver on our new strategic priorities. Now over to Kevin to cover our quarterly results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Reported earnings were $8 million or $0.01 per share. The adjusted loss was $61 million or $0.15 per share. Both the reported earnings and adjusted loss include the $230 million pretax impact of accelerated depreciation due to our plan to cease operations at the Los Angeles refinery at the end of 2025. This reduced earnings per share by $0.43. We generated operating cash flow of $1.2 billion and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders including $647 million of share repurchases. I will now move to slide 8 to cover the segment results. Total company adjusted earnings decreased $920 million compared to the prior quarter. Midstream results increased mostly due to record fractionation and LPG export volumes in addition to higher margins on LPG exports. In chemicals results decreased mainly due to lower polyethylene chain margins and higher costs related to turnarounds and maintenance. Lower refining results primarily reflect weaker crack spreads and a full quarter of accelerated depreciation for the Los Angeles refinery. Capture of the new market indicator was 105%. The increase in market capture was partly the result of record clean product yield for the quarter, which included the benefits of butane blending. Marketing and specialties results were mostly lower due to seasonally lower margins. In renewable fuels results increased due to higher margins at the Rodeo complex as well as stronger international results. Slide 9 shows the change in cash flow for the fourth quarter. Cash from operations, excluding working capital, was $901 million. There was a working capital benefit of $297 million, mainly reflecting a reduction in inventories. We returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and we funded $506 million of capital spending. Our ending cash balance was $1.7 billion. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2025 in chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining, we have a heavy turnaround quarter and expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low 80s and turnaround expense to be between $290 million and $310 million. We anticipate corporate and other costs to be between $310 million and $330 million. For the full year, we expect turnaround expenses to be between $500 million and $550 million. Depreciation and amortization will be approximately $3.3 billion. This includes $230 million per quarter of accelerated depreciation at the Los Angeles refinery. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thank you.
Neil Mehta: Good morning. Mark and team wanted to kick off on the Midstream transformation. It does feel that the business is evolving to where Midstream is becoming a major focus and a much more important part of the business and want your perspective on -- to the extent that is true, what's the best way to get there? To get there organically or to get there through M&A? And how, how fast can this business grow? Any parameters around that would be helpful.
Mark Lashier: Good morning, Neil. Thanks for your question. I'll talk about the high level view and then Don can dive into the details. But several years ago we rolled up DCP, got control of those assets to align with the wholly owned assets that Phillips 66 had with fractionation capacity. And that allowed us to consolidate into full, Wellhead to market strategy that we've been talking about. But we knew that we had opportunities to fill out that strategy and to really leverage that position. And that's what you've been seeing both from an organic perspective and an inorganic perspective. And as you look at the inorganic things that we've done, the acquisitions we've done, they've been very focused on getting the right assets for the right value that could be accretive to us immediately based on the inorganic piece, but allow us to also have a footprint to grow organically and to capture more of the volumes coming out of the Permian. So both the Pinnacle and the EPIC acquisitions really are prime examples of that. So we believe there are opportunities to do both. But I'll let Don dive into more of the details.
Don Baldridge: Sure, Neil. I think what you see is we put together a Midstream platform now, an NGL value chain that we believe we can grow organically at a mid-single digits growth rate on an annual basis. That's what you see in the slide deck here, growing to 500 million of EBITDA and being able to do that because we have clear line of sight to organic growth opportunities that we can execute within our $2 billion annual capital program. So I think it's really a testament to the strength of the platform that we have. Certainly from an acquisition standpoint, if there are opportunities that make sense, that are attractive from a strategic standpoint and evaluation, we'll take a hard look at it. But our growth program here is premised on executing return enhancing organic opportunities within our footprint and not dependent on or require future M&A activity.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, as you saw in our strategic parties that we laid out, everything that we do, whether it's in refining or, or in Midstream, we're focused on enhancing the return on capital employed in each of those businesses as we make these capital allocation choices. So we're very returns focused and value focused.
Neil Mehta: That's very helpful. And then the follow up is just as Midstream becomes a bigger part of the business, how do you think about the optimal capital structure? You provide new disclosure today about being less than three times net debt to Midstream in marketing. So why is that the right number? And there's an argument that the business can run a little bit more levered as it has more fee based earnings.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil, it's Kevin. I mean, you're exactly right. Now, as you will recall, we had objectives to reduce leverage over the course of last year which we were not able to deliver on partly because we lean pretty heavy into cash returns to shareholders. And so while we have set a target of getting the debt balance back to 17 billion and a sub 30% debt to cap level, we also like to think of the balance sheet almost on a sum of the parts basis. And so the Midstream and M&S segments bring the more stable earnings and cash generation approximately $2 billion, sorry, $6 billion at mid-cycle and at a three times, or maybe even less than three times debt level, we can think of ourselves as having a strong balance sheet in the context of those two segments. Net zero for the refining business. So in effect the refining cash flows are all upside in the context of how you look at us, look at the company from a balance sheet standpoint.
Neil Mehta: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Appreciate the chance to ask a question, guys. Thanks so much. Mark, I think if I don't want to put words in your mouth, I think I heard you say something along the lines of our new disposal targets. I don't think I actually heard of a new disposal target. So I realize you hit a lot of your targets early for 2025, but what is the scope of the scale? I guess the way I heard it was drop your debt down $17 billion. Clearly there are additional disposals and I wanted to ask specifically about where you are with the rest of the retail system in Europe. That's my first question. My follow up is really a follow up to Neals. We hear this a lot about the embedded value in Philip, specifically around the Midstream and where the Midstream companies are trading. And obviously EPIC is a terrific bolt on. But do you ever see a situation where Midstream is somehow separated or as a standalone business? I know it's a bit of a curveball question, but just in terms of the scale, the importance and maybe the failure of the market to recognize the value in your structure versus what you see for the standalone Midstream players?
Mark Lashier: Thanks for your questions, Doug. This is Mark. On dispositions, we did not put another target out there. I think that we achieved our targets with what we've actually closed and received the cash for to date. We still have things that we're working on out there and one of them is the retail opportunity in Europe, in Austria and Germany, and that we're still in active discussions there. We think we can strike a deal around that, but we found it a little bit counterproductive to put firm numbers out there. When you're out negotiating these deals. We will always be looking at our portfolio things to determine if we've got assets that have higher value to others. And sometimes we get inbound calls that people want to talk about things and we will entertain those calls as well. But it's always about value creation, how we can unlock value of what we view as trapped capital in some assets and redeploy those proceeds into our strategic priorities, whether it's returning it to shareholders, augmenting our balance sheet, or investing in our businesses. And so we're going to be doing that ongoing, but you're not going to see firm targets put out there, which it's, you can think about it as continuous improvement in our portfolio, just like we're focused on continuous improvement in our operations. And then from the embedded value of Midstream, we agree that we're not seeing the full value of the things that we've done in Midstream, but we're really just getting started. I think that there's -- since our EPIC acquisition, we've gotten a great response from the market, good questions, understanding. People are showing some interest and excitement around that. We've got some great long-onlies [ph] in our shares because of what we're doing in Midstream. So we think that that story is still evolving and we're going to lean into that story going forward. There's always the question, when you have an integrated business like we do, is it better to separate those businesses somehow? We believe we can create more shareholder value by keeping the Midstream business integrated with our refining and our NGO Midstream business out to the petrochemical businesses. And you'll hear more about that as we, as we move on through the year.
Kevin Mitchell: Doug, it's Kevin. Just to add on to Mark's comments, if part of the question was more around, would we create a vehicle that has a public marker on it? Not a complete separation, but helps provide some addition?
Doug Leggate: Exactly, yes.
Kevin Mitchell: Valuation, we went down that path before. That's a major decision to make. And over time, you look back over history, there are times where we've traded at full some of the parts, there have been times where we haven't and we feel we're probably in that phase right now. And I don't think that's the immediate response to that. I think as the way Mark described it, really leaning in and providing the appropriate messaging and investor disclosures around the Midstream business, the integration value that comes from the value, the two primary value chains that we have and focus on that at this point in time that what you suggested is that option is always there. And so we would never say never, but it's not going to be the near term plan.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate it. For me, I risk a quick follow up at the risk of Jeffs [Indiscernible] here, but the example obviously I was thinking about was MPLX because clearly there's a marker there. But I take your point. My follow up really quick, Mark, is just remind us what the EBITDA is on the German Austria business because we can all put a multiple on that, I guess.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Doug, it's about 300 million.
Doug Leggate: Great stuff. Thanks so much.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. First on the leverage update, can you think about, can you help us think about the path forward to achieve the below 30% net debt to capital? What time frame would you expect to get to that? And are future asset sales, including the German Austrian assets earmarked for that? How should we think about that path forward there?
Mark Lashier: Yes, Theresa, it's a -- the path forward to the sub 30%. And I think you look at the absolute $17 billion debt level in, in the same way because one, I'm not saying that one will definitely enable the other, but they won't be too far apart in that context. And in fact, there's a kind of neat symmetry between all of those metrics that we put out. The 17 billion, the less than 30% and the less than three times Midstream and M&S EBITDA all kind of come together reasonably well. But it's really a combination of you look at our capital allocation model with 50% plus distributed to shareholders, so dividend plus buybacks, our sustaining capital is $1 billion. The organic capital program is a billion dollars. And if you do the math based on a mid-cycle set of assumptions, and I know we're not in mid cycle right now, but on mid cycle you've got about $10 billion of cash generation and so 5 billion goes to shareholders. That's the 50%, 2 billion of capital budget. So that's 7 billion, at least $3 billion. That's a lot of flexibility to either do debt reduction, incremental buybacks and/or bolt on acquisitions that make sense like some of the things you've seen us do. In addition, we are still working on the Germany Austria retail business. And so there's a fair amount of flexibility there in terms of how we get there. So we feel pretty comfortable that those targets are all achievable, including our ongoing commitment to returning cash to shareholders.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And then going back to the topic of additional Midstream growth, when thinking about, other M&A opportunities here, totally understanding Don's comments about doing what's right from both a strategic and economic perspective. And when we think about the Midstream assets that have been in the market, there are some that seem like more obvious acquisition candidates for you, considering, potential synergies in both Permian and DJ and then coupling that with, who, the bigger shippers on both Sand Hills and EPIC, as well as the visible need for incremental Permian processing. Is FTC also a major concern here? Do you think that would preclude some of the more obvious opportunities along your Midstream footprint?
Mark Lashier: Yes, Theresa. I think that obviously we always have to take FTC considerations into play, but I don't think that's necessarily what would have us shy away from looking at any particular assets. But we do take into consideration a broad range of assets that are out there and we focus on what provides us the greatest value creation opportunity. And we know intimately how easy it is to connect those assets to our system. What it does from a GNP perspective, what it does from a transportation perspective, and quite importantly, what additional opportunities does it open up for us to grow organically because we really see the upside in returns, in going in and building things at a low build multiple and realizing that full uptick while adding inorganically things at attractive pricing that also are accretive to our returns and our earnings.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I'd just add. Theresa, I think along the lines of that value creation, just the M&A, our M&A lens will really be focused on what is opportunities that we see that are scalable, that really enhance our platform. And that's really what drives our thought process. Not a FTC lens. It's just that's well down the path as we evaluate opportunities. But again, I think I go back to we just see a lot of organic opportunities within our footprint. And so we're very focused on executing those and growing our business that way, first and foremost.
Mark Lashier: Yes, we recognize our capital constraints. We're not going to grow Midstream just to grow Midstream just to get bigger. We're going to grow Midstream to create more value for our shareholders. And we, and we're very disciplined around that. We've got capital constraints and we're going to be very picky about what we do.
Theresa Chen: Understood. Thank you so much.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Theresa.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. Switching gears a little. We saw relatively weaker ethylene chain margins here and I know it's a seasonally weaker quarter. I'm just trying to understand, in management's opinion, when can we start moving towards closer to the mid cycle margins as it relates to the ethylene chain margins in chemicals?
Mark Lashier: Yes, Manav, that's a great question. I think in the fourth quarter CPChem saw a couple of things going on in their chain margin. Of course, ethane pricing strengthened, crude pricing weakened, which, they've got a great advantage with their ethane position. But when both of those things happen, I think their impact will show up. I think in the longer term, the macro is supportive. Demand continues to grow. You're seeing rationalizations in Europe, you're seeing temporary shutdowns in Europe. I think this year North American producers had record exports. That tells you about the strength of our economics here in North America versus other locations in the world. I think for the first time ever, more than half of the polyethylene produced in North America was exported into the world market. So they're playing to CPChem strengths in the midterm and long-term. You can see that in their operating rates. And we see continued margin improvement. And actually it's good and healthy that you see slow recovery, slow climb out. And we see that continuing this year into next year, really on through 2026. And then their new assets will be stepping right into pretty healthy margins by the end of 2026.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow up here is a very big improvement in renewable fuels. Congratulations. Breaking even. Help us understand quarter-over-quarter some of the dynamics that went your way which allowed you to almost raise earnings in renewables by like 150 million.
Brian Mandell: Hey Manav, this is Brian. We'll start off by saying, yes, we did we $28 million in the quarter. We're happy with that. As a start, we ran well in the quarter. We continued to lower our cost profile. As we discussed last earnings call, we processed a higher CI feed in the corner as we ran off less valuable feedstock prior to the implementation of the BTC credit. Additionally, because of the higher CI material, we didn't produce renewable jet fuel for the quarter. We did announce in Q4 that a deal to sell United Airlines 8 million gallons up to 8 million gallons of SAF. And we've secured a couple more contracts in Q1 to supply SAF to airlines. But just thinking about looking forward at renewable diesel margins, we anticipate continued weakness, mostly on the regulatory uncertainty that keeps the market on somewhat weak footing. We'll need to have additional clarity on a number of factors affecting renewable margins, including the PTC, the RVO, LCFS rules, tariffs, renewable, our small refinery exemptions, just to name a few. So we'll continue to manage our flexible system. We buy a lot of feedstock. We buy more feedstock than our system needs and so we can move those that feedstock around and manage the optionality in the system. But we'll continue to use the LP at the refinery to provide the most favored renewable feedstock.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for taking my questions.
Brian Mandell: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi. Thank you. I wanted to follow up on Theresa's question about the EPIC acquisition. I think most Midstream investors I talked to were a little surprised by the move to add more NGL pipeline capacity without getting more processing to fill those pipelines, given that you were already kind of under indexed to processing before the deal compared to peers. I know the pipes are contracted medium term, but does this put pressure on you to get more processing either organically or inorganically in the next few years as those contracts start to roll off?
Don Baldridge: Hi Jean Ann, this is Don. As you heard from Mark, the EPIC acquisition is very compelling to us and for a variety of reasons. But to kind of unpack and address your question regarding kind of capacity and supply, because it's certainly a question we've had a couple of times, but I'll focus on this one key attribute and that is that EPIC provides us and brings us needed Permian pipeline capacity that is already in an expansion program that is very capital efficient, cost effective. And we see that as being very important to us. And the reason that is, is right now our supply portfolio runs at about 125% of our Sand Hills capacity. So that means we move a lot of product on third party pipelines. And if you kind of look through 2025 and out the years, that supply level will continue to grow this year as well as next. As we bring on our expansion plant at Pinnacle in July of 2025 as we bring on a third party plant that's dedicated to us. I also expect that we'll be in a position to announce expansion of another plant in the Permian later this year. And so when you think about all of that supply coming on, it really combines very well and fits very well with the EPIC capacity. We'll be able to move product off the third party pipelines. As our G&P volumes grow, we'll be able to fill in the expansion capacity that comes online at the end of 2026 with EPIC. So it really gives us room to continue to grow our G&P footprint. So that's what's quite exciting. So for us, EPIC is really the right size and the right time from an expansion and capacity standpoint. It fits really well with our existing assets. We're already highly connected in a lot of spots with them. So when you think about integration and synergies, it's a very straightforward approach with really minimal integration costs to achieve. So very excited to bring this in, allow us to continue to grow our supply, pull supply of third-party lines and put it all in our system, provide really good service to the Gulf Coast for our shippers and our producers.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Thanks, Don thats very helpful. I appreciate the color there. Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Don Baldridge: Thanks, Jean Ann.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks good morning everybody. Maybe shift gears a little bit to Refining, if that's all right. Kind of two main questions. One, just as you look at the overall fundamentals, kind of how do you see the market here? And then the second part of that, digging in a little deeper on crude supply, crude availability. You've got, obviously, a lot of moving parts on the policy side, tariffs, sanctions on countries that have been supplying crude here, that sort of thing. Just kind of a broad question, but how do you see things?
Brian Mandell: Hey Roger, this is Brian. Maybe I'll start with kind of product demand and supply, and then we'll work on crude and tariffs. On gasoline, we saw 2024 gasoline demand up a bit, mostly on lower Asian demand growth. We saw strong vehicle switching in Europe, where demand was up almost 3%. U.S. demand increased a bit too driven by lower retail prices. The demand outlook, we think, looks stronger for 2025 with stable GDP outlooks and Chinese vehicle fleet showing a reduction in the growth in EV sales. So our demand forecast for 2025 for gasoline globally is up 0.8% and up 0.2% in the U.S. And on the distillate side, 2024 global distillate demand was 0.9% lower than 2023. 4Q 2024 U.S. demand was actually up 0.4% versus 4Q prior year. Currently, U.S. distillate inventories are about 8% under 5-year averages, quite a bit. We're forecasting global distillate demand for 2025 at 1% over 2024, with gains particularly focused across India, Malaysia and Indonesia. And U.S. distillate demand up about 2%. On the tariff question, I think, first of all, we don't know if we're going to have tariffs. But assuming that there are tariffs in Canada and Mexico, our view is that both markets will act a little bit differently. So we think tariffs in Canada, first thing that happens is TMX gets filled. The second thing that happens is, currently, the inventories are low, the inventories will start to fell. But ultimately, the differentials, the WCS differential, will widen to incentivize crude to move into the U.S. because crude actually has to move into the U.S. There's a lot of value in Canadian crude before there's any production cuts. I think in PADD 4 and parts of PADD 2, there aren't as many alternative supplies, the crack -- this will also have to do some work. And then on the Mexico side, Mexican tariffs, there's about 450,000 barrels a day of Mexican crude that comes into the U.S. We think that crude will be displaced. It will move to Europe, maybe Asia, and other crudes will come in. We would expect to see the heavy crudes firm a bit just on the inefficiency of logistics. But as the year goes on and OPEC puts more barrels back on to the market, we would expect those differentials to widen back out.
Roger Read: Very comprehensive. I'll turn it back. Thanks.
Brian Mandell: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is maybe you can talk about your outlook for your Refining business at mid-cycle. According to your slides, you've achieved the $5 billion of EBITDA. But if I remember correctly, you had a number of initiatives that you touched on at Investor Day around capture rates that weren't officially in those targets? I think you also have some ongoing reliability work and working around the OpEx side. So I'm just trying to think through if there's some possibility that that $5 billion can really be moving up over the next couple of years. Because it does feel like there's still some opportunity remaining there.
Rich Harbison: Thanks for the question. This is Rich, John. Organization, I can't tell you how proud I am of the organization and the work that's been going on inside the organization. It's been fantastic. On the reliability front, we've operated quite well as a system. As a matter of fact, 8 consecutive quarters over industry average. In fourth quarter, we were sitting at a very nice 94%, and that's a healthy, healthy number for us. And the underlying part of that is really driven by our reliability program. We actually achieved a 98% mechanical availability on the crude units, which for the year actually drove us to a 95% utilization across the entire year. So the reliability programs have been working really, really well for us. And that's fundamental to being in the market when the market is there, right? So that reliability. The other part of the program has really been around increasing our market capture, as you indicated. And we've been working on a series of high-return, low-capital projects there. And it's tough to see those in this low-margin environment right now and -- but there are some really good signposts there that are showing their way through. And one of them is the record clean product yield that was mentioned in the opening comments. 88% fourth quarter 2024. That is the highest we've ever achieved as an organization. Now seasonally, that's supported by butane, but that's been going on for years. There's still some underlying clean product yield that's improving. And that also -- we achieved an 87% clean product yield across the entire year. So a fantastic performance. And what's most important about that is that the gasoline yield stayed pretty flat, which is consistent with Brian's comments on the marketplace, but we've actually increased our distillate yield through that process. So we're actually seeing yield improvements. These aren't just fractionation changes that are occurring inside the plant. And that's led to a pretty solid market capture here that -- in the fourth quarter of 105. The last part of that mantra that we've been working on is really that cost reduction, right, that dollar per barrel. And that's -- roughly, we've moved $650 million out of our operating expense. And that includes our share of WRB, our proportionate share there. But we clearly see that hitting the line. So with that, the additional market capture, the reliability components, that mid-cycle target that you're talking about is well within range. And we feel that that's very achievable, that $5 billion. And we're going to continue to strive on that and through that as the market continues to improve. But don't let me leave you with the opinion that I think we're done with this whole program, right? We're going to continue to drive the efficiencies out of the business. Our reliability journey is never going to be over. And we're going to continue our focus of these small projects with high return on increasing the production of our most valuable products. And we're going to do all that with our industry-leading standards in health, safety and environment.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Our engineers and operators out of the plants are just hyper-focused on taking the reliability journey from the crude units on throughout the downstream units in the refineries. Because as you get better with the crude units, that puts the pressure downstream, and they are out there actively pushing and harvesting those opportunities and teeing them up as well. So we're going to continue to do this each and every day, looking for ways to improve, drive those inefficiencies out, and open up opportunities for more throughput and more reliable throughput.
John Royall: Very thorough. Thank you very much. And if I could just follow up on RD margins. You've already given some thoughts on margins. But I was hoping to dig in on your thoughts on the 45Z in particular. And what are the different scenarios for how that could play out this year? And maybe in the extreme where we have no BTC or PTC for a sustained period of time, what would that look like for the industry? Would you expect the RIN to plug the difference? Or will we end up seeing some kind of capacity coming out?
Brian Mandell: John, it's Brian. Yes, I think when you think about RD margins and renewable jet margins, you have to think about all the credits, the cost of the feedstock and the value of the product. And if there's a PTC or BTC or there's none of the above, then the other credits, the value of the feedstock stock and the final product have to move in tandem to drive a margin. And if that doesn't happen, we're going to see plans start to cut. So even now when margins are low for biodiesel, we've seen biodiesel plants cut back their runs, so that helps expand the margin as they cut back because there's less renewable diesel on the market. So we'll see all those things work in tandem to drive margins for the operations.
John Royall: Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Thanks, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yes hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask another one on corporate structure. Phillips has been the -- they've shut down more refining assets since COVID relative to peers. And as you think about the right size of the Refining footprint, not only to kind of optimize the system but to support Midstream and get the right multiple within the company, do you see further potential to rationalize some of your refining assets? Or do you feel like after the L.A. refining shutdown, you're in a pretty competitive position with your refining asset base?
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jason. Exiting L.A. does -- will have a material impact on our cost structure, and that's part of the story there. I think we're always evaluating our assets and each location has different pressures, different opportunities. And those -- if those things change, and certainly, that's what we saw in California, that it moved to a set of conditions where it was really not viable to continue, we'll make those decisions. But really, it is an ongoing evaluation of all the assets in our portfolio. We don't have anything staring us in the face that would indicate we've got other assets that we need to shut down. There may be people that would want to buy some of those assets, and we'd entertain those conversations. We know where we want to focus, we know what we need to do to get better in Refining. We don't necessarily need to get bigger in Refining, but we're going to focus on getting better every day. And again, we're not going to grow Midstream just to grow Midstream. We're going to grow Midstream because there's opportunities there to grow. And volumes are growing and we've got some really advantaged positions that we can leverage to enhance the ROCE of our Midstream business while we grow the volumes that we process, and open up opportunities for upstream customers to get their materials to a wide array of markets that we can facilitate. And that's one of the things that EPIC does for us. It brings us into Corpus Christi, and we can bring Corpus Christi volumes to the Sweeny hub, all the way to Mont Belvieu. It just really affords our customers, from the upstream perspective, a wide array of opportunities to monetize their hydrocarbons.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks. And my follow-up is on the marketing business. There was a pretty large decline quarter-over-quarter, larger than what would seasonally be expected. I think you tend to see outside moves in marketing to the downside when crude prices increased rapidly, but we don't really see that in 4Q. So I was wondering if you could elaborate on what drove the marketing weakness in 4Q and if you expect that to continue or not.
Brian Mandell: Jason, it's Brian. You're right, marketing margins were off in Q4 with seasonal weakness. But the big thing we saw, we -- in Q3, M&S earnings benefit from about a $50 million inventory hedging impact from falling prices. And that got reversed out in Q4 when the physical barrels were actually sold, so that created a $100 million negative sequential impact. There were a couple of other little things. We had a 20-day turnaround in our base oil plant and lower base oil spreads. But overall, the marketing volumes remained strong for the quarter. So I'd say, looking forward to your question, we expect Q1 to follow our historical trend. In January, we did see about 3% marketing volume impact from the winter storms and from the California fires, although the addition of new business should close that gap. And we didn't see any operational volume effects from the fires that called [ph] on our lubricants business.
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks for that.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On the new target of $5.50 a barrel of controllable refinery cost, I think you were at $6.71 in 2024, which already reflected some pretty good progress. Could you talk about the additional levers that you can pull? And then of the delta of the new target, how much will the closure of the Los Angeles Refinery to contribute to that further improvement?
Rich Harbison: Matt, this is Rich. Good question. So how do we plan to achieve the $5.50 per barrel? So first of all, the base is pretty important to talk about. This is $5.50 ex turnaround cost, too. So our 2024, we ended approximately about $5.90 a barrel in operating expense, excluding turnarounds. So there's about a $0.40 delta there in that. We do see the ceasing of operation at Los Angeles occurring in the fourth quarter. This historically has been one of our higher cost operations. So there'll be a net deduction across the system impact, and that's roughly 50% of the gap. And the balance of that, we will look at closing using the momentum of the organization that's already been built up through our business transformation opportunities and exercises. We're continually challenging ourselves to reduce the inefficiencies. I've talked a lot about the reliability programs and that continued reliability actually drives down your operating expense as you become more reliable. And then, of course, there's the denominator on this equation as well and continuing to push the barrel numbers and the clean product yield up on the backside of the number. So we see this as a pretty clear path. Is it a stretch? It's a bit of a stretch, yes. Is it achievable? Absolutely. We will achieve this. And I'm very confident by 2026, we'll have that number down there on a routine basis.
Jeffrey Dietert: Matthew, just for you and for others listening in, on Page 17 of our supplemental, it's the second to the last line there, refining adjusted controllable cost, excluding turnaround expense. So that's where the $5.50 number is comparable.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then you mentioned that there was no SAF production in the fourth quarter. As we turn into 2025, the EU is implementing the 2% SAF blending mandate. So could you talk about what you're seeing in that market? Are you seeing calls for increased SAF demand as a result of this EU mandate? Or has that not really materialized yet? And would you expect to increase your SAF production as we progress through 2025?
Brian Mandell: Yes. We think renewable jet and SAF are going to be important products we made renewable in January. We'll make it again in February. If you look at renewable jet versus RD right now, it's a pretty tight market. But we continue to use our linear program out of refineries to determine what we should make, what makes the most sense in terms of netback or value in the market. So we'll continue to do that going forward.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Good morning. I think the first question is for Kevin and Mark here. You said a reduction target of $17 billion. So that's about $5 billion lower than your current level. Meanwhile, that -- and you're saying that this is a priority. But meanwhile that you're also looking to grow your EBITDA and through perhaps some accretive bolt-on acquisition, like EPIC, I think that is probably a good acquisition. But on the other hand, you add to your leverage. So how -- I mean, how we prioritize between the two? That should the debt reduction take a more priority until that you are at a lower level? Or do you think that, as I think Kevin in his prepared remarks saying, you actually feel already reasonably comfortable. So if there's an inorganic opportunity, you think it's good that you will put it further delay on the debt reduction and go with that acquisition opportunity.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Paul. So just to be clear, the $17 billion debt level would be a $3 billion reduction from where we are. I think you said $5 billion, it's $3 billion, which is still not insignificant. But that's how we are looking at this. And the reality is...
Paul Cheng: I'm sorry, but I'm including EPIC, Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: You're including the purchase of EPIC. Okay. But you also have to look at we've also been selling assets. And so in January of this year, we've collected just north of $2 billion on proceeds from asset dispositions. We've talked about the jet retail assets in Germany and Austria that we are in active negotiations on. And so there's more inflow than just thinking about the operating cash flow of the company. So when you look at all these pieces together, we actually think we're going to have a fair amount of flexibility to be able to accomplish everything we want to do. Now granted, when I say a bolt-on, I naturally think of something that looks more like Pinnacle than EPIC. And a $500 million acquisition or something like that is obviously a lot easier to digest than doing a string of $2 billion acquisitions. In that instance, we'd have to think differently about capital allocation and balance sheet impacts. But in overall terms, I think we've got a lot of flexibility to be able to accomplish what we want here. And I think Brian alluded to this earlier as well, as we get into the second half of this year, we become a lot more bullish on Refining margins and the Refining outlook, which will provide further boost on the operating cash flow side. And there's not a -- we would love to get to $17 billion of debt by the end of this year. But that's not a must-have. We still have some degrees of flexibility around that in terms of how we look at it.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Paul, the growth in EBITDA is not premised on any bolt-on acquisitions. That $1 billion increment in Midstream and Chemicals is organic, and about half of it would be from the CPChem growth projects that are outside of our capital budget. And so the other half is in Don's business primarily, growing the midstream business organically. And it's all within the $2 billion-ish kind of capital budget that we're projecting.
Paul Cheng: I fully understand on that. I'm just trying to get some better understanding, if you do deal with, say, $2 billion or $3 billion of acquisition opportunity, and you think that it's actually quite accretive, comparing to the objective of deleveraging, I mean how at that point that you will consider or which is going to take the priority?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we'll make that -- if we're faced with that kind of opportunity, we'll make our own assessment on what's -- how we need to think about that from a balance sheet and a funding standpoint. I wouldn't -- we wouldn't be incapable of executing on a transaction like that. We would have the flexibility to be able to execute. We may have to relook at other priorities, but we would deal with that at the time.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Kevin, second one is a real short one. We see still a bit of the uncertainty on PTC in the first quarter for your RD business. Do you think you will start recording some of the benefit related to PTC or that you're not going to report any PTC credits until you are 100% certain on everything?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Paul, the only thing I can say with certainty is there's a lot of uncertainty, as you highlighted. The reality is what we have on PTC are notices, not proposed rules. There have also been these sweeping executive orders that have put a pause on many forms of rulemaking. We don't know if what's been published on PTC is subject to these executive orders or not. And so we're still working through all this. The reality is we'll have 2 options here. One is we just don't record anything in the first quarter or until there's more clarity. The other is we go with the information that is available, which are these notices and the provisions that are provided in those. And this is something that we'll work through over the course of the first quarter. I wish I could provide more clarity.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Ryan, please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe a couple of quick ones. I appreciate the comments you gave on Refining capture in the fourth quarter, which is really strong. Any comments on how you would see in the early part of this year the outlook, any moving pieces that might drive capture rate higher or lower on the Refining side? And then maybe just as part of the business transformation process, curious as to where you think you are in terms of progress on the commercial side of things.
Rich Harbison: Yes, on the Refining capture rate, of course, we have some turnarounds that we've indicated in there. So that will certainly have an impact in those markets that those turnarounds are occurring. Overall, in the fourth quarter, we saw a benefit from the seasonal butane blending. That will continue through the first quarter as well. So that impact should be there. And then the balance is really reflected in our regional indicators that are put out there on the IR website. So I'd encourage you to run those, Ryan, if you haven't run those or seen those. But that will really give you a good insight as to how the market viewed us.
Kevin Mitchell: The 83% or low 80s utilization is also going to have an impact.
Rich Harbison: Right, that's associated with the turnaround. Right. That's correct.
Brian Mandell: We had a goal to grow the organization. We continue to look at opportunities to grow the organization. We're hiring from the outside. We're building a lot more expertise. And so we continue to look at margin opportunities. We look at cost-cutting opportunities as well. We'll continue to do that, and as we grow our returns in our business and continue to grow the size of our business.
Ryan Todd: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing comments.
Mark Lashier: Thanks for all your questions. We've ticked off our strategic priorities from Investor Day 2022. And with our new 2025 to 2027 priorities, we remain steadfast in pursuing operational excellence with a competitive cost structure and enhancing shareholder value. We're growing the Midstream business to $4 billion of stable mid-cycle EBITDA with the anticipated close of EPIC later this year. And we have plans in place to add $1 billion in total mid-cycle EBITDA in Midstream and Chemicals by 2027. We're continuing to make investments to enhance clean product yield and reliability in Refining. Our assets are ready to capture the upside as the market returns. The stable cash generation for Midstream covers the company's sustaining capital and dividends. Combined with $2 billion of expected earnings from our Marketing and Specialties business, we have a strong base before adding contributions from our other segments. The power of integration provides a unique, compelling investment opportunity. We will reward shareholders now and in the future as we move forward with our vision to be the leading integrated downstream energy provider. Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call Jeff or Owen.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2024 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Welcome to Phillips 66 earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Don Baldridge, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter earnings call. The strength of our results in a challenging refining market demonstrates the benefits of our differentiated downstream portfolio. During the quarter, we continued to execute on our strategic priorities and delivered strong operating performance. Since July 2022, we have returned $12.5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're approaching our $13 billion to $15 billion target. In refining, we've reduced our cost by $1 per barrel and we continue to run our system well. The improvement in clean product yield reflects our investments in high return low capital projects. We continue to evaluate all of our assets as part of our strategic priorities and ongoing portfolio optimization. We recently agreed to sell our 49% interest in a Switzerland-based retail joint venture for approximately $1.24 billion. Our asset dispositions are now expected to exceed the $3 billion target. We plan to use the cash proceeds to support our strategic priorities including returns to shareholders and debt reduction. During the quarter, we achieved the targets on two of the six priorities ahead of schedule. First, we have accomplished our $1.4 billion business transformation cost reduction target. We've driven a permanent shift in the way we work and we remain diligent with a culture of continuous improvement. Our employees have done an incredible job delivering on this commitment and the results are clear as Kevin will cover later. Secondly, we achieved our $400 million synergy target across our NGL wellhead-to-market value chain. This brings the total uplift in mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA to $1.4 billion from acquiring and successfully integrating DCP Midstream. Slide 4, shows the growth of our Midstream business. We have advanced our wellhead-to-market strategy through organic projects and strategic transactions that provided significant synergies and strong returns. Our Sweeny Hub became the second largest NGO fractionation hub in the U.S. with the completion of Frac 4 in 2022. The DCP transactions strengthened this competitive position by fully integrating our value chain. In the third quarter of 2024, we further expanded the business with the acquisition of Pinnacle Midstream. We also approved the construction of an adjacent processing plant with startup expected in mid-2025. On a trailing 12-month basis, Midstream's adjusted EBITDA has increased to $3.7 billion from $2.1 billion three years ago. In addition, Midstream adjusted EBITDA is ahead of 2024 guidance despite weaker natural gas and NGL prices. The stable cash generation from this business covers the company's dividend and our sustaining capital. We continue to high grade our portfolio and capitalize on our growth platform to generate strong returns and significant free cash flow. Before I wrap up my opening comments, I want to acknowledge our previously announced plans to cease operations at the Los Angeles refinery in the fourth quarter of 2025. The uncertainty of the long-term sustainability of the refinery and market dynamics were key factors in this decision. We are evaluating the future use of the property and will work with the State of California to continue to supply transportation fuels to meet customer demand. As we work towards decommissioning, we're grateful for our employees continued focus on safety and operating excellence. We are committed to treating all of our employees and contractors fairly and respectfully throughout the process. We continue to deliver on our strategic priorities and targets. I look forward to providing an update on the next earnings call. Now, over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Slide 5 provides cost detail at the total company level through the end of the third quarter compared to the same period of 2022. We have supported growth while mitigating inflationary impacts through business transformation and synergy capture. Through the first nine months of the year, we have realized approximately $700 million in cost reductions including our share of WRB costs. In addition, we have reduced logistics spend by $200 million, these costs flow through gross margin. We lowered sustaining capital spend and continue to prioritize safe and reliable operations. Slide 6, shows the business transformation reduction to refining cost per barrel. Adjusted controllable costs excluding turnarounds are $5.84 per barrel year-to-date; we have eliminated $1 per barrel of costs, achieving our target ahead of schedule. Slide 7, covers key financial metrics. Earnings were $346 million. Adjusted earnings were $859 million, or $2.04 per share. The adjusted results exclude special items, which include a legal accrual in the third quarter. We generated operating cash flow of $1.1 billion and returned $1.3 billion to shareholders. I will now move to Slide 8, to cover the segment results. Adjusted earnings decreased $125 million compared with the prior quarter. Midstream results decreased mostly due to seasonal maintenance costs and lower equity earnings, reflecting the sale of our interest in the Rockies Express pipeline. These decreases were partially offset by higher margins on LPG Exports. In Chemicals, results increased mainly due to higher polyethylene chain margins and lower costs. Lower refining results primarily reflect weaker crack spreads. Capture of the new indicator was 92% in line with the previous quarter. In addition, the plan to cease operations at our Los Angeles refinery resulted in the acceleration of depreciation. The impact in the third quarter was $25 million. Going forward, we expect approximately $230 million per quarter of additional depreciation through the fourth quarter of 2025. Marketing and specialties results were higher, mostly due to seasonally stronger margins. In renewable fuels, results decreased due to lower realized margins. The Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex produced 44,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels during the third quarter. Slide 9, shows the change in cash flow. Cash from operations, excluding working capital was $1.5 billion, supported by the stability of our Midstream and Marketing and Specialties businesses. Working capital was a use of $381 million, mainly reflecting the impact of falling commodity prices. In July, we acquired Pinnacle Midstream for $567 million. Also during the quarter, we received cash proceeds of approximately $200 million from the sale of non-core midstream assets. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, in Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low to mid-90s and turnaround expense to be between $125 million and $135 million. Full year turnaround expense is now expected to be $485 million to $495 million. This is a reduction of more than $100 million from our original guidance. We anticipate corporate and other costs to come in between $300 million and $330 million. Now, we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will wrap up the call.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is just on your decision to shutter your remaining conventional capacity in California. Can you just talk about what went into that decision and how much did recent regulatory changes play into that decision? Or was this something that you had planned even after that?
Mark Lashier: Good morning, John. As we've stated in our strategic priorities, that we will do an ongoing evaluation of all of our assets. And so the LA decision really was part of that. And the Los Angeles refinery has been under significant market pressure. And the refinery, if you think back historically was originally designed to process in State California crude production and that's declined by about 75%. So the continued outlook in California in the face of declining diesel and gasoline demand was a pretty tough one. And so when we took that given outlook for the markets and also factor in California's stated policy to move away from fossil fuels, we expected California to be a pretty challenging refining market going forward. And we also have the typical maintenance and regulatory spending that we face and that's only going up. And so there are a lot of factors that go into these decisions and these decisions are only made after we do an exhaustive review of all the alternatives. And that exhaustive review led us to idle the refinery as we announced earlier this month. And so it wasn't any kind of knee jerk reaction in the face of any policy changes in California. This has been a long-term analysis.
John Royall: Great. Thank you, Mark. And then my follow-ups on the balance sheet and maybe you could just talk about your outlook for the balance sheet and perhaps where you think you could finish the year on leverage following the sale of the Swiss business and potentially the Germany and Austria business and recognizing there are a lot of moving pieces around working capital and some other things. But just any guidance on where you could finish the year on the balance sheet?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, John, it's Kevin. So certainly expect to finish the year with a stronger cash or net debt position than where we are currently. And that will be partly reflected by proceeds from asset dispositions, but the bulk of that is going to be 2025. So we expect the Swiss business, that transaction to close in the first quarter of next year, and the Germany, Austria retail business, we're still in active negotiations around that, and so that will be a 2025 item as well. But nonetheless, the proceeds from dispositions give us a lot more added flexibility as we think about balance sheet priorities, continuing to return cash to shareholders and also investment in the business. And just as a reminder, from a capital allocation standpoint, the first priority is sustaining capital that's about $1 billion per year. The second priority is the dividend, that's approximately $2 billion per year. And everything after that is available for investing in the company and growth, returning cash to shareholders, of which the dividend obviously is a part of that, but share repurchases and then the balance sheet and debt reduction. So we're a bit off of our target leverage metric, and we expect to get closer to that. It'll take a little while when you look at the different components of the debt and the equity on that, but we expect to be moving our way towards that objective.
Operator: The next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Roger, please, go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Kevin, I have two questions for you here. I'll just throw them together. One is, we think about the stated savings, the $1.4 billion on the synergies, the -- or, I'm sorry, on the overall cost reduction plan, the $0.4 billion from the synergies with DCP offset by the inflation that's in Slides 5 and 6, I think, which it sounds like you're using a standard CPI there. I just would like to maybe dig into a little bit of how do we look at those two moving parts, one, pretty substantial savings, two, inflation that's out there, you mentioned it comes out of the operating costs, but those can also be impacted by seasonality, by maintenance and so forth. But how we should really look at that on a net basis and what's the maybe inflationary pressure going forward?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I think as you look at that, and as you point out, we highlighted the inflationary impact; we also highlight the market impact. And you could say those are two versions of similar factors. They're market driven; they're outside of our control. One of them has been a headwind for the last couple of years. The other one has been a tailwind for us with lower natural gas prices, primarily. And so what we're trying to focus on, as you would expect are those things that are directly within our control and that's reflected in that cost reduction bar on the chart. On market, I wouldn't be completely dismissive of that being outside of our control because we are also, as part of our cost reduction initiatives focused on energy reduction in terms of from a volume quantity standpoint. And so that is something that we're very focused on as well. It's also consistent with our environmental GHG objectives around that. But on a go-forward basis, I think the worst of the inflationary pressures are behind us and we'd expect that that has somewhat normalized on a go-forward basis. So lesser headwinds than we have experienced over the last couple of years.
Roger Read: And then, just as a follow-up that, the $100 million reduction in the turnaround costs, is any of that related to the LA issue, the shutdown, or is that just outperformance during the year?
Rich Harbison: Hey Roger, this is Rich. There's really two key factors in that $100 million reduction in our outlook. Half of its attributed to this enhanced inspection process that we've been putting in place over the last several years. It's allowed us to actually extend the intervals between turnarounds. So some of that data was coming in this year on some planned turnarounds, and after we had a chance to evaluate it, we were able to defer those turnarounds. That's roughly half of that $100 million. And the other half of the $100 million is the organization's execution of the work. They've -- we've actually gotten much more efficient at our execution through a number of initiatives that we put in place with turnarounds and we're seeing the fruits of that labor come through now, so.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team. Just want to follow-up on the comments around balance sheet and capital allocation. And you guys have made a tremendous amount of progress in returning capital to shareholders via buyback and dividends. But how do you think about the pace of that going forward and what appears to be a softer commodity environment?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil, it's -- for the last year-and-a-half or longer, we have been very focused on the commitment that we put out there, the $13 billion to $15 billion target, and that has somewhat informed our decisions around the pace of buybacks. As we get to the end of that, I think we will move to more of a, in excess of 50% of operating cash flow being the so return to shareholder metric. We talked about that I think on the last call that of the go-forward assumption around this is 50% or more of cash from operations being returned to shareholders. I think that's a good way to think about this as you model out into 2025 from -- for that metric.
Neil Mehta: Okay. That's helpful. And then we saw very solid strength in the Chemicals business relative to some of your peers this quarter. And then marketing ticked up, I would imagine some of that's just because crude softened at the end of the quarter. But can you talk about those two businesses and the outlook as we think about the sequential into fourth quarter and early next year?
Mark Lashier: Well, Neil, I'll take the chemicals side of that. And we've seen CPChem's performance strong. They're able to operate at high rates when others have had to cut back because of costs. I think that they don't have any operation or much operations exposure in Europe, which is beneficial. And they've got their advantaged feedstock position, low cost ethane in two locations in the world that they've really been able to lean into. You do see some seasonal softness coming in this time of year, which is pretty typical. And that with lower crude prices makes naphtha producers the floor a little bit impacted there as well. But on the long-term, we see continued improvement in the macro for chemicals. They're coming out of that trough of a year or so ago; they continue to make good progress. They continue to see demand from their perspective and their ability to capture the market increasing and we see that going forward.
Brian Mandell: Hey Neil, this is Brian. On the marketing side, Q3 is typically marketing's strongest quarter and during the quarter marketing had improved margins in the U.S. across both wholesale and franchise channels, driven as you mentioned by falling spot prices. We also saw some stronger volumes additionally in the lubricants business base oil margins also improved with falling feedstock prices. But going forward, expectations for the M&S segment in Q4 are just a seasonal pullback in earnings consistent with what we call mid-cycle Q4 earnings.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Ryan, your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe I think one for me, I guess, on the refining side, you've made a lot of progress in terms of reducing cost structure, improving reliability and utilization rate and even improving capture rate of your refining business. But refining earnings are still struggling in the current environment. I think they're struggling for everybody. But as you -- we're clearly below mid-cycle margins right now. But it still seems like you're a little ways from achieving your target for the refining business even in a mid-cycle environment. I guess, any thoughts on where do you think you are in terms of progress there and what still -- what should we still be looking for over the next 12 months in order to drive the kind of the next leg of improvement and refining profitability?
Mark Lashier: Yes, Ryan, this is Mark. I'll just comment at a high level that I do believe that we're still on that journey. We've pretty dramatically enhanced our cost position and we'll continue to do so. We are focused on being competitive and continuing that journey. And we've also been very deliberate in just working away at these small projects that have quick payouts that enhance our ability to capture the market. And we've got -- in our strategic priorities, we've got things that we see in 2025, things that we see happening by 2026. And so we've got a long list of things that we can continue to work away at in refining to enhance our competitive position and increase our ability to capture value from the marketplace.
Rich Harbison: Yes, so maybe I'll just add a little more color to that. This is Rich. So we had three primary improvement focuses in refining. First, is the cost reduction and that's a slog, right? It's getting in the mud pit, digging it out and pulling out these expenses that are very sticky, takes a lot of organizational effort to do that. I'm very happy with the organization's performance on this. And we've exceeded our expectations, original expectations, and now we've removed over $600 million of cost out of the cost profile for refining. So we're not declaring infinite success with that. We will move to what I'll call a continuous improvement mode on the cost. But I will shift the organization's attention now to the earnings per barrel focus here as we move into the future. And that is taking advantage of what Mark was talking about, which are these small capital projects with high return and we will continue to execute those. We still have a laundry list of those projects to go. But there is also efforts that we utilize our existing equipment and making sure that we are extracting the highest level of value out of that. We see some opportunities across the system. We are going to focus on that and continue to extract that value out. And then of course, Brian's organization is working diligently. This integrated model that we have is really about extracting the value out of the entire value chain. And the commercial organization is the glue that keeps that together. And we've got a lot of number of initiatives that we're working on, on that front. You add all these up; they're well over $1 billion of impact to our earnings at mid-cycle pricing. So I'm very confident that when we get to mid -- back to mid-cycle pricing scenarios that you'll see the performance of the refining organization hit the $4 billion to $5 billion range of earnings.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you. And then maybe one more, as we look at renewable diesel and we think about the path to improvement there, can you maybe walk through how you think about the path to improvement in 2025 both in terms of the broader market? What are some of the levers or kind of moving pieces that you think drive improvement in terms of the macro backdrop and then maybe Rodeo specifically? What are things that you're looking to do that will drive improvement in terms of the profitability there?
Brian Mandell: Sure. This is Brian, Ryan. Maybe to start kind of where we are today, we're still in startup mode for the Renewable segment. So I think we've had some startup costs. We're also running higher or lower CI, but we're also running some higher CI now in Q4. I think if you think about renewable diesel margins going into Q4 and beyond, we think margins are going to strengthen for a number of reasons, feedstock prices remain depressed. There are a number of plants that continue to struggle. Some of the RD production is going to be converted into renewable jet production like some of our competitors on the Gulf Coast and we will do as well. There are less imports into the U.S. tighter West Coast car diesel market with refinery production issues. We've been seen some renewable diesel from our competitors come from the Gulf Coast into the West Coast and then just the stronger credit markets with the tightening of those credit markets and the disincentivizing of biodiesel production. So all those things together I think will drive renewable diesel margins stronger as we go-forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. I wanted to focus a little bit on your central corridor earnings. You were up $65 million quarter-over-quarter or 26% quarter-over-quarter. That is something we haven't seen in the Mid-Con region. It's a very strong help us understand what were the factors helping you out. And we understand you have very good assets over there, but generally talk to us what really helped you out to deliver such a strong performance in Central corridor.
Rich Harbison: Hey Manav, it's Rich. Thanks for pointing that out. We're very happy with the performance of the Central Corridor operation. There's a couple of factors here that played into the outperform. One of the -- margins were higher, which increased mainly due to a favorable impact on our inventory hedges. So with the WTI price falling quarter-over-quarter, that hedge was a positive tailwind for us on that. We also had the benefits of the WCS heavy crude dips, which are included in our indicator but that benefit was also seen in the Mid-Con area as well. There was a 10% increase quarter-over-quarter in the cracks for the region. So we did see that positive move there. And we did see lower product differentials, though, as a result of that as well. Our secondary products also played into this tailwind for the quarter. We saw improved pricing in both the NGLs and the heavy intermediates. And this is all -- we all pulled this all together really with very good operating performance for the region. We had 100% crude utilization and 89% clean product yields, which are two very, very good performances by the assets.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up here is you are at $2.7 billion on asset sale of the $3 billion, but you still have a marketing package out there in Europe. So how should we think about asset sales proceeds for the next 9 months or 12 months?
Rich Harbison: I think the way you should think about it, Manav, is we -- it's part of that portfolio optimization. It's ongoing. We've defined what we think are non-core assets. And I would say that, that $3 billion was considered as a floor that we would hit. And we will continue to evaluate non-core assets and move forward with any dispositions that we view as favorable for us.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. So $3 billion was the floor, not the target, sorry, thank you, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Thank you, and good morning. Your Refining capture hold up pretty well in the third quarter at 92% versus 93% in Q2. Typically, in the fourth quarter, Refinery see some tailwinds here, just from things like lower -- or sorry, higher butane blending volumes. Could you talk about your expectations for capture in the fourth quarter? Do you think it's reasonable to expect a small improvement quarter-over-quarter? Or is it too early to say?
Mark Lashier: I think it's too early to say, Matthew, just one month into the quarter, there's still opportunity for some volatility as we go through the end of the year.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then the West Coast seemed pretty challenging for Phillips and some of your peers in the third quarter. I think the capture fell to 63% versus strong levels in Q2. You obviously made a decision to close the Los Angeles refinery. Can you talk about the headwinds in the third quarter in the West Coast? And whether there's been any improvement so far in the fourth quarter?
Rich Harbison: Yes. This is Rich. I'll talk about some of the headwinds we saw on the West Coast. There's a lot of moving parts, actually. So primarily, we saw a weaker market cracks and weaker feedstock advantages. So those were both the keys to driving lower earnings in that region. Margins decreased with our West Coast indicator falling about 46%. So you saw that if you're tracking along in our indicator, those were primarily driven by Portland and Los Angeles gasoline cracks. Crude deliveries also played into this as well. There was a prior month injection of crude delivered by pipeline coming out of the north from Canada. And in a declining price environment, we also -- we see an impact in that as well versus the benchmark. Secondary product impacts primarily related to heavy intermediate drawdown of inventory. In the second quarter, we built heavy intermediate inventories as a result of maintenance activity at both Los Angeles and Ferndale. And then the drawdown actually occurred in the third quarter, and that happened to occur in a declining price environment as well, impacting the market capture. We are also experiencing some continuing costs associated with the wind down of the Rodeo crude operation. I don't want to forget about that. We expect the majority of this work to be complete by year-end as we prepare a number of the assets for demolition. The demolition costs are currently reserved in our ARO, but that cost to prepare for that demolition is something that we'll see ongoing through the end of this year. And as Kevin indicated in his recap earlier, there was a couple of entries into the quarter that impacted earnings as well from the LAR announcement to idle operations. One is the accelerated depreciation, that $25 million in the quarter. The other was a special item of $41 million, recognizing some benefit obligations associated with that announcement. That all said, the assets actually operated well for the quarter at 93% clean product yield and a 94% crude utilization for the assets, so primarily market-driven factors there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen. Jason, your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask first on the Refining business. And back in the 2022 Analyst Day, there was some guidance for 5% margin capture improvement by 2025. And I think there was some kind of optimization across the portfolio involved in that and some discrete projects involved in that. It sounds like maybe those projects have been a bit delayed. I can't really tell. But how much has capture improved from 2022 tough to compare given the change in indicator. And would you say you're on track with the projects that, that underpinned that capture improvement?
Rich Harbison: Yes. This is Rich again. Short story is we're on track. And how that's all coming together is a series of small capital projects with high return. I mentioned those a little bit earlier. But in 2022 and 2023, we completed a series of projects, roughly 12 to 15 each year. And these are return projects and assuming mid-cycle pricing returned about 3% improvement in market capture associated with those projects. In 2024, we have additional 15 projects that we're executing right now. And those projects will add about 2% of market capture to a mid-cycle priced earnings profile. So add those all up the three years program on this, it comes up to the 5%. That 5% number is equivalent to essentially $400 million of earnings at mid-cycle pricing. So if you -- if we see that environment, I'm very confident that we will see that, that impact and that actually hit into the market capture numbers that we're seeing through the existing indicator, and we'll have to go back and recreate a bridge to the traditional indicator.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. Thanks. My follow-up question is going back to some of the commentary on distributions next year and the balance between deleveraging and buying back shares. There's a few targets out there in terms of debt. There's 25% to 30% net debt to cap. There's $18 billion of net debt. What's kind of the preferred metric investors should look at to determine what the buyback capacity is next year? And how do you feel about the balance sheet going into next year, given all the concern around the refining market environment? Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Jason, it's Kevin. Let me make a couple of comments on that. The leverage target is the 25% to 30% level, but we acknowledge that, that may take a while to get there given the current environment and the absolute -- not just debt level, but also it's debt and equity that drive that calculation. We also are looking at absolute debt at a sub $18 billion on a net debt basis. So we're -- at the end of the third quarter, we were at an $18 billion net debt level, and we'd like to be a little bit lower than that. We do think that we're going to have a fair amount of flexibility going into next year because while the refining environment is weaker than we would like. The other businesses are performing very well. We have the broader portfolio and you're seeing the benefits of that. And we also have some healthy cash that will become available through the asset disposition. So while we've announced $2.7 billion, less than half of that has actually been realized at this point in time. So we've got a fair amount still to come in and there's other transactions that we're working on. So I think we'll still have a lot of flexibility to be able to meet our cash return objectives and make progress on the balance sheet, which as you know is one of our strategic priorities as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Doug, please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Mark, I don't know if you want to take this one, but if we go back and look at the targets you laid out back in 2022, the disposal program, I guess, the acquisition of DCP wasn't in the area, but the disposal program was not explicit in your EBITDA targets. Can you give us some idea -- I'm guessing it's a small number, but what the EBITDA losses from the $2.7 billion of disposals so far.
Mark Lashier: Yes, no, thanks for mentioning that, Doug. As we step back and look at our earnings capacity at mid-cycle projection at $14 billion by the end of 2025. We also recognize that there's parts that are moving in and out of the portfolio. And where we're landing is sometime early next year, we're going to look at the gives and takes -- puts and takes around that number, and we'll come out with a revised mid-cycle earnings capacity and just recognizing that that number is not a projection of our earnings in 2025, but really our mid-cycle earnings capacity in 2025, and we'll be updating everyone on that.
Doug Leggate: You can't put a number around $2.7 billion at this point?
Mark Lashier: We're not prepared to do that right now. We'll revise that early next year.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you. And I guess my follow-up is actually related to that $14 billion. I want to make sure that we don't misspeak about that been a target for 2025. It's obviously a mid-cycle capacity, as you pointed out. But embedded in there is a little over $5 billion of Refining at mid-cycle. And you've obviously -- you've been in the press and quite vocal about your view of what the capacity person takes are globally for the industry. And I'm just curious when you think -- maybe we need to wait until next year, but if you think forward about what you had historically seen as mid-cycle, what some of us thought might be a better mid-cycle that's obviously been kiboshed by the last couple of quarters, obviously. But are you -- I guess, I'm curious whether you think there is still a case for a higher mid-cycle or whether we're battling to hold on to what was the last 10 years as a mid-cycle average.
Mark Lashier: Well, there certainly a lot has changed in the last 10 years. And I think part of our review is we will step back and see what has happened in mid-cycle with respect to inflation inside the crack spreads, where all that comes down. I think it's very different than it was 10 years ago, but we do see enhanced strength in our ability to capture value in our refining assets, and we believe in the long list of things that Rich has talked about and the combination of creating more integration value, our ability of our commercial group to capture more value from the marketplace and a different posture around how we trade around our assets has significantly enhanced our mid-cycle earnings capability in refining. And if you look at 2025, yes, we don't believe that we'll be at mid-cycle in 2025, but we also believe that going forward beyond 2025 that we're going to see global demand growth that will exceed the net impact of capacity additions and rationalizations. And you're seeing more rationalization announcements coming at us and very little beyond the two big refineries that are coming on now, very little capacity addition beyond 2025. And so we've got a fairly bullish outlook in the medium-term.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate your comments, Mark. I look forward to that update. Thanks so much.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: The next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. First, on the cost side for the chem business, with ethane in contango due to natural gas being into contango, also perhaps, and because we have incremental residue capacity coming out of the Permian, allowing for the option to project into 2025. How do you see that impacting chem margins from a macro perspective through 2025? And related to that, just given your processing footprint and your option to project or extract ethane for at least some of your volumes, could that may be a way to bolster earnings across the integrated value chain, midstream and chem in a way that competitors cannot?
Don Baldridge: Hi Theresa, this is Don. I think from an ethane standpoint as it relates to CPChem, I think the advantage of ethane will continue to be there near-term and long-term. So I feel good about that outlook and how that will continue to be beneficial for CPChem's position in the chemical market. With regard to our assets and how we think about it, we do have, obviously, with our gas processing assets, a lot of flexibility in terms of ethane recovery and rejection, and we make those decisions on a day-by-day basis based on market conditions and what our downstream infrastructure is associated with those assets and how to maximize both the throughput as well as the profitability as we push those barrels downstream. So we think we've got, as an integrated player, a really good play kit to utilize and optimize across that gas to ethane and then ethane as a feedstock into the petchem industry. So we think it's going to be an opportunity set that we'll be able to execute on here in the near-term as well as on down through the future.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And turning to the residue side in the Permian. I'd love to get a sense of how you view your exposure there? And you've sold a gas transmission asset outside of the Permian. Do you view your interest in GCX as core to your business, keeping in mind that the two other interests in GCX have consistently transacted with a double-digit multiple and the pipe also recently FID an expansion that's going to cost nearly $0.5 billion on a 100% basis. Is that the best use of your capital? And I'd love to hear your thoughts there.
Don Baldridge: Well, first, I'd say we are very excited to see the customer support behind the GCX expansion. We do think that's a big vote of confidence as to the productivity and the outlook of volume growth in the Permian, which obviously we're a beneficiary of given our footprint there. And we are an active participant in the residue gas marketing space and moving gas out of that basin. So we're pleased with where things situate from that standpoint. And then I mean, probably just reiterate what Mark has said, I mean, we regularly evaluate our portfolio and look for opportunities to high grade where it makes sense. We think that's just the right way to ensure our capital is allocated to the best opportunities. So it will just be part of -- in terms of our GCX interest, it will be no different than the other assets in our portfolio. We'll continually evaluate and make a decision when the time and the opportunities make sense.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning. I think the first question
Mark Lashier: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Hi, good morning, Mark. The first question is for Kevin. I think in the past, you have talked about a $4 billion to $5 billion on the cash balance. I don't know whether that is still the longer-term objective. And also, I'm just curious that given the volatility in the market we are seeing and your -- today, you're already saying that the debt level is a bit higher than what you prefer in the longer-term. Should we still paying out more than 50% of the cash flow or that at least we should say maybe the payout will be lesser for the -- after you finish the $13 billion to $15 billion of the commitment. So that's the first question. The second question is for Rich. You mentioned the Central Corridor; you benefit from the WTI hedges. I presume you are not referring to the CMI -- the CMA, you are actually physical derivative that you get into. Is that just you need for your Central Corridor operation or that you're doing other kind of hedges in the rest of your operation? Thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Paul, it's Kevin. I'll take your first question. I think the $4 billion to $5 billion; it sounds like one of our competitors uses that number for cash. We've said $2 billion to $3 billion is our sort of ideal cash level, which gives us adequate flexibility. And of course, we've also got plenty of other liquidity available to us. So $2 billion to $3 billion is the number that we've been saying in terms of cash balance. And as you can see we were slightly lower than that at the end of the third quarter. On a go-forward basis on cash returns, 50% still feels pretty reasonable as an objective, 50% or more. The dividend is $2 billion. And so that's -- while in theory, that's -- there's flexibility on that. That's not how we think about it. That's a -- we view that as a very much a commitment. And the 50% still leaves adequate room for the other things we want to accomplish. I would also emphasize that we continue to be very disciplined around our capital program, our growth capital. So back two years ago, we said for the next couple of years, 2022 and 2023, we'd have a $2 billion capital budget. While we haven't laid out our capital budget for 2025 yet, we expect that we'll -- we're going to continue to have that discipline around how we make those decisions. So I think when you put all that together, the 50% is still a reasonable number.
Brian Mandell: Hey Paul, this is Brian. Just on the accounting -- for GAAP accounting, you have to mark your hedges and you don't mark the physical until it's sold or moved. And so in a falling market, the hedges make money and the physical doesn't get marked. So that will get marked in the following quarter.
Paul Cheng: Yes. But Brian, is it only for the Central Corridor that you have that or that in other business -- in other region, you also have hedges?
Brian Mandell: Yes, we have it in all regions.
Paul Cheng: So you have it in all regions?
Mark Lashier: It's just much more significant. That's correct.
Kevin Mitchell: The volume are higher.
Mark Lashier: Yes, yes.
Kevin Mitchell: And there was a big move on WTI on this list.
Paul Cheng: So it's only the WTI your hedges?
Brian Mandell: Yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Brian Mandell: We generally hedge with WTI crude, correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, I believe that the enterprise TW products pipeline has started up to PADD 4. Are you seeing that impact in PADD 4 margins yet?
Brian Mandell: No, not yet.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. And then my follow-up is on, I think you kind of referenced this in the comments, but LPG Export have gotten extremely wide, as I'm sure that you're aware. And I think they're expected to stay that way for a few quarters until more export capacity comes online. How much exposure does PSX have to arc and does that increase over the next few quarters?
Don Baldridge: Yes, this is Don. Thanks, Jean Ann. At Freeport, we are experiencing strong demand for LPGs and I would just say we have a portfolio mix of short and long-term contracts there at Freeport as well as really across our whole NGL value chain. So this portfolio approach lets us capitalize on opportunities like we see today across the system. It sort of helps navigate where at any point in time across the NGL value chain, you have some positives from a margin standpoint and some headwinds, so it really helps kind of level out across that value chain, but we are seeing real positive healthy dock fees given the spread today to international markets, the ample supply of vessels and then just a tight existing dock capacity across the Gulf Coast. So we'll get a share of that, and we believe it's a pretty healthy outlook, as you mentioned, for the foreseeable quarters.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions.
Don Baldridge: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Hey, good morning, team, and thanks for taking my questions. So on the macro side, thanks to your comments earlier on the supply outlook. Could you just talk to what you're seeing on the demand side for gasoline diesel in jet within your system as well as your outlook from here?
Brian Mandell: Sure. Hey, this is Brian. Starting with gasoline, global gasoline year-to-date, we're seeing about 1% higher than 2023. European demands a bright spot with sales of gasoline-powered and gasoline hybrid vehicles supporting higher growth in 3Q versus prior 3Q about 4% up. U.S. demand performed well, too, growing over 1% 3Q to -- former 3Q, part of that is the retail prices that were falling considerably with the spot prices. On distillate, year-to-date, distillate global demand was about 1.5% lower -- in the U.S., we saw in 3Q about 2% lower than 3Q. We're seeing some cautiously optimistic comments from some of the freight companies. UPS, for instance, came out last week; it reported positive revenue and profit growth in the third quarter, which followed nearly two years of subpar performance. Also in the global container business, the global container volumes are up. In fact, in August, they hit a record high, so seeing some positive signs there. Jet, year-to-date global jet demand is about 8.5% higher than 2023, driven largely by Asia. Europe and U.S. flight demand is back to 2019 levels, but jet demand isn't quite back to those levels, mostly because of the aircraft efficiency in the fleet.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thank you. And then just shifting to renewable, some peers have talked about seeing a premium for SAF over RD. What are you seeing from a commercial demand standpoint for SAF at Rodeo?
Brian Mandell: Yes. We also see a premium for renewable jet production. I'll caution that in Q4, we're likely not to produce renewable jet we're currently running off higher CI feedstocks for the plant as we prepare for the production tax credit next year, but we expect to be in steady state at renewable diesel -- renewable complex by Q1 of next year. And so by then, you should see us producing renewable jet.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thank you, all.
Rich Harbison: Yes. Maybe just to add a little bit to that color there. We did actually produce sustainable aviation fuel in September. So we have in the past indicated that, that was our intention. We did successfully produce a sustainable aviation field. There's this market anomaly that Brian is talking about here in the fourth quarter that will limit that production. But we will fully intend to be a supplier of sustainable aviation fuel to the marketplace.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing comments.
Mark Lashier: Thanks for all your questions. We delivered strong performance across our differentiated downstream portfolio. Business transformation achieved $1.4 billion of run rate cost reductions and lowered our refining cost by $1 per barrel. Midstream achieved its synergy target and provide stable earnings with attractive growth opportunities. We expect to exceed our $3 billion asset disposition target, having signed agreements to generate $2.7 billion in proceeds to-date. We continue to evaluate assets as part of our ongoing portfolio optimization. I'm proud of our employees' significant achievements toward our commitments. We're confident in our strategy and continued execution on the remaining targets. Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call Jeff or Owen.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2024 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Welcome to the Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Don Baldridge, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe-Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our second quarter earnings call. First, I'd like to introduce Don Baldridge, our new EVP of Midstream and Chemicals. He previously served as the Interim CEO of DCP and brings a wealth of Midstream experience to Phillips 66. I also want to wish Tim Roberts the best in his retirement and thank him for his contributions to Phillips 66, including being instrumental in executing our NGL wellhead-to-market strategy. Let's turn to our second quarter performance. We continue to systematically execute on our strategic priorities, focusing on what we control. The improvements are visible in our results. Since July 2022, we've returned over $11 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We expect to achieve our $13 billion to $15 billion target by the end of the year. Share repurchases will continue to be a priority in our capital allocation plan. We are committed to returning over 50% of our operating cash flows to shareholders. In refining, we're enhancing performance and reducing our cost structure. Crude utilization during the quarter was our highest at over -- in over five years at 98% and clean product yield was 86%. In addition, we've lowered our costs by nearly $1 per barrel. In Midstream, we continue to benefit from synergy capture as we execute on our NGL wellhead-to-market strategy. Earlier this month, we closed on our acquisition of Pinnacle Midstream. It was a bolt-on to our natural gas-gathering and processing business and grows our stable earnings with high-quality 100% fee-based long-term contracts. The assets are strategically located near our existing Permian footprint in the liquids-rich Midland Basin. In the second quarter, we sold our 25% non-operated interest in the Rockies Express Pipeline for $685 million. We generated over $1 billion from asset dispositions toward our previously announced target of more than $3 billion. By the end of the second quarter, the Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex reached full rates with the startup of the second hydrocracker and both pre-treatment units. The complex is processing approximately 50,000 barrels per day of renewable feedstocks. On the next two slides, I'll focus on the improvements we've made to our cost structure. We're approaching our $1.4 billion run rate savings target and the results are hitting the bottom line. Slide 4 provides cost detail at the total company level compared with the first half of 2022. We've supported growing our business while mitigating inflationary impacts through business transformation. We've realized approximately $400 million in cost reductions, including our share of WRB costs. Additionally, we've been successful in driving efficiencies in our logistics spend that flow-through margin, as well as lowering our sustaining capital spend. Slide 5 highlights how our business transformation efforts have translated into a lower refining cost per barrel. Adjusted controllable costs, excluding turnarounds were $5.93 per barrel. We're closing in on our target to lower cost by $1 per barrel. We continue to increase shareholder value through strong operating performance and disciplined capital allocation as we deliver on our strategic priorities. I want to recognize our employees for their hard work and dedication to driving value creation for shareholders. Kevin, over to you.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Slide 6 covers the key financial metrics. Adjusted earnings were $984 million or $2.31 per share. We generated operating cash flow of $2.1 billion and returned $1.3 billion to shareholders. I will now move to Slide 7 to cover the segment results. In the second quarter, we made changes to our segment reporting, including a new segment for our renewable fuels business. The new segment includes the Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex, as well as contributions from the optimization of renewable feedstocks, fuel sales, and credits. We also moved our investment in NOVONIX from the Midstream segment to Corporate and Other. Our slides and other reporting materials reflect these changes and prior-period results have been recast for comparative purposes. Adjusted earnings increased $162 million compared with the prior quarter. Midstream results were up mainly due to higher volumes, including record NGL pipeline and fractionation volumes. In addition, costs were lower reflecting DCP synergy capture. In chemicals, results increased from higher margins. Refining was slightly lower than last quarter. Higher volumes and reduced operating costs mostly offset the impact of lower crack spreads driven by weaker distillate prices. Marketing and Specialties results were higher mostly due to seasonally stronger margins and volumes. Slide 8 shows the change in cash flow. We had strong cash flow aided by working capital and proceeds from asset dispositions. Working capital was a benefit of $916 million, mainly reflecting changes in accounts receivables and payables that include the impact of falling commodity prices. We received $685 million in cash proceeds from the sale of our 25% interest in REX pipeline. Looking ahead to the third quarter, in chemicals, we expect the Global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90%s. In refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low-90%s and turnaround expense to be between $140 million and $160 million. We anticipate Corporate and Other costs to come in between $330 million and $350 million. For the full year, we expect refining turnaround expense to be between $500 million and $530 million. This is a reduction from previous guidance. And finally, in early August, we will begin publishing a monthly refining market indicator on our Investor Relations website. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will wrap up the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning. I guess I'd like to dive in on the cost-cutting -- the cost-savings realizations. You kind of showed a $1 barrel in refining. I just wanted to understand as you look at it, how much of it is, you're running better, which helps on a per barrel basis, and how much of it is structural and we should think about built-in for the long run here.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Roger, we really view it primarily as structural. Of course, there's going to be the influence of our utilization rate. The denominator gets bigger, the number goes down. But we are focused on driving inefficiencies out of our business across the board. And so it's not only sustainable, we are going to continue to improve on that as we go forward. We're going to focus on controlling the things that we can control, drive cost, and efficiency out without impairing our reliability or our utilization. And so that confidence is based on the cost reductions you're seeing. If we -- as the utilization moves around, the numbers will move around, but over time, they will continue to trend down.
Rich Harbison: Yes, maybe I'll just add a little bit more detail to that, Roger. This is Rich over -- in the Refining group. The first half of the year, we reduced our adjusted controllable cost by $0.83 a barrel and maybe that's best explained by the people that are doing it and maybe a couple of examples here of what we're doing. So, we have over 1,000 employees that have engaged in this process with over 1,000 initiatives that have been driven into our ways of working and actually reducing inefficiencies from the business. And probably no better way to say that than maybe an example here. So, one of the examples is actually using our midstream experience. We do tank turnarounds in refining. We do a lot of tank turnarounds, but our costs were very high on that compared to our midstream part of our organization. So we took the best practices out of the midstream organization, applied them to the refining organization, we were able to drive $5 million a year out of the tank turnaround process. That's one concrete example of how we're changing how we work. There's also another example of our hydrogen plant operations. And we went through an engineering process and reviewed a lot of the engineering principles used to operate that piece of equipment and we changed the steam to carbon ratio through a detailed review. And that ultimately ends up reducing fuel usage, which drove $5.6 million a year of fuel usage out of our cost profile. You add all these thousands of initiatives up and they're well over $600 million of structural costs that's been removed from the system. So I'm very confident that that money, that dollar, that spend has been removed from our cost profile. And it's because of this fantastic work that's been done by our employees. And as Mark indicated, this dollar per barrel will move around with utilization, but that structural change of that cost profile has been removed.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Roger and we've got this mindset now of relentless pursuit of cost efficiencies, but really relentless pursuit of value-creation across the board. And that's what's going to sustain this. We're not -- we're going to transition from business transformation to business excellence as we go forward and you're going to see a sustained focus on value-creation through lower costs and greater efficiencies.
Roger Read: I appreciate that. Maybe shifting gears a little bit since it's now broken out separately, Rodeo Renewable diesel. Give us kind of an idea of how you think that progresses, right? First, you prove you can run it, which clearly you're doing here at 50,000 barrels a day. Now I would have presume it's about getting the advantaged feedstock through the system. Maybe just an idea of where you are with that in terms of the PTU and kind of the market dynamics there to get that business maybe to, let's say, breakeven and then profitable?
Mark Lashier: Absolutely, Roger. Thanks for the question. First of all, I just want to congratulate the team at Rodeo. They did an incredible job of safely commissioning and ramping up the new facility ahead of schedule, working through all the typical challenges of commissioning. We've got everything online, including both the pre-treatment units. And like I said earlier, we're processing 50,000 barrels a day of renewable feedstocks. And as we speak, we're transitioning to lower CI materials as we optimize the economic performance of the assets. And so we're well positioned on the West Coast to deliver those renewable fuels all the way out to the retail end-user and we'll also be producing renewable jets that we can feed into sustainable aviation fuel. So, the commercial team works globally to secure consistent supplies of a wide range of feedstocks to ensure that we can optimize on the most economic feedslate possible and we've got the pull through to our retail stations that we've built-out in our last-mile strategy around this asset. So we believe that we're well-positioned with a very large-scale facility, has scale advantages, logistics advantages, and market access advantages, and we're going to exploit all those going forward.
Rich Harbison: Yes. So maybe just a little bit more color here. This is Rich again. The pre-treatment unit provides the flexibility and ability to really look at the various feedstocks out there in the marketplace. So we will begin the transition to lower our CI feedstocks, our carbon intensity of our feedstocks. We've been running roughly the soybean in the 50, 55 range. And we're going to work on lowering that here in the third quarter and that continues to lower in the fourth quarter. I wouldn't want to make sure we caution everybody though, not to be overly focused on carbon intensity because value is really driven by multiple factors that include a deliver feedstock cost to the Rodeo facility, the yield structure through the pre-treatment and eventually through the hydrocracking process as well as the carbon intensity value. So, those are all combined into the value proposition. We will also start the production of sustainable aviation fuel or renewable jet in the third quarter here and continue to offer that. We will offer that to the marketplace in the fourth quarter of this year. The facility will be able to blend up to 20,000 barrels a day of sustainable aviation fuel. The Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex, it's open for business. We're pretty excited about it. It's been a journey to get here. And maybe I'll pass it over to Brian a little bit and he can add some more color to the marketplace.
Brian Mandell: Well, some comments on the marketplace. Biofuels margins were positive in Q2, but they were kind of on the lower end of the range. Even though U.S. renewable diesel fuel consumption was up 10% versus Q1, and we even saw an open up to Europe. So, what I'd say is looking further in the future, we think RD margins will begin to improve, have a list of reasons. First, more renewable jet will be produced. As Rich said, we're working on that in Q3 and Q4 at our own plant and that will reduce the supply of renewable diesel. We see more marginal biodiesel producers continuing to shut. Our RIN prices may increase to make up for the PTC impacts. Demand for distillates in general, we think will begin to firm and the basis will firm, West Coast basis has been very low. Veg oils prices, we think are likely to fall with the addition of crushing plants in the U.S. and Canada. And finally, the PTC program could potentially back-out international imports of renewable diesel. So I would, I guess, end by saying with all that said, there still remains a lot of regulatory uncertainty for next year, including credit programs, potential tariffs, clean-energy policy, and policies aimed at protecting farmers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Mark and team. Very solid set of results. One of the big deltas versus our model was in Midstream. And so I wanted to give you guys an opportunity to talk about the momentum you're seeing there, particularly with the NGL price realizations and volumes. And any color about what we should carry forward here?
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Neil. Yes, the Midstream had a great quarter, strong volumes and they're benefiting from the synergy capture and the business transformation cost reductions they're experiencing as well. So I'll turn it over to Don and he'll get his first shot in the barrel here.
Don Baldridge: Hi, Neil, thanks for the question. Yes, when you look at our second quarter results, certainly the improved costs are a standout. I mean, I think that's a testament to our continued focus on the DCP integration work. We completed the last major milestone of our DCP integration in Q1. So, that was really around our back office and our IT system. So that's positioned us well for some organizational efficiencies and cost savings that give us a lot of confidence in hitting our synergy capture for the DCP transaction. But as you mentioned, our NGL volume performance was quite strong throughout the quarter. That's really a testament to the team running quite well, all of our assets. We've got just a lot of positive momentum in the basins that we're connected to and able to run that volume through our system. So, it's really great to see that. From a pricing standpoint, actually, pricing was a little off for the quarter compared to the previous one, but I think it's really the throughput and the fee-based performance that's driving the business. And I'd say as we pivot to Q3, there's some seasonality in our Q2, some one-timers. But as you look at Q3, we'll have some volume impact with the Hurricane Beryl, taken some power outages at some of the some of the systems that we're connected to, so that would have a volume impact. But I think we are in a good spot and really feel like we're executing well on our wellhead-to-market strategy.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, team. And then the follow-up is just on asset sales. Can you remind us where we stand around -- specifically around the retail and marketing sale in Europe and how we're tracking towards the $3 billion target broadly.
Mark Lashier: Yes, thanks, Neil. We are in active discussions around those assets. There's been strong interest. We have got a number of players interested in those assets. And so we won't really comment further, but it would be a significant step in our asset disposition program.
Operator: The next question comes from John Royall with JPMorgan. John, please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my first question is on your path back to your leverage target. I think you're sitting at 36% today and I think you've made clear the priority is return of capital in terms of hitting the return of capital target versus the leverage target of this year. But looking into next year, is there a path to get you back to target levels? Are the expected asset sales enough to get you there? Or is there a possibility you could see an adjustment down on returns of capital to get yourself back in that range? And I think Mark reiterated the 50% target in his comments on the return of capital, but just any commentary there would be helpful.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, John, it's Kevin. So as you alluded, we will hit the $13 billion to $15 billion target range this year. We're well on our way to that. As we all know, the refining margin right now is a weaker environment than we've seen in a little while, but nonetheless, we're still confident in our ability to return cash and meet targets. But that does mean the balance sheet may take a little impact in the near term. But when we look ahead to next year, we're quite confident in the cash-generating capabilities of the business. We have EBITDA growth coming and we also expect to generate cash from asset dispositions. So when you put all that together, we feel quite confident that we can both return greater than operating cash flow to shareholders, which we have committed as a target. And at the same time, manage the balance sheet to where we want it to be. We're not giving absolute dollar cash return targets for next year. At this point, that will be something we'll evaluate in the second half of the year. But we think by the time we get through next year, we'll be in a good spot with regards to cash returns to shareholders and balance sheet.
John Royall: Great. Thanks, Kevin. And then my follow-up on the M&A side. The Pinnacle acquisition, I think, demonstrated that you're looking at both the buy-side and the sell-side in terms of M&A. And can you talk more about the buy-side? Is there more to do maybe around the midstream business or what else might you look to bolt-on or maybe the Pinnacle was -- acquisition was more of a one-off and we shouldn't expect more acquisitions.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, John. We've laid out and built out this Wellhead-to-market midstream backbone, and we think that we have the ability to leverage into assets like Pinnacle. Pinnacle, I would say, instead of being a one off, it kind of epitomizes what we're looking for there. Assets that connected to our system can generate more value than they would be standing alone with their existing owners. And Pinnacle was a great acquisition because we were able to pick up this asset that is immediately accretive, that's backed by solid fee-based contracts, and it also affords us an opportunity to almost on a shovel-ready basis to add to that position organically. So it's kind of an inorganic and organic play and we're able to get it at good value and be accretive from the get-go. And so I think things like that in that ballpark are exactly the kinds of opportunities we're looking for to enhance our wellhead-to-market position, particularly in the Permian Basin.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Ryan, please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Yes, thanks. Maybe the first one for me, as we think about, you're a few months into operations now with the TMX pipeline. Can you maybe talk about what you've seen in terms of impact on Canadian crude availability, pricing, impacts on the West Coast dynamics at all? And then maybe more broadly, your outlook for heavy crude differentials over the back half of this year?
Brian Mandell: Yes. Hi, this is Brian. I'd say that so far the pipeline is running 650,000 to 675,000 barrels, heading to 700,000 barrels by end of the year. About two-thirds of the incremental TMX barrels have been going to Asia, which has been a bit of a surprise for us and about a third to the West Coast. We benefit from barrels to the West Coast in both our Ferndale and particularly in our L.A. refineries. I think as we think about going forward, we've seen additions of Canadian production of up to 200,000 barrels by the end of year we think. And so we think basically those barrels will continue to grow. And in 2, 2.5 years, 3 years, we think increased Canadian production will put more pressure on the pipelines. The pipelines will be full once again and that will widen out the differentials.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks for that detail. And then maybe just a question is, if we frame your refining utilization guidance for the third quarter, it's a bit lower than what you were running during the second quarter. Is this primarily driven by turnaround activity or some commercial pullback in operations given margin headwinds? And maybe put that in the context of more broadly, what you're seeing in terms of kind of the refining macro as you look over the next quarter or two?
Rich Harbison: No, I'll start here with the third -- this is Rich. I'll start with the third quarter guidance there on utilization. We're actually guiding down right now because we do see softening in the market, and particularly in some regions on the coast, both West and East Coast. But we're also going to take this opportunity as well to do some discretionary maintenance as the market has softened a little bit. And that's fully intended to ensure we remain in a position to be able to run strong when the market returns and conditions improve. But we do see a little bit of softening right now in the marketplace. On a more broader approach, I'll probably -- I'll turn that over to Brian there to talk about the broader macro components.
Brian Mandell: Sure, So just thinking about a gasoline diesel jet, maybe start with gasoline. What we're seeing is global gasoline demand up about 1%, but down about 1% in the U.S. Our gasoline margins in Q2 were about where they were in Q1, but have been firming in the last few weeks with some larger refineries and extended outages. We've seen U.S. gasoline inventories fall now to below five-year averages and exports running about 900,000 barrels a day. But as Rich mentioned, we've been seeing economic run cuts, recent DOEs have shown a stronger implied gasoline and diesel demand. But week-to-week, the DOEs can be somewhat noisy. So we think with fall turnarounds and everything I've mentioned, this should help balance out the markets on gasoline. On the diesel, global diesel demand has been down about 1% to 1.5%, but maybe slightly more in the U.S. and Europe of late. We've seen the U.S. truck tonnage recover some. It was off 2.7% in Jan through April, and in May, it was up 1.8%. So U.S. distillate stocks have also fallen a good bit under five-year average now. And then finally, the really bright spot is the global jet demand remains strong, 10% year-over-year, strong passenger throughput. In fact, in the U.S., throughput is now above 2019 levels, U.S. jet demand up about 4%. And I'd say, finally, although jet inventories are high in the U.S., U.S. jet cracks are generally leading gasoline and diesel in all regions.
Mark Lashier: Yes, at the 50,000-foot level, Ryan, I think that your refineries across the U.S. industry ran very well last quarter. And you think about what we've gone through in the last few years, the economics have been very strong for the U.S. refining fleet. Everybody's had the cash flow to repair and clean up all of their equipment and it all came together, I think, last quarter, and then you have a little bit of the impact of some of the long-anticipated new volumes coming into market. But as we look out into the medium and long term, we see several things. U.S. remains advantaged versus much of the rest of the world. There's limited capacity growth beyond 2025 and global demand continues to increase. So, when we look at the medium and long term, supply and demand will realign and we remain bullish on the medium, long-term refining fundamentals. So I think we've got even better days to come.
Ryan Todd: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead, Matthew.
Matthew Blair: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, on the refining side, your capture did move down in the second quarter, which seemed pretty understandable, just given some of the challenges on co-products, as well as narrowing crude diffs. Could you talk about the trends on capture so far in the third quarter? Do you expect things to improve here? And also, you mentioned in the midstream side a little bit of a headwind from the hurricane. Were any of your refining assets impacted in the third quarter?
Rich Harbison: Hi, Matt, this is Rich. Let me -- I'll start with the second question first. The hurricane impacts for our operation were minimal to none, I would characterize them. They -- there was no substantial impact to any of the refining assets. There were some logistics -- surrounding support logistics impacts, primarily on the electrical supply front, which were very short-term lived. And we were able to get those assets supplied up with some electricity and back online and back in the market very, very quickly. Third quarter, it's off to a reasonable start. Certainly some carryover from the second quarter, but generally, we don't provide that much level of guidance in the level of third quarter. As far as operationally, we don't have any -- other than our turnaround guidance that we've provided there and the outlooks, and our utilization where we think it will be is reflective of what we see the market. Kevin here can provide a little bit more detail on that from his point of view.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Matt, I was just going to emphasize the point that I made earlier on that, next, we will start publishing our new refining indicator, which is a -- it will be a closer reflection of our actual assets, geographies, yield structures, crude slates. And so, we'll be -- we'll publish that for July next week. And so, we would expect our actual realized margin to track closer with that new indicator than our historic, more generic 3-2-1 crack. So you'll get a little bit of a look next week when we get that out on our website.
Matthew Blair: Looking forward to it. Thanks. And then on the chem side, could you talk about your expectations for polyethylene pricing in the back half of the year? I'm seeing spot prices that are already up almost $0.02 a pound even since the start of Q3. And any sort of insights you have on just overall PE demand, and inventory levels would be helpful, too. Thanks.
Mark Lashier: Yes, absolutely, Matt. CPChem continues to operate really, really well, and they're seeing strengthening demand in North America, as well as strengthening exports, which would certainly support the view that margins would continue to recover. European producers are struggling with the current cost environment, and Middle East producers face some export challenges because of the Red Sea-Suez Canal access; all on balance, favorable to CPChem. So we're seeing those margins gradually improve and we continue to be constructive medium to long term as the value chain works out of that trough that we saw a few quarters ago. And I think we do see the inventory position improving, particularly domestically, which -- also, since the U.S. is a large exporter now, lower domestic inventories indicates that the world markets are stronger, too.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first one I wanted to ask is on the mid-cycle EBITDA guidance that you have previously spoken about at -- I think it's $13 billion to $14 billion, if I'm not mistaken. How is that trending so far? Do you still feel confident in that outlook? And where do you see some divergences between the outlook and the different segments? Thanks.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, Jason. We continue to believe that $14 billion is the EBITDA that we can generate at mid-cycle conditions and that we will be in position by 2025, given the mid-cycle conditions, to achieve that $14 billion. Now, I want to be clear that this isn't guidance for 2025 that we believe that we will have the projects, the cost structure, the initiatives in place to achieve the $14 billion if we were at mid-cycle across the board. And whether or not we'll be at mid-cycle in all of our operating units in 2025 is another discussion. I think you've seen the strong performance in midstream. We see midstream at or above mid-cycle. Strong performance in marketing and specialties. Chemicals is recovering, but not likely to be at mid-cycle. We don't believe -- well, we haven't really established a mid-cycle for renewable fuels, but we don't believe that the renewable fuels segment will be at what we are inferring as a mid-cycle for that segment. And I think the big question is around refining. And we continue to execute projects to upgrade the value of the streams that we control, to enhance the market capture through our commercial operations. We continue to lower our costs, and we talked about how sustainable those cost improvements are. And that's what gives us the confidence that we will that see refining able to contribute to that $14 billion of mid-cycle EBITDA.
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks. And my follow-up's specifically on midstream. It's been pretty volatile since the close of the DCP deal, $100 million-plus EBITDA swings quarter-to-quarter in a segment that we typically think of as being more stable quarter-to-quarter. Could you just give us a sense of why that volatility has been occurring and if you expect the segment to be this volatile moving forward? Thanks.
Don Baldridge: Yes, this is Don Baldridge. I think some of that volatility is really a reflection of the integration efforts and timing of the integration. And so, as I mentioned, we're just finishing up the last major milestone in Q1 of our IT and back office systems. And I think that's going to really help us kind of normalize and eliminate a lot of the variability that you may have seen through the timing and sequence of the integration efforts. So my expectation is that we're on track to the $3.6 billion EBITDA guidance. If you look at our kind of trailing four quarters, we're on that path, and I think you're going to see us stabilize around that $675 million a quarter of IBT. So that's how we see it, and I think we're well positioned to start delivering on that.
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, guys. I apologize, my line dropped earlier, so I think I lost my place, but I appreciate you taking my questions. So, guys, I wanted to come back to the question of the medium-term refining outlook. I think you know where we've been historically on this. But our concern right now is that everybody, including yourself, is running really well. Whiting is back, for example. Utilization is on top of new capacity that's been added both here and elsewhere. And I guess, my question is, when you talk about medium term, does it require another major turnaround cycle to clean up the capacity congestion we're seeing? Because it seems that the U.S. can handle 95% utilization as a generic level.
Mark Lashier: I think as I talked about earlier, Doug, you're seeing a number of positive factors around utilization aligned in the last quarter. And historically, it's just not been sustainable to see that level of utilization across the industry. So, everything is clean, shiny, bright, new, and operating very well across the industry. And I think that you will see that, yes, it will roll into a normal turnaround cycle as things naturally evolve. So I don't think you'll see the kind of utilizations we witnessed on a sustainable basis across the industry.
Doug Leggate: Yes, it seems that everybody is running well post COVID, it seems. But I appreciate that. We'll continue to watch it. I guess, I listened to your comments about renewable diesel and the $14 billion. And obviously, mid-cycle is a moving target. But can you help us with what you're seeing since the plant came up versus, let's say, that $700 million benchmark? Do you have any line of sight on RINs sorting themselves out to the point where that becomes a realistic target, or do you feel like you need to reset that lower at some point?
Mark Lashier: Yes, I think that RINs, LCFS, producer's tax credits, all are in -- are responding to the increased volumes. And the various jurisdictions will, over time, respond to ensure that there's incentives to run. Brian is our expert in those matters, but we're constructive on it in the long run.
Brian Mandell: Yes. And I'd say we're not ready to adjust our mid-cycle yet. We'll see. But you have to have the credits to incentivize people to run renewable diesel. And so, we think, over time, those incentives will be there.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And part of what you're seeing now is just the length in distillate. So, that's a big part of renewable diesel that has to -- all those incentives have to float on top, just the base value of distillate. And there's quite a bit of volume that's been brought to the market and I think you'll see markets respond and realign around that.
Doug Leggate: Great. Thanks for your answers, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi, guys, good afternoon or good morning, your time. First, Tim, congratulations on the retirement and thank you for the help. And also, thanks for the -- giving -- breaking out renewable diesel business and also that -- some of the new chart in your presentation is helpful. Two questions. First, TMX, do you gentlemen believe that the impact in the West Coast market is already fully felt at this point or that you think additional changes may still come? And from that standpoint, how that impact your West Coast refining operation, if any? Have you changed the way how you run it? That's the first question.
Brian Mandell: So, maybe I'll start. I think that TMX is almost up to what we think will be full capacity, 700,000 barrels a day. So we think, currently, if Asia continues taking the same two-thirds of the barrels, we're basically seeing the impact that it will have. And as far as our refineries, I've mentioned that we've got more barrels in the Ferndale, but its biggest impact has been on LA, where we're able to get more barrels into LA at advantaged prices.
Paul Cheng: And just curious, I mean, if we're looking at California, I think three months ago, we had this conversation, where we thought in the summer, California will be very strong margin, given you shut down Rodeo early in the year. But that was not the case. And so, do you have any sense that, I mean, how the demand seems? You have retail operation in California. Can you tell us that how is the California market shaking up in terms of demand?
Brian Mandell: Yes. So, I would say that after we shut Rodeo, the gasoline production there to make our renewable diesel, many market players, including us, Phillips 66, saw a need and an opportunity to resupply the market to ensure that California gasoline demand was met. And so, during Q2, more supply than needed made its way into the market and it put pressure on the basis and the margin basis came off $0.80 per gallon. But as the markets adjust to less domestic supply and more international supply, which will come in and ensure the market remains balanced, so timing of ships and imports into the market may cause some volatility from time to time, as we saw recently with the oversupply, Paul.
Paul Cheng: But I mean, how is your retail service station over there? How they perform? In terms of the same-store sales, can -- is there any information you can share?
Brian Mandell: Yes. Demand in the West Coast has been off some, but the stores and the performance and marketing have been strong. So, I would say that we're seeing some same-store sales demand off slightly, but not much. And we've seen the business doing well.
Paul Cheng: I see. Okay, good news. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi. Going back to the early discussion of the Permian NGL build-out, for additional processing capacity growth from here, how do you balance the ability to grow organically versus inorganically, just given your midstream competitors on the NGL side right in the same area of the Midland, spending around $200 million per 200 MMcf per day processing plant built organically versus purchasing at over 2x that rate, plus the option to build another plant? Does the Pinnacle acquisition give you more organic opportunities in general or will a lot of this have to come inorganically?
Mark Lashier: Yes, Theresa, I think that when you think about the Pinnacle acquisition, it does just that. And yes, we understand that a -- the newbuild multiple would be lower than the multiple you'd have to pay for a going concern. And you have to remember that we also brought in some very good high-quality, long-term fee-based contracts. And so, with an inorganic acquisition, you get to turn that earnings on instantaneously and you've got the contracts already there in place, and they're solid and you know exactly what you're getting. Organic growth, of course, there's a time lag. And so, you build it, you've got the construction risk, the time lag risk, and then you've got to go out and contract it. We're not adverse to doing that, but we think where we can bring in high-quality existing assets, backed by strong contracts tied right in the middle of our system, it makes tremendous sense. And we'll continue to look at organic opportunities as well. So it's not an and, it's not an either/or, but if the opportunity is right, we'll acquire. If we need to build, we'll build.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And as we look from now to the end of the decade and the sheer volume of upcoming Permian to Mont Belvieu NGL contract roll-off or Permian to Gulf Coast in general, how should we think about the weighted average rate on Sand Hills with all the legacy contracts in mind compared with the current going rate of, call it, mid-single digit cents per gallon?
Don Baldridge: Sure. This is Don. Yes, if you look at our pipeline system, almost 80% of that is contracted under long term, over five years in duration. And so, as we see contract terms shift, we're pretty comfortable with our outlook. There's some obviously, volumes that we recontract on a go-forward regular basis that are closer to the current market. But we feel pretty good about our outlook in terms of our earnings power across our -- over our broad NGL long-haul pipelines.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Hi, team. Thanks for taking my questions. So I wanted to ask more on the regional dynamic side. So I know you mentioned some weakness on the coasts, but what are you seeing in the central corridor in terms of balances and margins there?
Rich Harbison: Thanks, Joe. This is Rich. So on the coasts, let's start on the Atlantic Basin side. Margin decreases did materialize and they really centered around the distillate pricing. And then we also saw some impacts on our secondary products. And what was happening on the secondary products was their prices were dropping as crude prices were rising. So, that was the bigger impact to market capture and margin collection on the Atlantic Basin. Now that -- on our operation, that was partially offset by strong operating performance. The assets ran at 98% utilization and they also had a high clean product yield of 87%. So our efforts to continue to improve the business are offsetting these swings in -- that we're seeing in the marketplace. On the West Coast, volumes were primarily higher for us due to the absence of a first-quarter turnaround at our Los Angeles refinery. The West Coast utilization was sitting at a nice 93% and the clean product yields were also up at 86%. So the plants were running well and putting product on the market. What we saw on our West Coast, the change in refining was primarily due to moving the San Francisco refinery Rodeo into the renewable fuels segment. So, we saw that move some costs out of refining and into the renewable fuel segment. But the West Coast operation always to remember, it is our highest operation -- cost operating -- high-cost operation in our portfolio. And Mark -- or Brian has gone through the demand and the margins on the West Coast. So I think that was enough color on that front. But we see that shift from San Francisco out of the refining into the renewable segment, kind of cleaning up our profile on the West Coast there. And then the Central Coast -- or central corridor, I should say, the margins, what I saw in my numbers were the margins were relatively flat with two things occurring in that. We saw a benefit of an inventory impact that was a headwind in the first quarter. There was a $100 million inventory swing. So we saw that. So when we're looking at it quarter-over-quarter, that impact was not existing in the second quarter and that was mostly offsetting lower feedstock advantages doing to the -- our discussion around Trans Mountain Pipeline and the lower Canadian crude differentials. Our assets in the central corridor ran very well at 102% utilization, which is an outstanding performance by that part of the organization.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks for all the detail there. Shifting gears a little bit. I was hoping you could talk to the outlook for the marketing and specialties business here. So, 2Q and 3Q are typically seasonally stronger periods, but anything you could share on the setup for the rest of the year? And then I also think there were some minor changes with Rodeo getting broken out. So any color there would be great. Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Yes. This is Brian. We had a good quarter in Q2 with earnings increases seasonally from Q1. Our marketing business in U.S. and Europe along with lubricants business all showing improvements from prior quarter on the back of seasonality and falling prices. So we think that will continue in Q3. Seasonality in Q3 is usually good for the [technical difficulty]. And to your point on the renewable segment, we've moved the value of the marketing renewables business to the new segment, which is about $30 million to $50 million per quarter.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing comments.
Mark Lashier: Thank you for all your questions. Our team is executing across the board and delivering on our strategic priorities. The business transformation that we've been going through is driving $1 billion of cost reductions per year and lowering our refining costs per barrel. And we've got strong refining availability that contributed to our highest crude utilization rate in over five years and Midstream reported near-record results, benefiting from strong operating performance and continued synergy capture. At Rodeo, we're processing approximately 50,000 barrels per day of renewable feedstocks. We're optimizing our portfolio to generate incremental shareholder value and increase shareholder returns. Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call Jeff or Owen.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-26 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2024 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Lydia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 Jeff, you may begin. 
Jeffrey Dietert: Welcome to Phillips 66 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, the CFO; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. 
 Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our first quarter earnings call. We continued to progress our strategic priorities and we returned significant cash to our shareholders. While our crude utilization rates were strong during the quarter, our results were affected by maintenance that limited our ability to make higher-value products. We were also impacted by the renewable fuels conversion at Rodeo as well as the effect of rising commodity prices on our inventory hedge positions. 
 Currently, our assets are running near historical highs, and we are ready to meet peak summer demand. Before we provide an update on our strategic priorities, we want to recognize our Midstream, Refining and Chemicals businesses, which have all received honors for their exemplary safety performance in 2023. 
 Our Midstream gathering and processing business received the Top 2023 GPA Safety Award in the large operator division. In Refining, the Rodeo and Sweeny facilities both received the AFPM Distinguished Safety Award, which is the highest annual safety award in the industry. This was Sweeny refinery's third straight year to receive the honor. 
 The Ponca City Refinery earned the Elite Platinum Award and the Lake Charles Refinery secured the Elite Gold Award. In Chemicals, CPChem received 2 AFPM Safety Awards. I'm very proud of our employees and the employees of CPChem for their commitment to safety. I would like to congratulate them on a job well done. 
 Today, beginning on Slide 4, we'll highlight the progress we've made on our strategic priorities. Next, we'll discuss our first quarter financial results. Then we look forward to your questions. 
 We previously announced plans to monetize assets that no longer meet our long-term objectives, and we set a target to generate over $3 billion in proceeds. The expected proceeds will support our strategic priorities, including returns to shareholders. This quarter, we launched a process to divest our retail marketing business in Germany and Austria and communicated the plans to employees. Completion of the dispositions is subject to satisfactory market conditions and customary approvals. 
 We have distributed almost $10 billion through share repurchases and dividends since July of 2022. Over the remaining 3 quarters of 2024, we expect to achieve our $13 billion to $15 billion target. Share repurchases will continue to be an important component of our capital allocation. We're committed to return over 50% of our operating cash flows to shareholders. 
 Recently, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly dividend, contributing to a 16% compound annual growth rate since 2012. The dividend increase reflects the confidence we have in our growing mid-cycle cash flow generation and our disciplined approach to capital allocation, including a secure, competitive and growing dividend. 
 In Refining, we continue to run at crude utilization rates above the industry average for the fifth consecutive quarter. We remain focused on improving performance, increasing market capture and reducing costs to enhance our earnings per barrel. We have achieved over $560 million or more than $0.80 per barrel in run rate cost reductions from business transformation. We expect to achieve our full $1 per barrel run rate target by the end of the year. 
 In Midstream, our NGL wellhead-to-market business is focused on capturing operating and commercial synergies of over $400 million by year-end 2024. Midstream's estimated 2024 mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA is $3.6 billion, providing stable cash generation that covers the company's top capital priorities: funding sustaining capital and the dividend. 
 During the first quarter, we achieved a major milestone with the start-up of our Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex. Slide 5 summarizes our journey to transform the San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The facility benefits as a superior location to secure renewable feedstocks and market renewable fuels. The project leverages existing assets and is expected to generate strong returns. 
 We began producing renewable diesel from our Unit 250 hydrotreater in April of 2021. We have gained valuable operational experience and market knowledge that positions us for success in our expanding renewable fuels business. Unit 250 continues to exceed expectations and has increased production to approximately 10,000 barrels per day. 
 Our Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex is producing 30,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels. We're on track to increase production capability to full rates of approximately 50,000 barrels per day by the end of the second quarter. Once complete, we'll have the ability to produce renewable jet, a key component of sustainable aviation fuel. 
 We're proud of the team's strong project execution and appreciate their commitment to operating excellence in achieving this significant milestone. The Rodeo Renewable Energy Complex positions Phillips 66 as a world leader in renewable fuels. 
 Slide 6 provides an update on business transformation progress. Our run rate savings were $1.24 billion at the end of the first quarter, comprised of $940 million of cost reductions and $300 million of sustaining capital efficiencies. 
 Through the first quarter, we've achieved $750 million in annualized cost reductions. The majority of these cost reductions relate to refining operating and SG&A expenses as well as benefits to equity earnings and gross margin. We are on track to realize $1 billion of cost reductions in 2024 to sustain higher cash generation. 
 Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results, I want to stress that the market fundamentals are good, our assets are running well, and we have a clear path to achieving our strategic priorities and growing cash flows. 
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Slide 7 summarizes our first quarter results. Adjusted earnings were $822 million or $1.90 per share. Operating cash flow, excluding working capital, was $1.2 billion. We received distributions from equity affiliates of $348 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $628 million, including $171 million for a Midstream joint venture debt repayment. We distributed $1.6 billion to shareholders through $1.2 billion of share repurchases and $448 million of dividends. Net debt-to-capital ratio was 38%. 
 Slide 8 highlights the change in results by segment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $540 million, mostly due to lower results in Refining, Midstream and Marketing and Specialties, partially offset by improved results in Chemicals. 
 In Midstream, first quarter adjusted pretax income of $613 million was down $141 million from the prior quarter, reflecting lower results in transportation and NGL. Transportation results were down mainly due to a decrease in throughput and deficiency revenues, partially offset by seasonally lower maintenance costs. The NGL business decreased primarily due to a decline in margins as well as lower volumes, reflecting impacts from winter storms.  
 Chemicals adjusted pretax income increased $99 million to $205 million in the first quarter. This increase was mostly due to higher polyethylene margins, driven by improved sales prices and the decline in feedstock costs as well as lower turnaround costs. Global O&P utilization was 96%. 
 Refining first quarter adjusted pretax income was $228 million, down $569 million from the fourth quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower realized margins. Our commercial results were less favorable than the previous quarter, in part due to inventory hedging impacts in a rising price environment and less advantageous pipeline arbs. 
 In addition, realized margins decreased due to lower Gulf Coast clean product realizations. Our Refining results and market capture of 69% were also negatively impacted by maintenance activities on downstream conversion units as well as the renewable fuels conversion at Rodeo. 
 Marketing and Specialties adjusted first quarter pretax income was $345 million, a decrease of $87 million from the previous quarter. The decrease was mainly due to lower domestic marketing and lubricant margins. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 21%. 
 Slide 9 shows the change in cash during the first quarter. We started the quarter with a $3.3 billion cash balance. Cash from operations, excluding working capital, was $1.2 billion. There was a working capital use of $1.4 billion, mainly reflecting a $2.6 billion increase in inventory, partially offset by benefits and accounts payables and receivables, which included the impact of rising commodity prices. 
 Net debt issuances were $802 million. We returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Additionally, we funded $628 million of capital spending. Our ending cash balance was $1.6 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items for the second quarter. 
 In Chemicals, we expect the second quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the second quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. Turnaround expense is expected to be between $100 million and $120 million, excluding Rodeo. We anticipate second quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $330 million and $350 million, reflecting higher net interest expense. 
 Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: I guess the first question was just Refining in the quarter. The capture rates were really noisy at 69%. I know you guys target 75%. It looks like a lot of that was on the West Coast because of Rodeo and then also secondary products. So you alluded to some of this in the prepared remarks, but maybe you can just talk a little bit about what happened there and your confidence about the progression as we work our way through the year. 
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, that's a great question. Thank you for asking that. The way I'm looking at this is those first quarter headwinds that you mentioned in Refining are all related to activities that will position us to deliver medium- and long-term tailwinds in support of our strategic priorities. And so it's some of the fundamental work going on around Rodeo and some of the work around our turnarounds are critically important. 
 And Rich and Kevin can drive into that a little bit more. And including some of the activities in commercial that we underwent over the last several quarters, that will contribute to our long-term success. So Rich, do you want to dive in? 
Richard Harbison: Yes, Mark. And Neil, when I reflect back on the quarter, I look at the metrics, and we ran pretty well. But the market capture, obviously, was challenged, and it was primarily driven by activity in the Gulf Coast and the West Coast. We achieved about an 84% clean product yield, which, for our assets, is pretty good. It's actually 1% higher year-over-year. 
 So it is a sign that our margin projects are actually playing into the bottom line here as we move forward. However, quarter-over-quarter, we were 3% lower than the fourth quarter. 1% of that very clearly is seasonal. It's butane blending related to our conversion as we move towards summer gasoline over the quarter. 
 Another 2% is really related to our turnaround activity, and this was principally focused in the downstream catalytic units across our system, and it was concentrated in the Gulf Coast area. This has really 2 effects when it comes to market capture and clean product yield. It reduces our ability to produce higher-value products,  and it increases our intermediate inventories over the period. 
 Now on the West Coast, we have the conversion of the Rodeo facility, which is a compounding event. Essentially, it effectively had a $180 million loss and adjusted pretax income in the quarter as we transformed the business. And if you think about the business, it went from active to idle to reactive across this first quarter. The good news is we're near completion of the Rodeo conversion, and I actually would say we're well into the wind-up phase now. 
 So to summarize, I guess, the Rodeo start-up is on schedule, ramping up production. Approximately 50,000 barrels a day of renewable fuels will be achieved out of that facility in the second quarter. And we positioned our units across the system to run full conversion rates with fresh catalysts and ample intermediate inventories for the upcoming driving season. 
 Kevin, did you want to add anything? 
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Let me just put a couple of numbers to some of these items. So in terms of some commercial impacts that we talk about, on Gulf Coast product pricing differentials, in absolute terms, that was a $50 million headwind in the first quarter. The inventory hedges that I referenced in the earlier comments, which primarily impacts Central Corridor, that was a $100 million headwind in the first quarter. These are not variances, these are absolutes in the quarter. 
 And then on the West Coast, Rodeo, in overall terms, was a $180 million negative or loss for the quarter. So the West Coast results are bearing that drag from the impact of the Rodeo conversion. 
Mark Lashier: Yes. And I think, just to put that in context, we're taking a disadvantaged refinery and converting it into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. And so to bridge to that, we took the heavy lift this quarter, and now we're well positioned to start delivering value again from the Rodeo facility as we continue to push it to full rates through the second quarter. 
 And then on the Gulf Coast, the way you have to think about that is we're still maximizing our crude utilization throughput, but that crude turned into intermediates instead of clean products by design because of the turnaround work we had underway. So now we've got that inventory of intermediates poised to be converted into clean products as we continue to ramp back up into the summer season. So we're well positioned going forward. 
Neil Mehta: That's a lot of good color. The follow-up is just on balance sheet, Q1 is always a noisy quarter for working capital. And that cash flow bridge, Kevin, is really helpful. But just your perspective on where you want to get your net debt to capital over time, what's the path to get there, including potential asset sales? And then how do we think about working capital getting into that equation? So big picture question around that metric. 
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil, so let me hit on the working capital piece first. So negative $1.4 billion in aggregate, about $2.6 million of that is a function of inventory build. And so we did have some partial offsetting benefit in payables and receivables, and that was driven by 2 items. 
 One, the rising price, the absolute rising price environment generally is positive for net AP/AR. So we saw some benefit there. But we also benefited on receivables by collecting, in the first quarter, cash from fourth quarter inventory drawdown, and that was several hundred million dollars that showed up in there. 
 But on the inventory build, it's a sizable build, and I would say, it's really a function of both commercial opportunity inventory as well as some operational-driven inventory. And the way to think about that is the operational barrels will turn into margin at a future point in time, like the intermediates that we've talked about. 
 The commercial inventory build, those will generate a return that will be in excess of anything we will realize on cash balances. And fundamentally, it's all still sitting in a liquid asset on the balance sheet. So that kind of talks to the working capital. And consistent with normal practice, you would expect that inventory to come back down in the -- towards the end of the year, and you'll see some of that cash coming back to us. 
 In terms of balance sheet and the leverage levels, we are above our targeted range, so 25% to 30% target range. Still comfortable with that target. You'll notice that we've been leaning into the share repurchases quite heavily, and that's a function of our confidence in the business, in the outlook, our growth that we see coming in terms of the $14 billion of mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA. And so it feels like still a pretty compelling opportunity for us to be buying shares back even if, in the near term, it's at the expense of that leverage metric. So still expect to get there to that level. That's still our objective. 
 And the other comment I'd make on leverage, the other metric, the other way we look at this is the non -- or the much less commodity-sensitive businesses, the Midstream and the Marketing and Specialties business, is our ability for those businesses to basically be able to bear the debt that the company has. So on a combined basis, that's circa $6 billion of EBITDA generation. 
 And if you think of a typical leverage multiple for businesses like that, call it 3x, that's $18 billion of net debt, which is roughly where we are. And so that's the other measure we look at. And that keeps the Refining business avoid that volatility being part of that, the way we look at that debt level. So it keeps us very comfortable from a balance sheet standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Roger Read: I'd like to, if we could, maybe look at -- I guess it's a combination of the OpEx that we're seeing in Refining and, I guess, let's say, juxtaposed against the progress you're making in overall cost reduction. So during the first quarter going from $630 million to $715 million on a cumulative basis, if I look at cash OpEx, it's kind of stable over the last 3 quarters. 
 Recognize a lot of stuff's going on, but if you could help us kind of put those 2 together and maybe where you see the impact on cash OpEx, or maybe if it's embedded in the actual Refining margin. Where we're seeing the cost savings manifest in Refining? 
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think that, certainly, the majority of our business transformation cost impact is showing up in Refining, and we've been out delivering our targets, overdelivering against our targets and certainly continue that into 2024. There's always a lag, and we talk about run rate and then we talk about realized, and we're going to make sure that you keep track, too. 
 The run rate is where the speedometer is at this point in time. The realized is what we're actually seeing show up in the numbers, and we've seen good progress in Refining. And we'll continue to see that throughout this year as we rise up to our forecasted $1.1 billion in cost and $300 million in capital synergies, capital savings. And so Rich can drive into those cost numbers for you, Roger, and give you some color around that. 
Richard Harbison: Yes. So the end of last year, Roger, we, on a run rate basis, passed the $500 million or $0.75 -- roughly $0.75 a barrel number on run rate last year and realized about $0.41 of that last year. As we fast forward now into -- through the first quarter here, we see that realized number creeping up to the $500 million -- actually, slightly over the $500 million number. So it's coming in at that $0.75. And it's roughly that delay that Mark's talking about, roughly a 90-day delay in achieving that. 
 So when we go back and we validate those spends -- and remember, those spends are over 900 separate initiatives that we've completed across the organization. We go back and revalidate these. So we are seeing those start flowing to the bottom line for Refining. And if you look at our year-over-year OpEx, it is noticeably lower even in the face of inflation, pretty heavy inflationary period here that we faced over the period of time. 
 So we're happy with the progress. On a run rate basis, at the end of the first quarter, we've achieved $560 million of run rate, which equates to about $0.80. And that's on a trajectory for the year-end of $1 a barrel target that's set for the organization, which is roughly $650 million by the end of the year. So we're well on that pace to achieve that, and the program is pressing forward. 
 And like I had mentioned earlier, it's a seriatim of hundreds, if not thousands, of initiatives to execute, and it's really intended to drive work and efficiencies out of our work process. And as that happens, we want to make sure that, that changes how we do our work. It influences how we make decisions, but it should not compromise safety, reliability or earnings power for the organization. 
Mark Lashier: Yes, Roger, and I really want to drive home what Rich just said, that the cultural impact on the organization has been impressive, particularly out in the field, whether it's Midstream, Refining, wherever you are. And we have a workforce that has bought into it, and it's committed to driving higher levels of performance. They understand right out at the front lines, they understand what our strategic priorities are and how they can contribute to us getting there. And so they're digging in, and they're looking at those opportunities every day. 
 And across the organization, we continue to simplify work, to make work easier for people to get done. So get people the right digital opportunity so they can make better decisions faster, whether it's commercial or whether it's an operator on the front line. And the organization, we're also simplifying. And we want to ensure that we've got a streamlined organization that will support sustainable success around both cost and performance, and we're seeing that live as we move forward. 
Roger Read: No, I appreciate the detail there, everybody. I guess, just a follow-up question. On the announcement of the potential sale of the European retail assets, how does that affect the partial ownership you have in Refining assets on mainland Europe, MiRO, specifically? 
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Roger, it's Kevin. So we're selling the Germany and Austria retail assets, like we said. That's a company-owned, dealer-operated model, primarily almost 1,000 sites across those 2 countries. That's a high-performing business, top-rated many years in a row, 10% of market share in each country. A great business, but doesn't really integrate with the sort of core strategic focus areas that we have as a company. So just a little bit of background as to why those assets. 
 It does not include our ownership in the MiRO Refinery in Germany. And the reason for that is the majority of buyers for those type of retail assets would not be interested in refinery ownership. If there's a buyer that is interested, then that's a separate conversation, and we'll handle that separately. But this package right now is focused on those marketing assets. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. 
Ryan Todd: Maybe if I could start with one on Rodeo. I mean congrats on getting the project -- the Rodeo Renewed project up and running. You mentioned the loss in the first quarter, and I know like early days are challenging, it's ramped for its full capacity and optimized performance. 
 But can you walk through maybe what to expect over the next few quarters there? When do you anticipate hitting full production capacity? How do you anticipate the feedstock mix to change over the next few quarters as you run more advantaged feeds? And how should we think about that negative $180 million moving towards profitability from a time line point of view as we look over the course of this year? 
Richard Harbison: Sure, Ryan. I got that. This is Rich here. So maybe first, I'll start with a time line of the Rodeo facility. As you know, we've been ramping this facility down and hit a milestone in February of this year, with a complete shutdown of the facility after 128 years of legacy of running as a crude processing site. That first transition occurred on the first hydrocracker, and they went into renewable fuels feedstock production in March of this year. 
 So that first phase is up and running, and that's, that milestone we're talking about here. And that's allowed the facility, in complement with the Unit 250 operation that Mark mentioned in the earlier comments, with the first hydrocracker to produce about 30,000 barrels a day of renewable fuels. The second hydrocracker and the pretreatment unit will both finish construction in the May time frame, and we will start those up in the June time frame. 
 So by the end of the second quarter, the facility will be at full production rates. Now what does that all mean when it comes to margin? So margin in this business is driven a lot by the carbon intensity of the feedstocks. And Brian's team has been actively engaged in that over the last couple of years on aggregating the number of feedstocks. 
 So the way we see this is, we will start with essentially the pretreated material in the second quarter at a higher CI, roughly 50 CI number. And over the third quarter, we see the carbon intensity of our feedstocks continually ramping down through that third quarter. But by the end of the third quarter, I would expect to see us in the lower to mid-CI range of 30s, in that range. And that's primarily driven by processing more recycled fats, oils and greases that are aggregated throughout the world. 
 So -- and then as a supplement to all of that, we're seeing a growing interest in sustainable aviation fuel as well. So we have positioned the facility to begin production of sustainable aviation fuel, which is a key component is the renewable jet that's blended into that. And that production will be capable starting in the third quarter as well. And we do expect to be a prominent supplier in the market on that.
 So the good news is Rodeo's through that start-up process, that shutdown/start-up process, and now we're in the ramp-up phase, I'll call it. It's online, and we're ramping up production right now. 
Mark Lashier: Yes. Ryan, when we get up to full rates, we'll be able to produce something on the order of 10,000 barrels a day of renewable jet fuel, which gets blended up then to sustainable aviation fuel in the marketplace. And this kit is going to be designed for continuous optimization, whether it's the split between jet and diesel fuel or the feedstocks coming in. 
 Because of the feed pretreatment unit we'll have, we'll have great flexibility. And so we'll optimize on CI, cost and revenue and as well as the incentives that are out there. So it's going to be an interesting facility to have in our kit, and we're looking forward to getting it fully online and generating cash. 
Richard Harbison: I think it's supplemented as well by the last-mile strategy that Brian's team has put in place. That prevents leakage of value as we deliver the product to the end user there, and that should play out nicely as we increase production from the facility. 
Ryan Todd: And do you have -- have you signed contracts on the SAF front? Are you in ongoing negotiations there with partners? 
Brian Mandell: We're concurrently in negotiations with partners. We've seen a lot of interest in SAF. 
Ryan Todd: Great. Maybe just one, changing gears to chems, on the Chemical side, the better-than-expected performance of CPChem. Can you talk about kind of the drivers of improvement there? Is it primarily feedstock-related? Are you seeing any signs of underlying improvement in market conditions and maybe how you're looking at the rest of the year? 
Timothy Roberts: Yes. Ryan, this is Tim Roberts, and I'll chat about that. I'll cover 3 things because I think there'll be other questions around it. First one I wanted to talk about is actually more on the leadership side. I just wanted to recognize Bruce Chinn, who was the recently retired CEO at CPChem. He did a really good job there, great leadership, great drive for excellence, and he'll be missed.
 We have an internal candidate, Steve Prusak, who's assumed the role of CEO. Steve has been very successful in all phases of the Chemical business, and we are highly confident in his ability to lead and take CPChem to the next level of industry-leading performance. So that, I want to thank both of those guys.
 Now on the macro side, let me talk about that, and then I'll get specific to CPChem. Macro, clearly, the heavy-light spread with regard to being light feed versus heavy feed, it's really been a boon to those that can crack the light feedstock, especially CPChem, who's well positioned not only in the U.S. Gulf Coast but in the Middle East. And so it's -- the advantage is pretty wide right now. And so they've been able to take advantage of it. In fact, the industry in the U.S., if you're cracking light, you like it.
 However, I will tell you, we are not at mid-cycle margins. It has come off the bottom, which is good. A lot of that is really related to more about feedstock. So natural gas has come off. It's come down. And subsequently, ethane's come down with it, as has some propane and butane as well. And so subsequently, that gap has gotten bigger, and then, anyway, that's showing up, and then, also, the lower feedstock and natural gas relative to utility cost.
 So the combination of those 2, as well as just a little bit of support on polyethylene pricing, not a lot, but enough to help widen up that chain margin a little bit. So I think that's been good. We still think, though, that although we're off the bottom, we still think it's hard to see us getting to mid-cycle anytime during 2025. But certainly, supply-demand fundamentals, as destocking goes, we do see that it's -- sometime after 2025, you can see it rebalance and then get back into a mid-cycle environment.
 Specifically to CPChem, though, I do want to highlight as well with them that they've had a couple of their mid-cap projects that did come onstream late last year, C3 splitter, the 1-hexene unit, and then they also added another furnace to one of the large crackers there. And 1-hexene and C3, they're adding earnings in the first quarter. So they're up, they're running. They have run it higher than nameplate capacity, which has been really good, and again, generating earnings that are showing up at CPChem's results. 
 And we're in really a start-up mode with the furnace. That work is complete. They're starting it up, going through the normal shakedown you will have with those units. And we're hoping, in 2Q, you'll see something more material on the earnings side there, too. 
Mark Lashier: Yes. Ryan, you're seeing live the last almost 25 years of what CPChem has done to position themselves to be able to run flat out at the bottom of the cycle. And they did that, and they did that profitably. And you're seeing rationalization of assets in Europe while they're running at flat-out rates. 
 And so that's encouraging from a CPChem perspective. We need to see that in this down cycle to see some of the less competitive assets come out of the system, and that's going to be constructive. And that will help accelerate the industry out of the bottom of the cycle and to greener pastures out in the next couple of years. 
Timothy Roberts: And Mark, to add on to that point, I think that's a great point. What you're seeing is that a lot of your higher-cost folks, they're running at reduced rates or they're shut down and extending maintenance or running at reduced rates. And we've even seen some facilities, namely in Europe, 2 announcements of 2 crackers that will be shutting down from some competition there because they're at the wrong place in the cost curve, whereas CPChem is on the right place in the cost curve. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. 
Manav Gupta: Guys, so you did a  good job of explaining the variability in earnings quarter-on-quarter on Refining. Can we go through some of that in the Midstream? We saw a big variation on the NGL and Other side. I mean transportation wasn't off that much, but help us understand what drove the variability in the second part of that business. 
Timothy Roberts: Yes. Manav, thanks for the question. This is Tim Roberts again, and let me go ahead and address. I mean first thing I want to lay out there is that last quarter on the earnings call, I talked about guiding towards $675 million per quarter IBT, and we're staying with that. I mean that still feels good, $3.6 billion to the year. That's where we're at. So I just wanted to make sure we were -- that hasn't changed. Now if you look at 4Q and 1Q, 4Q was a strong quarter, okay? That was the first thing. 
 You had some onetime things that showed up in that fourth quarter. And in first quarter, what impacted it and especially the variance, number one, winter storm. So the winter storm, it impacted us and impacted other people, too. And really, the impact was, and I think it's worth noting, were really not to our assets, it was to the producers. So we really weren't seeing the volumes come down the pipe due to freeze-offs and a variety of other different issues. 
 So it took a while for those volumes to get back up and get running again and then subsequently start working their way through the system. So about $30 million impact there. And then also, we had some commercial true-ups from fourth quarter to first quarter, commercial true-ups, accruals and some inventory timing that showed up between fourth quarter to first quarter. 
 And so if you put those 2 quarters together, you really are getting in somewhere north of that $675 million number where we're at. We think we'll be on a more normalized basis as we go into 2Q. And you'll see some inventory timing issues will show up. It's not big, but some will show up in the second quarter as a positive. But generally, that's kind of how we look at it. We're still in that $675 million is the right number as we see throughout the year. 
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is on the diesel macro. We have seen some pullback in cracks. Wasn't fully anticipated because we expected Russia volumes to drop, which they did not. So I know Jeff does a lot of detailed work on this, so if you could help us with your crystal ball as to what's going on in the diesel world. And do you expect the cracks to get stronger in the year? 
Brian Mandell: Manav, this is Brian Mandell. I would say that we've had a number of issues. We had a warm northeast U.S. winter, then refineries came back and they were running really well. Prices for diesel are in contango. We have seen about 200,000 barrels a day of Russian distillate off the market. But we are constructive. We do think the market will come back. You're seeing -- starting to see run cuts in Europe and Asia with hydrocracking and hydroskimming margins at breakeven.
 As we move into driving season, we could see more gasoline mode. In fact, you're seeing gasoline over distillate on the coast in the U.S., East and West Coast. And that could drive less distillate moving to more jet production from diesel, particularly fixing ahead into China's Labor Day, Golden Week, and we see real strong jet demand. And then continue to geopolitical issues, if Russia's hit again, that means that diesel exports as well. So we think that things are going to look better coming out of kind of this trough here. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from John Royall of JPMorgan. 
John Royall: I had a follow-up on the retail sale in Europe. Are there any other assets on the international marketing side that might be less strategic that could shake out there? And on the U.S. Marketing side, is the majority of that business too integrated with the Refining operations to separate? I'm just trying to get a sense of the strategic direction in Marketing in light of this new sales process. 
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, John. From a Europe standpoint, the other marketing businesses are in Switzerland, where we have a joint venture with Coop, and in the U.K. And the two are very different in that the Switzerland business is somewhat of a stand-alone retail business, but it's also in a joint venture structure, and so the dynamics are a little bit different around that. 
 The U.K., that marketing business is very integrated with our Refining in the U.K. So it's much more akin to the U.S. model, where the Marketing business serves to help ensure product placement coming out of the Humber Refinery. And that's really the case for the U.S. Marketing business as well. It's very much integrated with the Refining system across the different regions. 
John Royall: Great. And then my next question is on the West Coast. And I think Mark sort of alluded to this a little in his response to Neil. But how should we think about the structural capture rate on the West Coast? And how it's going to be different now with the Rodeo officially an RD unit and not a refinery? Should we expect it to be higher than what we've seen historically as a result? 
Richard Harbison: Well, do you want me to start with that? 
Mark Lashier: Sure. 
Richard Harbison: Come over the top. This is Rich Harbison. So there's a reason, John, we've gone to Rodeo and converted it into a renewable fuels stock. It has not been a meaningful contributor to the earnings profile on the West Coast for quite some time now. So that -- we're looking forward to getting that change fully implemented. And we do think that will have a marked change to the West Coast profitability.
 The Los Angeles and the Ferndale facilities will continue to operate, and they've been good contributors to the West Coast. But I'll say, in general, the West Coast is a challenging market to make money on the Refining side of the business. Our Los Angeles Refinery has been challenged with the declining supply of California domestic crudes, which has taken away a lot of the original crude advantage for that facility when it was originally built. 
 Now the TMX pipeline is opening up, so there's a change in the crude flow dynamics, which has the potential to have a positive impact on the Los Angeles facility. And we'll see how that dynamic works out here over the next few months as these crude flows change around. But changing and pulling the Rodeo refinery out will have a marked change on the West Coast. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. 
Matthew Blair: Are you able to  share the approximate EBITDA contribution of those German and Austrian retail assets up for sale? And then the cash from the sale, would that be earmarked for, like, share buybacks? And if so, would that mean an increase to the $13 billion to $15 billion target? 
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Matt, this is Kevin. The EBITDA, I'll give you the numbers that are on the information that we're providing to the prospective buyers. It's a -- the range is EUR 300 million to EUR 350 million, which the conversion for that is $325 million to $375 million. If you pick the midpoint, $350 million of EBITDA is probably your best number to go with on that.
 In terms of cash generation, as we've previously stated, our cash return target of $13 billion to $15 billion was not dependent on proceeds from asset sales. So it does have the potential to increase that. But I would also say, we haven't made any definitive decisions on exactly how that cash would be deployed. And also, the timing is still quite uncertain at this point anyway. These processes usually take a while to run through. So that will be something that we will make a determination on near the time when that cash inflow becomes real. 
Matthew Blair: That's great. And then the $180 million hit from the Rodeo conversion, I think that's a little bit higher than what we're expecting. What drove that increase? And can you provide any sort of breakout on like how much of that was in gross margins versus OpEx versus depreciation? And then also, is it fair to assume that the current Rodeo plant is EBITDA negative since it's not running the low CI feeds yet? 
Kevin Mitchell: So on the first question, we're not going to give that level of asset-specific breakout. And I would say, the $180 million does not include -- the absolute loss on a GAAP basis is a bigger number, again, because we had some impairments related to assets that are taken out of service. So the $180 million is on the -- consistent with the way we report our adjusted earnings. And it does show up in the different areas, but we're not going to provide that level of line item breakout.
 The second question was around EBITDA while we're in ramp-up mode. My observation, and others can supplement this is, clearly, when we're in ramp-up mode, we're running the higher CI feedstocks. We don't yet have the full economies of scale because we're in ramp-up mode. EBITDA generation is going to be challenged than the early phases. But as we go through that series of bringing all the units up, production coming up to the 50,000 barrels per day, the feedstocks migrating to the more -- the lower carbon intensity, we should start to see that transition into positive EBITDA contribution. 
Richard Harbison: Supported by sustainable aviation fuel. 
Kevin Mitchell: That's right. It's another uplift, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. 
Paul Cheng: I have to apologize, but I want to go back into the West Coast. Can you share that what is the OpEx, excluding Rodeo? And also what is Rodeo going to look like once it's fully ramped up in terms of the OpEx? That's the first question. 
Kevin Mitchell: OpEx, excluding Rodeo, yes, Paul, I think the best way to answer that is because we don't give that level of asset level detail out. But we will be providing more reporting transparency on a going-forward basis that will enable you to see the kind of level of information that your -- the questions that you're asking for. 
 In future periods, we will be providing more transparency around the Rodeo renewable fuels business separate from West Coast Refining. And so I would just say, I know that doesn't help you in terms of modeling right now, but just watch this space because we will be providing more transparency around that. 
Paul Cheng: Right. Kevin, can I ask that, from the first to the second quarter, I understand there's some onetime OpEx related with that transition in the first quarter. So the OpEx, should we assume that it's going to stay at this level as the first quarter or that is actually going to be down? 
Kevin Mitchell: Well, it's probably down a little. There's still going to be an elevated element of that, and there's some what we would classify as turnaround-related costs associated with the conversion as well that will show up at Rodeo. But the trend is downward. We're past the peak spend, I guess, is the way to say it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman of Cowen and Company. 
Jason Gabelman: Yes. The first one is just on commercial performance. And I think you had discussed a desire to integrate different plans in terms of how you buy crude and sell product and try to maximize profitability across the portfolio, rather than at a site level. I'm just wondering if you could provide an update on that journey, and if you've seen any of that earnings benefit come through in the results. And then second, just a quick clarification. Can you remind us what your target cash balance is? 
Brian Mandell: Jason, it's Brian Mandell. I'll give you some kind of flavor of our journey for commercial. Our commercial supply and trading organization is, as you know, an integrated global business. We have offices in Houston, Calgary, London and Singapore. And as you mentioned, our focus is now to fully optimize and capture the optionality value embedded in all of the assets and then to capture that kind of integration value between the various business segments to drive additional value for the company.
 Last year, internally, we announced a reorganization of our commercial group, the goal of reducing our back office costs and continuing to advance our capabilities and value generations. We've made some really strong hires this year. We also have a companion organization that we call value chain optimization group, VCO for short, whose function is to work across the integrated value chain to ensure that we continue to make the best corporate general interest decisions.
 And ultimately, we're kind of focused on driving increased earnings, maximizing our return on capital employed and increasing the market capture for our Refining segment, and doing all this while thinking about continuous improvement and continually growing the business. 
Kevin Mitchell: And Jason, on the cash number, the target cash balance, the same as we've said in the past, $2 billion to $3 billion. We were slightly below that level at the end of the quarter. I'd also say, the first quarter is typically a heavy drain on cash quarter. So as we look ahead, we're still very comfortable with that target level. 
Operator: And our final question today comes from Theresa Chen of Barclays. 
Theresa Chen: First, on the near-term outlook for capture in second quarter and maybe third as well. Just thinking about the different moving parts, you have presumably less noise from the onetime items impacting first quarter, whether it be from turnarounds or Rodeo. But you do have WCS narrowing based on your sensitivity and the magnitude that we've seen to date, that should be a sizable headwind. 
 And then later, maybe with TMX ramping online, to be able to bring barrels to PADD 5 indirectly or directly, that should help your West Coast assets. Just help us think about how to reconcile these variables as we look to capture in the near term, please. 
Mark Lashier: I think at a high level, Theresa, we are laser focused on the things we can control, and that's what we focus on, and that's what Rich and Brian focus on. I think that the things out of our control would be  speculative. But I think Rich can talk about what we're doing to -- and what we see over the next couple of quarters with respect to market capture potential, and Brian can chime in from a commercial perspective. 
Richard Harbison: Yes. So Theresa, we talked -- this is Rich again. We talked a little bit about some of the headwinds on market capture, which, when I think about market capture from a Refining perspective, it's our clean product yield. So -- and then it's the products that we make. Are we moving up the product value chain on that? 
 So first quarter, certainly, some headwinds with some downstream conversion unit turnaround activity. Good news is we've refreshed all that catalysts now, and they're ready to run here. Some of that did bleed a little bit into the second quarter. But as we roll into the summer driving season, you'll see our clean product yield and product values in about the best place we can put them.
 Now we continue to invest in these as well. We've seen over the last 2 years that we've completed a number of projects on this front, and continue that program through this year as well with a target of increasing our market capture by 5% from a mid-cycle basis. 
 Through last year, we put projects in that have raised that bar by 3%, and we expect to close the balance of that out of the 5 this year with an additional 15 projects that are currently in construction at the sites. So when we think about the market capture this quarter at 69%, I see that as a lower part of our market and something to build on as we move through the rest of the quarter as the facilities come out of turnaround cycle. 
Brian Mandell: And Theresa, this is Brian Mandell. Just to add some color on the commercial side. I would say, we're seeing, this year, gasoline and diesel roughly flat to last year in terms of demand. Jet fuel, a little bit stronger this year. I talked about our commercial organization, how kind of moving up that curve to take advantage of the optionality in our assets, we'll continue to do that.
 And then thinking about WCS, you made a good comment. I would say that WCS will remain volatile. What we have appetite, we can move around different grades. So we can run Canadian heavy, we can run Canadian lights as well. We have an integrated system, a big commercial footprint. And if the WCS is unfavorable, particularly on our Gulf Coast plants or West Coast plants, we can switch to other grades such as Latin American grades and AG grade. So a lot of flexibility in our system. 
Theresa Chen: Got it. And if I could ask a follow-up related to Kevin's earlier comments about what the appropriate leverage is for the company and the commentary related to how some of your more cash flows stable businesses can bear more leverage. Can you just share with us what portion of your Midstream business at this point, what portion of the EBITDA is paid by third-party customers and not Phillips Refining paying those Midstream? 
Timothy Roberts: Theresa, I'll verify the number, but we're well into, I would say, it's 65% to 70% third parties. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing remarks. 
Mark Lashier: Thank you, all, for your great questions. The market fundamentals that we're looking at are supportive, and our assets are running strong since the completion of seasonal maintenance activities. Our integrated portfolio is well positioned to capture market opportunities and to meet the peak summer demand. 
 We've got a clear path forward to achieve our strategic priorities that support $4 billion of growth from our 2022 mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA to our $14 billion target by 2025. We're confident in our ability to grow cash flows and create significant long-term value for shareholders. Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call Jeff or Owen. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Philips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and Ill be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you. Welcome to Philips 66 fourth quarter earnings call. Participants on todays call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Todays presentation can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Philips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during todays call. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter earnings call. We delivered a strong quarter and a strong year. In 2023, our total shareholder return was 33% and we increased our quarterly dividend by 8%. Today were going to cover a few major items, including the reasons why Philips 66 is an attractive investment opportunity and well highlight the progress weve made on our strategic priorities. Next, well discuss our fourth quarter financial results. Then we look forward to your questions. On slide three, we summarize the attributes that make us a differentiated and attracted value proposition. Our diversified and integrated portfolio delivers strong returns on capital employed and a high payout ratio supported by dividend growth. Were on a path to increase mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA by 40% to $14 billion by 2030. In addition, 75% of this growth will be outside of Refining. We expect this growth and more stable cash flow to support our valuation going forward and contribute to attractive total shareholder returns. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation across our portfolio has contributed to an average return on capital employed of 13% since our formation in 2012, almost double our cost of capital. Were committed to financial flexibility and our strong investment grade credit rating remains differentiated relative to our peers. We expect to return in excess of 50% of our growing operating cash flow to shareholders. All of these attributes will support a secure, competitive and growing dividend, strong share repurchases, as well as debt reduction at mid-cycle margins. Slide four summarizes our achievements to-date on our strategic priorities. On our last call, we raised our targets and continue to successfully execute our plan to increase mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA and grow shareholder distributions. Since July of 2022, weve distributed $8.3 billion through share repurchases and dividends. Were on track to achieve our $13 billion to $15 billion target by the end of 2024. The execution of our plan to enhance Refining operating performance has resulted in crude utilization rates above the industry average for four consecutive quarters. In fact, we operated at our highest annual rate since 2019. We remain focused on improving performance, increasing market capture and reducing costs to enhance our earnings per barrel. In Midstream, our NGO wellhead to market business continues to exceed our expectations. The team has done a remarkable job of integrating DCP Midstream and captured run rate synergies of $250 million as of year-end and we expect over $400 million of synergies by 2025. Since increasing our ownership of DCP, the Midstream annual run rate for adjusted EBITDA has been $3.6 billion. The stable cash generation from our Midstream business has grown to a level that covers the companys top capital priorities, funding sustaining capital and the dividend. Were delivering on business transformation targets and remain laser focused on further reducing our cost structure in 2024. Kevin will be providing more details. In addition, we plan to monetize assets that no longer fit our long-term strategy. These asset dispositions are expected to generate over $3 billion in proceeds that will support our strategic priorities, including returns to shareholders. Timing of these dispositions will be subject to satisfactory market conditions and any necessary regulatory approvals. Our total adjusted EBITDA in 2023 was $12.7 billion, reflecting above mid-cycle margins in Refining and nearly $6 billion contributed by our more stable Midstream and Marketing and Specialties businesses. Were focused on disciplined capital allocation, only funding attractive, high-return projects across our portfolio. The Rodeo Renewed Project to convert our San Francisco Refinery into one of the worlds largest renewable fuels facilities is expected to generate strong returns. The projects progressing well and we expect to start up later this quarter. Looking forward, were well positioned to achieve our targets by capitalizing on the strengths of our diversified and integrated portfolio. Well do this through continued operating and commercial excellence to deliver significant shareholder value through the economic cycles as demonstrated by our total shareholder return of 33% in 2023. Our commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend has resulted in a 16% compound annual growth rate since 2012. Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results, Id like to thank the Phillips 66 team for their continued dedication to safe and reliable operations. Our employees enable us to execute on our strategic priorities and deliver on our mission to provide energy and improve lives. Kevin, over to you.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Ill start on slide five with an update on our business transformation progress and how we are reducing costs to sustain higher cash generation. We achieved $1.2 billion in run rate savings as of year-end 2023, comprised of $900 million of cost reductions and $300 million of sustaining capital efficiencies. Sustaining capital is one of our business transformation success stories. Our sustaining capital historically averaged about $1 billion per year and we added approximately $200 million with the consolidation of DCP Midstream. Despite the additional sustaining capital requirements from DCP, we reduced our sustaining capital spend to under $900 million in 2023. This $300 million benefit is also reflected in our 2024 capital plan. Through the end of 2023, we realized $630 million in cost reductions. The majority of these cost reductions relate to Refining, operating and SG&A expenses, as well as benefits to equity earnings and gross margin. On slide six, we provide more detail on the cost reductions at the total company level. Adjusted controllable costs were $8.4 billion in 2023, compared with $8.1 billion in 2022. The chart illustrates the main cost drivers year-over-year, including the impact of a full year of DCP consolidation. We continue to realize cost synergies from the DCP acquisition and subsequent integration. Our successful business transformation has already reduced costs, including our share of WRB costs, by approximately $500 million and this work continues. Slide seven provides a breakdown of Refining costs. Refining adjusted controllable costs, including turnaround expense and our proportionate share of WRB and MiRO controllable costs, decreased over $550 million to $5.2 billion in 2023. Business transformation savings reduced Refining costs by approximately $300 million. Additionally, lower turnaround expense and market impacts, primarily from lower utility prices, further reduced costs. These cost reductions more than offset inflationary impacts. On a $1 per barrel basis, adjusted controllable costs were $7.56 per barrel or $6.57 per barrel, excluding turnaround expense. This is a fully burdened cost that includes about $1 per barrel for Refining share of corporate allocations and SG&A expenses. The business transformation savings reduced our 2023 adjusted costs by over $0.40 per barrel. We expect to achieve our full $1 per barrel run rate target by the end of 2024. Additional details can be referenced in the appendix to this presentation. Slide eight summarizes our fourth quarter results. Adjusted earnings were $1.4 billion or $3.09 per share. We generated operating cash flow of $2.2 billion, including cash distributions from equity affiliates of $226 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $634 million. We distributed $1.6 billion to shareholders through $1.2 billion of share repurchases and $457 million of dividends. Net debt to capital ratio was 34% at year-end 2023 and return on capital employed was 16% for the year. Slide nine highlights the change in results by segment from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $708 million, mostly due to lower results in Refining and Marketing and Specialties, partially offset by improved results in Midstream. In Midstream, fourth quarter adjusted pre-tax income of $754 million was a record, up $185 million from the prior quarter, reflecting improvements in both NGL and transportation. The NGL business increased primarily due to higher margins and record volumes at the Sweeney Hub, as well as lower operating costs. Transportation results were also higher, mainly reflecting the recognition of deferred revenue related to throughput and deficiency agreements. Chemicals adjusted pre-tax income increased $2 million to $106 million in the fourth quarter. This increase was mainly due to higher margins, mostly offset by lower equity earnings from CPChems affiliates and decreased sales volumes from lower seasonal demand. Global O&P utilization was 94%. Refining fourth quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $797 million, down $943 million from the third quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower realized margins. Realized margins decreased due to lower market crack spreads, partially offset by inventory hedge impacts, higher Gulf Coast clean product realizations, wider heavy crude discounts and strong commercial results. Market capture increased from 66% to 107%. Marketing and Specialties adjusted fourth quarter pre-tax income was $432 million, a decrease of $201 million from the previous quarter. The decrease was mainly due to a seasonal decline in domestic wholesale fuel margins, primarily in the Mid-Continent. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 23%. Slide 10 shows the change in cash during the fourth quarter. We started the quarter with a $3.5 billion cash balance. Cash from operations excluding working capital was $2 billion. There was a working capital benefit of $207 million, mainly reflecting a reduction in inventory that was mostly offset by movements in accounts receivables and payables, which included the impact of declining commodity prices. We funded $634 million of capital spending and repaid approximately $100 million of debt. Additionally, we returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our ending cash balance was $3.3 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, Ill cover a few outlook items for the first quarter. In Chemicals, we expect the first quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the first quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low 90s and turnaround expense to be between $110 million and $130 million. Our turnaround expense guidance excludes costs associated with the conversion and start-up of the Rodeo Renewable Fuels Facility. At our San Francisco Refinery, we are executing the Rodeo Renewed Project. The facility operated as a crude oil refinery in January. [Audio Gap]
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] [Audio Gap] Apologies, everyone. We have lost connection to the speakers. Please stand by while we reconnect them.
Kevin Mitchell:  refinery, we are executing the Rodeo Renewed Project. The facility operated as a crude oil refinery in January and we will shut down crude operations in February, as we are prepared to start up renewable fuels production by the end of the quarter. We anticipate $100 million of decommissioning and start-up costs in the first quarter. We anticipate first quarter, corporate and other costs to come in between $290 million and $310 million. Full year guidance for 2024 is provided on slide 11 of this presentation. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Yeah. Thanks. Maybe starting out on margin, very strong margin capture in the quarter. Can you -- I know you talked about some of the things, but can you talk about some of the underlying drivers of that performance on the quarter, what might be seasonal or transient and maybe what you would highlight that might be more sustainable going forward in terms of improved performance?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Ryan, its Kevin. Let me make some additional comments around that. So a few different drivers to the strong market capture. Youll recall back in the third quarter, we talked about some inventory hedge impacts that were a negative $100 million to $150 million and that we expected that to reverse in the fourth quarter, and that is in fact what happened. And so you had that benefit, which is a circa close to $300 million swing quarter-over-quarter. We also had improved feedstock, especially in the central corridor on Canadian crude differentials, and obviously, thats really a market-driven item. In the Gulf Coast, we had benefit from product pricing because of the effect on -- sort of lagged effect on product pricing for barrels going up colonial and so that again is a bit of a market-driven factor. So that item was a bit of a headwind in the third quarter, it was a tailwind in the fourth quarter and what will happen in the first quarter is going to be dependent on where prices end the quarter at. But we also had strong commercial results and this is a result of really being able to take advantage of market opportunities as they present themselves to us. So we were able to capture strong pipeline arbitrage and the commercial optimization around that as we optimized those barrels. So its a bit of a combination of there are certain things that you would say were unique to the market dynamics in the quarter, but some of it is a function of strong operations, strong commercial execution by that organization.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you. That was helpful. And then maybe a follow-up on Rodeo. I appreciate the update that you gave there in terms of some of the timeline that we can expect over the next couple of months. As we think about starting the renewable diesel plant. Can you maybe walk through, what you would expect in terms of the first three months to six months of operation there in terms of how long does it take the ramp to full operating capacity, how long does it take to you to get up and running? Maybe some of those things in terms of where we go from end of this quarter until you have kind of a full run right there.
Rich Harbison: Yeah. Ryan, this is Rich. Ill take that question here to kick it off and maybe somebody will fill in for some additional color here. But the way we see the project progression at this point is, as Kevin mentioned in his points that, in February, were going to shut down the facility and that will allow us then to tie in the common utilities for one of our hydrocrackers, which is currently in the conversion process. We expect that to start up in March timeframe, which will quickly ramp up to about 50% of the stated capacity of the Rodeo Renewed Project. In April, we will finish up the PTU and continue the conversion of the second reactor hydrocrackers system and finish that up in April and then start the commissioning process, which will roll into the May timeframe and then well continue to optimize performance up and we expect to be up to full rates by the end of the second quarter would be the ramp period for that. Does that answer your question there, Ryan?
Ryan Todd: Yeah. Yeah. That was great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Guys, congrats on a very strong quarter and a strong start to the year. Looks like everything is coming together. I just quickly want to focus on the NGO part of the Midstream business. There were some concerns that DCP synergies will be delayed or theres some degradation of earnings. I think you have silenced a lot of critics over there with this earnings release, but help us walk through the sequential improvement we saw in the NGL business in the fourth quarter.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Manav, thanks for your comments. Im just going to make some high level comments and then turn it over to Tim. But I appreciate you recognizing that we are delivering on the integration. The integration has been a success. The DCP team is fully integrated into Phillips 66 and performing seamlessly, and were seeing great, really synergies across the whole value chain that even down at the level of communications, things happening quicker, things -- better decisions being made faster and its really been something to behold. As we noted in the comments, we did hit $250 million of synergies captured and weve got a line of sight on another or getting that up to $400 million plus. And Tim and his team are hard at work, so Ill let him give you some more color on that.
Tim Roberts: All right. Thanks, Mark. Yeah. Manav, a couple things. I mean, really, its pretty simple. When you put the two -- with the transaction, you put the two businesses together, we had improved volumes, costs were down, we executed well operationally, we executed well commercially and then ultimately what that does is allow you to deliver results and we felt this was more representative of what were going to see in this business going forward. It really does highlight the strong earnings and free cash flow generation of the Midstream segment. Now, that doesnt all happen by accident. Its been a bit of a slog as weve slowly got those folks integrated. Were almost done with the integration completely. We should be done sometime here early in the second quarter, once we get all the ERP and IT systems all under one versus still running two in parallel. So we expect to see some additional costs come off. But really, its just what I call blocking and tackling. We have -- the market hasnt been overly helpful, so weve had to make do with what we can in this environment. And I think, like I said, you operate well and you commercially execute well, you give yourself a chance and I think this is representative of that. So overall, we like the transaction and we like where its going and we think its getting itself positioned well to go out and compete.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. And my quick follow-up is, you always have a very informed view of the Refining macro. Help us understand within your system what youre seeing in terms of gasoline, diesel and even jet fuel demand out there?
Brian Mandell: Hi, Manav. Its Brian. Ill take that one. Global gasoline demand finished last year about 3% over prior year. We saw about 1% in the U.S. We expect 2024 global gasoline to grow almost 1% and were expecting U.S. to remain flat. Gasoline inventories continue at the high end of the five-year average for both U.S. and Europe. We think the majority of the stored gasoline is winter grade, particularly given the current strong octane values. Overall gasoline stocks, we think, should move back to the middle of the five-year range with spring turnarounds as we move toward the summer. On the distillate side, distillate demand finished 2023 about 2% over 2022 and the U.S. was actually down 2%, mostly in the West Coast due to rains and the renewable diesel production and imports. Latin America we saw up 2%. We expect 2024 global distillate demand to grow about 0.5% and the U.S. 2%, given the U.S.s stronger economy. And U.S. distillate stocks are about 14% below five-year average and wed anticipate draws through the spring maintenance season that should take inventories even closer to last years levels. And finally, on jet demand, finished last year 17% over prior year, with a total C count recovering to 2019. 2024 global jet demand is expected to grow about 6%, with continued recovery on international travel and weve seen cargo flights remain elevated and we think thatll continue in 2024 as well.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much, guys.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Manav.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Doug, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Gents, I wonder if I could ask you about the EBITDA number for 2023, the $12.7 billion, you mentioned. If you rebase that to mid-cycle, where are we relative to the $14 billion target? It seems to us youve only got a year to go, basically, to do a very small amount of incremental cost-cutting. It seems you might have some upside to those numbers. So if you could help us rebase that, that would be real helpful. Thats my first question.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, its Kevin. Let me try and fill in the gaps on that one for you. Theres really a couple of items that are probably a bit more significant in terms of the shift from current to whats 2025 mid-cycle the $14 billion target. So for one, remember, the $14 billion is mid-cycle. The Chemicals business is not at mid-cycle currently and thats about an incremental $1 billion to get to mid-cycle. And then in a -- on a mid-cycle basis, theres an increment of about $200 million from the mid-cap projects that they have just put into place, most of which took place -- happened towards the end of last year and so an incremental billion in Chemicals really driven by the overall environment. Rodeo is not reflected in current and thats a $700 million mid-cycle impact. And so thats a -- between those two, youre at getting close to $2 billion of increment that is still to come. There is some additional on the cost side of things and theres Midstream at -- while were close to our mid-cycle on a run rate basis, remember, the $12.7 billion only had our current ownership of DCPs since June of last year. So theres that incremental step up on it from an adjusted basis on that -- in that respect.  In addition, we talked about the $600 million of additional commercial contribution to the business. We expect to see that materialize over the next two years and were also executing on the Refining projects that Rich has talked about in the past. And so those are the items that are going to get us to that $14 billion 2025 mid-cycle level.
Doug Leggate: Thats very granular and much appreciated. Thanks, Kevin. My follow-up is kind of a -- its a question on Rodeo, but a different question perhaps than you normally get? Were trying to understand what the West Coast would look like if we rebased your capture rate, your historical relationship with realized margins versus indicators if Rodeo was not in the system. So I guess its kind of a request and a question at the same time, to the extent you can give us the history ex-Rodeo, that would be really helpful. But order of magnitude, was Rodeo loss making for most of the last several years or how would you characterize the EBITDA contribution? Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, its -- understand the request and why you would want that and well take that under consideration as we think about how were going to report the go-forward Rodeo as a renewable fuels facility, because we do want -- we also want to be able to demonstrate that that asset as a renewable fuels facility is generating the kind of financial results that weve been talking about and so well take that under consideration in terms of what we show from a recast basis. I think the question on what Rodeo has done in the past, its really been a function of the market environment. I mean, it has been challenged over the last few years as what was historically a very strong crude advantage, sort of disappeared with the declining supplies of domestic feedstocks for this facility and having to rely more on imported barrels. But then youre also, its a high cost area as you know, so its, although thats typical, thats all of California is that way and then youre into what the market environment looks like. And so what weve typically seen in California is when theres operating upsets and supply is impacted, then you see an increase in margins and the financials look respectable, but there are -- when everythings running well, its more challenged.
Doug Leggate: Thanks very much indeed, Kevin. Well look forward to that. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, John.
John Royall: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first question is on the balance sheet. You guys had guided to hitting the top end of your leverage range by year end 2023. Youre finishing a bit above that, which I think was just driven by the working capital impact of falling prices. So assuming a somewhat stable environment for working capital and price in 2024, do you have any updated guidance on when you think youll get back into that range?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. John, youre right that the working capital tailwind that we expected to see for a variety of reasons didnt quite materialize the way that we thought they would and that probably impacted us by 2 percentage points to 3 percentage points on the net debt to capital metric. We expect to make some modest progress on a debt reduction in 2024. We have a total of $1.1 billion of maturities in 2024 at the Phillips 66 level. And so that gives us some flexibility in terms of how we manage this. I will say though, that the working capital component is always a little bit of a wild card, because it can swing us to the tune of a couple of billion dollars over the course of a quarter and that has an impact on the stated metrics. So I think what Id say is that, we still target the 25% to 30% range, but when you step back and look in aggregate terms, were very comfortable with where we are, and our capital allocation decisions are going to be made with consideration of all the different priorities that weve got out there of which the balance sheet and debt is one of them. So I dont want to commit to any sort of rash decisions just to target that one particular metric. We want to make sure we make the right overall decisions factoring in all of the different priorities.
John Royall: Understood. Thanks, Kevin. And my next question is just on the turnaround guide for the year. You took a pretty big year in 2022 or a very big year in 2022, which I think was somewhat of a catch-up year. Last year was a pretty meaningful step down and the guidance looks like 2024 is basically same ballpark as 2023. So should we think of the average -- an average turnaround year from here as being somewhere in that kind of $600 million range and does the Rodeo conversion change that at all?
Rich Harbison: John, Ill take that. This is Rich. Yeah. I think that the range that were at last year and this year is what you would consider an average year for us and the outlook for this year stays in that. Like most companies, we do concentrate our plan maintenance activity in the first and fourth quarters in our system in any given year and we tend to lighten those during the driving season, second quarter and third quarter of the year. But the way our turnarounds are working and a huge effort by the organization, which I need to compliment them, is to really flatten out these heavy peak periods in our turnaround cycles. Now, we will occasionally get a couple sites that get stacked up on ourselves, but what weve really tried to do is push those out, level out the spend on a long-term basis and work towards this $500 million to $600 million range as our average turnaround cycle. So there will be a few years that will be a little bit higher than that and then there will be some that may be slightly under that as well. But in a general sense, thats a good number to use.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Mark Lashier: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Maybe the first one is for Kevin. Thank you. Kevin, can you tell us what in the fourth quarter was running at and what is the cost associated with that? And in the first quarter, the $100 million of decommissioning and decommissioning expense, I suppose thats going to run through and not being treated as a special item?
Kevin Mitchell: So, Paul, what was the first part of the question? I missed that first piece.
Paul Cheng: Were trying to understand that without with Rodeo, what is the through-put run rate in the fourth quarter and what is the cost? Actually, yes, or that if you can tell us that what is Rodeo cost in the fourth quarter and what is the run rate also?
Mark Lashier: So, Rodeo performance in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So we -- I mean, we dont give out that sort of asset-specific level of financial information. What I can say is that the -- when you look at the fourth quarter results and the capture rates, the Rodeo starting to come -- turn operations down, we shut down one of the crude units in the fourth quarter. That did have a detrimental impact to our fourth quarter results versus if we were just carrying on in the traditional normal full crude operations at Rodeo. So it did have an impact. In terms of the $100 million of startup and decommissioning costs in the first quarter, we would not treat those as a special item. They will flow through as GAAP earnings or impact and that will be how we report the results, because theyre not, I mean, its normal for what were doing. Its not a unique factor. Now, we can talk about it and you can choose to make your own sort of adjustments around it. But for us, it will just be part of our normal operating results.
Paul Cheng: And, Kevin, if I look at on your page 23 on your presentation, in terms of the margin capture, the other column, youre talking about $7.11. And in here that, you have, call it, $200 million of, I think, the swing benefit from the Colonial Pipeline product pricing. So thats translating to about $3.90. So where is other, say, $3 per barrel contribute to that?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So, I think, the bulk of the rest. So thats one factor on that. Youve also got the swing I mentioned on the Gulf Coast product pricing effect. You had a swing there from one quarter to the next. And you also have the benefit in there of our, we talked about our commercial performance during the quarter. That will also show up in that bar. So, all those things get reflected in that part of the representation.
Paul Cheng: So I suppose that the bulk of the gap, say, $3 is contributed by commercial operation or that theres just a minor piece of that you have other things that are even a bigger contributor?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. I mean, its a combination of all of those items. So you see benefit on the product side. You see benefit from commercial contribution. You see the benefit from the inventory hedging items that we talked about. So they all combine to make up the bulk of that $7.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Matthew, please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here. On the Chem side, sorry, on the Chem side, you provided strong utilization guidance once again for Q1. Could you talk about the recent improvement in PE prices? Whats driving that? And then also, could you share any trends on demand that youre seeing, either export-related or domestic?
Tim Roberts: Yeah. Hey, Matt. This is Tim. Yeah. A couple things on that from the Chem standpoint. Yeah, weve seen actually pretty good stability with regard to polyethylene prices through the fourth quarter. Things were relatively flat from October through December. Then they got a $0.05 increase in January. How much of the $0.05 they actually get, I think, that might be a little bit of a discussion point. But nonetheless, it did highlight that the U.S. is running hard. Demand in the U.S. has been good, albeit steady in Europe, soft in Asia. The feedstock advantage here is really, youve got a highly utilized U.S. Gulf Coast kit, namely CPChem and theyre running hard. So youve seen some destocking thats going on as well. So I think thats helped underpin a little bit of momentum. Now, I dont think anybodys declaring victory on this at this point. I think theres a lot of destocking that still needs to happen throughout the balance of the year. But it does tell you that the market forces are in play and you will see a rebalancing through 2024.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. And Matthew, I think this just demonstrates the resilience of CPChem across this down cycle. Theyve done relatively well, been able to run at high rates and compete, and be cash positive and show bottom of the cycle returns that were happy with. Were anxious to see them come out of this cyclical downturn, but they are really, really well positioned for the long-term.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, could you provide an outlook on your deferred taxes for 2024? Its been a little volatile recently, but I believe that 2023 did come in above your overall expectations. Whats the outlook for 2024?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Matt, thats a great question. We had pretty strong deferred tax benefit in 2023 and also 2022, and in both years the primary driver to those were the MLP roll-ups. So in 2022, we had benefit associated with PSXP, and in 2023, with the DCP roll-up. And that end -- in the end, that was a bigger benefit than we were anticipating, which drove some of the movements in that that you saw last year. That benefit drops off significantly as we go into 2024 and its a combination of less lower capital spend and so less depreciation to take advantage of, and bonus depreciation is scaling down as well, so we dropped 60% year one bonus in 2024. So were anticipating about a $200 million benefit for the year in 2024, so quite a lot lower than what we had in 2023. There is one caveat on this and that theres a current bill in Congress that if ultimately passed, will extend some of the tax provisions from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Right now were in the process of starting to sunset out, and if that passes, well actually see 100% bonus depreciation backdated to 2023, so youd get 2023, 2024 and 2025 all at 100%. That would benefit us in 2024 and to the tune of probably an incremental $300 million or so, but thats contingent on that legislation passing.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thanks for the color.
Mark Lashier: Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead, Jason.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. I had a follow-up question on the Rodeo startup plan and I appreciate all the color. I know you mentioned it was going to be ramping up to full rates by midyear. Does that also include indicative feed slate, meaning youre going to be running dirty lower CI feed from the middle of the year? Is that going to be more of a ramp up once you hit full rates?
Rich Harbison: Yeah. Jason, this Rich. We will start off with the easier feedstocks generally and those are used vegetable oils, maybe some used cooking oils and some neat vegetable oils. As we get the pretreatment unit up and running and lined out, well start introducing lower and lower CI carbon intensive feedstocks, which includes the fats, the greases, the tallows, those types of feedstocks, and we fully expect those to be introduced into the system towards the second half of the second quarter, maybe into the third quarter and well slowly and continuously reduce that carbon intensity feedstock quality as we get more and more comfortable with the operation of the pretreatment unit and their impacts inside the processing units as well. So -- and I think our commercial organizations lined up with that same and theyve been out and about gathering up these feedstocks and actively developing the aggregation facilities. And so theyre positioning quite well for the -- looking for the green light from the Rodeo team to go ahead and start sending these that direction and theyll be ready when were ready.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. And then my follow-up is on the Midstream segment and clearly very strong results, as youve discussed on the call. But Im wondering if theres any seasonality we should think about to the business that would result in maybe stronger winter results and weaker summer results, thinking of things like higher propane demand and butane being pulled out of storage for blending and anything else that would be included like that that would drive kind of lower earnings 2Q and 3Q relative to 4Q and 1Q. Thanks.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. Jason, thats a great question. And no, thats how we would look at it. If I look at 2024, as you kind of think about what we see that IBT looking like, we think that looks somewhere around on average, again, simple average across the four quarters about 675 a quarter. But youre right, theres some seasonality that comes into play. Typically, its a little stronger in the fourth quarter. Again, you nailed it, propane, butane, all those things kind of come into play. You see a little bit of that still in the first quarter. So, again, first quarter, fourth quarter, a little bit stronger, and then it comes off a little bit. But on average, about 675 is what were looking at. Now, thats at mid-cycle. So, I want to be real clear there. At mid-cycle commodity pricing, thats the framework were operating under. Now, obviously, if you look at first quarter, if there are winter events and things that happen that remember a couple years ago that we had and thats a different game, too. Well have to -- we just deal with that when that occurs. But generally, thats kind of the framework were looking at, again, on an IBT basis.
Jason Gabelman: All right. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi. In terms of your longer NGL wellhead-to-market strategy, can you just remind us, on a run rate basis, what do you anticipate is the breakdown of Y-grade volumes you control from your own processing plants flowing to your downstream assets versus third-party?
Mark Lashier: Well, I wont go into a lot of detail on that, Theresa, but what I will tell you is were long. We are long on NGLs. But actually, we want to be and thats by design. We offload to third parties to run some of our product for us, whether to transport or whether to frac. And at some point, Id like to think over time, as we continue to build scale on the integrated value chain that weve got, well bring those volumes in-house. But at this point in time, like I said, were long and we are for the foreseeable future on NGLs.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And would you mind giving us an update on the progress with the asset sales? How far are you along this process and have you narrowed things down further?
Mark Lashier: Yeah. As far as asset sales go, we said before that everything we have has a value and we understand what that value is and thats what were focused on. If we can capture more value from someone else owning assets, then well do that. But having said that, we are in some active discussions as we speak. Theres a number of processes underway that we cant comment on, but all Id say is, leave it there, that well have more comments likely at our first quarter earnings call.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter. So I wanted to ask on cracks in the central corridor, particularly on the gasoline side, which have remained weak to start the year. I know you benefit from running WCS there, but I was just hoping to get your latest thoughts on Mid-Con dynamics and just watching there as the year progresses.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Particularly in Chicago where the crack is now close to zero, a number of factors have caused that weak gasoline margins. Demand has been poor due to winter weather, which affected production, demand more than production. Refinings have been running strongly there. And then the upper Illinois River was frozen for 10 days, which blocked U.S. Mid-Con or Chicago exports from getting to the U.S. Gulf Coast. So kind of our view there is Chicago refineries are soon going to be in turnaround and theres a closed arc from the U.S. Gulf Coast up north. We think things will clear up, particularly as winter grade gasoline has moved out of tank and the market switches to summer grade gasoline.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thank you for that. And then I just wanted to ask on the export side, have you seen a shift in any crude or product flows with the Panama Canal capacity limitations or any Suez Canal diversions, maybe shipping more product to Europe.
Mark Lashier: I would say, first with Russia, now with the Red Sea, we have been seeing different arbitrage, different places. As you know, Russian barrels are going different places than they used to. But by and large, its just increasing freight rates and time. For us, thats actually helpful because as it does that the European type barrels, the Brent TIs widen out and we buy more barrels at basis WTI, so for us, its a benefit. Also, we have a strong and robust bunker fueling business, which also benefits from the higher bunker sales for the longer voyages.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. Ill now turn it back to Mark for closing remarks.
Mark Lashier: Thanks for all your questions. Im going to wrap up with slide 13 and have some comments about where weve been and where were headed. Youll recall back in 2022 at our Investor Day, we set some pretty ambitious goals and those goals were based on shareholder feedback. Then in 2023, we focused on what we control and we delivered on our plans with strong operating and financial results. Those results enable us to deliver the attractive returns to shareholders that you heard about today. Now, in 2024, were raising the performance bar once again to enhance our ability to reward shareholders with strong returns now and in the future. For those of you that are invested in Phillips 66, we thank you for your confidence.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks for all your interest in Phillips 66. If you have further questions, please call Owen or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you everyone for joining us today. This concludes our call and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2023 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carla and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President of Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Todays presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during todays call. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report another quarter of strong financial and operating results and we continue to execute on our strategic priorities to increase shareholder value. Our achievements to-date have enabled us to make significant progress toward the commitments we made to shareholders a year ago at Investor Day. We are confident in our ability to exceed these commitments and we will provide an update today. Slide 4 shows the evolution of our portfolio. We are much more than a refining company. We are differentiated by an integrated and diversified Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, Marketing and Specialties portfolio that generates free cash flow through the economic cycles. Our global commercial supply and trading organization leverages our assets to generate incremental value. We continue to execute our strategy to increase more stable cash flows in Midstream. We see more growth opportunities as U.S. natural gas and natural gas liquids production is expected to outpace crude oil. The demand fundamentals are strong as NGLs and petrochemical feedstocks remain the fastest growing segment of liquids demand. The DCP acquisition earlier this year strengthened our competitive position by integrating our NGL wellhead-to-market value chain and adds over $1 billion to mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA. Our current synergy run-rate is on pace to deliver more than $400 million. Midstreams stable cash generation covers the companys dividend and our sustaining capital. We will continue to capitalize on our integrated and diversified portfolio to deliver results. Moving to Slide 5. At our Investor Day in November 2022, we targeted $3 billion in mid-cycle EBITDA growth by 2025. This included NGL wellhead-to-market, Rodeo Renewed, business transformation and CPChem growth projects. Given the substantial progress employees across the company have made, we are raising the bar. We now expect to grow mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA by $4 billion between 2022 and 2025, reflecting a $1 billion increase from our original target. This includes additional value from business transformation, midstream synergies and commercial contributions. We are increasing the business transformation target to $1.4 billion from $1 billion. We are enhancing our commercial capabilities to extract additional value, maximizing return on capital employed and increasing refining market capture. We are committing to higher shareholder distributions. Our new target is $13 billion to $15 billion between July 2022 and year end 2024. This is an increase from our original target of $10 billion to $12 billion. We will return over 50% of our operating cash flow to shareholders. Lastly, we plan to monetize assets that no longer meet strategic long-term objectives. Proceeds from monetizing these non-core assets are expected to be more than $3 billion. We will deploy the proceeds to advance strategic priorities, including accelerating cash return to shareholders. Slide 6 shows progress on distributions to shareholders and improving Refining performance. We returned $6.7 billion through share repurchases and dividends since July 2022, representing over 50% of operating cash flow during the same time period. Strong cash generation and disciplined capital allocation enabled us to exceed the pace to achieve the original $10 billion to $12 billion target before year end 2024. The increased target of $13 billion to $15 billion equates to 25% to 30% of current market cap. Our Board of Directors approved a $5 billion increase to our share repurchase authorization. This is in addition to the previous authorization, which had approximately $3.1 billion remaining as of September 30. Since 2012, the Board has authorized $25 billion in share repurchases. These higher distributions to shareholders will be supported by $4 billion of mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA growth between 2022 and 2025. We are laser-focused on improving Refining performance. Third quarter crude utilization of 95% was the highest utilization since 2019. Our refining system ran above industry average utilization rates for the third straight quarter. We continue to advance high return, low capital projects to improve reliability and market capture. We are executing 10 to 15 projects a year to improve market capture by 5%. Last year, we completed several projects that added 2% to market capture and we expect the 2023 projects to add a further 1.3%. We reduced costs by $0.40 per barrel and will achieve a $0.75 per barrel run-rate by the end of 2023. Our people have fully embraced business transformation and we are raising our target to a $1 per barrel run-rate by the end of 2024. Slide 7 provides an overview of the business transformation program. We are increasing our business transformation target to $1.4 billion, comprised of $1.1 billion of cost reductions and $300 million of sustaining capital efficiencies. The incremental reductions are $300 million in costs, over half of which benefits Refining and $100 million of sustaining capital. We are on track to achieve the targets this year and next. Slide 8 summarizes our strategic priorities and enhancements. Last November, we announced six priorities to increase shareholder value. These were ambitious and consistent with investor feedback. Our achievements to-date provide us with the confidence that we will not only meet these targets, but well exceed them. So with the support of our Board, we are increasing our commitments to shareholders. Delivering on the commitments will generate additional free cash flow from our integrated and diversified portfolio, positioning us to increase cash returns to shareholders now and in the future. Now Ill turn the call over to Kevin to review the third quarter financial results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Adjusted earnings were $2.1 billion or $4.63 per share. A $9 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.02. We generated operating cash flow of $2.7 billion, including a working capital benefit of $285 million and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $361 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $855 million. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through $752 million of share repurchases and $465 million of dividends. We ended the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33%. Annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 17%. Ill cover the segment results on Slide 10. Additional details can be referenced in the appendix to this presentation. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the second quarter to the third quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings increased $304 million, mostly due to improved results in Refining, partially offset by lower results in Chemicals and Midstream as well as higher corporate costs. In Midstream, third quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $569 million, down $57 million from the prior quarter. The decrease related to our NGL business and was mainly due to the timing of cargo freight costs as well as higher utility, integration and employee costs. These impacts were partially offset by higher margins from increasing commodity prices. Chemicals adjusted pre-tax income decreased $88 million to $104 million in the third quarter. This decrease was mainly due to lower margins. Global O&P utilization was 99%. Refining third quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $1.7 billion, up $592 million from the second quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher realized margins and strong utilization. Realized margins increased due to higher market crack spreads, partially offset by inventory hedge impacts, lower secondary product margins and lower Gulf Coast clean product realizations. Inventory hedges and losses from secondary products mainly reflect the impact of rising crude prices during the quarter. These market factors negatively impacted capture rate, which was 66% in the quarter. Marketing and Specialties adjusted third quarter pre-tax income was $633 million, a slight decrease of $11 million from the previous quarter, reflecting continued strong margins. The Corporate and Other segments adjusted pre-tax costs were $59 million higher than the previous quarter. The increase was mainly due to higher net interest expense related to acquiring DCP Midstreams public common units on June 15 as well as employee-related expenses. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24%. The impact of non-controlling interest was improved compared to the prior quarter and reflects a lower non-controlling interest since our acquisition of DCP Midstream public common units. Slide 11 shows the change in cash during the third quarter. We started the quarter with a $3 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2.4 billion, excluding working capital. During the quarter, we funded $358 million of pension plan contributions, which comes out of cash from operations. That was a working capital benefit of $285 million. Year-to-date working capital is a use of around $2 billion, primarily related to inventory that we expect to mostly reverse by year-end. We received $280 million from asset dispositions, mainly reflecting the sale of our interest in South Texas Gateway Terminal. Total proceeds from asset dispositions of $370 million through the third quarter of 2023. We funded $855 million of capital spending. This includes $260 million for the acquisition of a U.S. West Coast marketing business. We repaid approximately $500 million of debt, mostly reflecting lower borrowings on DCP Midstreams credit facilities. Additionally, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our ending cash balance was $3.5 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, Ill cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the fourth quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the fourth quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low-90s and turnaround expenses to be between $90 million and $110 million. We anticipate fourth quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $280 million and $300 million. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs, your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Good morning, team. This was very helpful, particularly the commentary on the strategic priorities. And so I want to  on the bullet about maintaining financial strength and flexibility, you talked about moving from $3 billion to $4 billion of EBITDA growth and greater than $3 billion of non-core asset dispositions. So wondering if you could take some time to talk about what are the key drivers of the move from $3 billion to $4 billion? And then as you identify non-core asset sales, what are some of the parameters that youre evaluating as we think about what assets could be part of that discussion?
Mark Lashier: Hi, Neil. Good morning. This is Mark. When you think about the additional billion-dollar increments in EBITDA, that really comes from the enhanced business transformation work that were going to do as well as the additional synergies we intend to capture from the DCP roll-up, supplemented by the enhanced capability and value creation that were going to see out of the commercial organization. Regarding asset dispositions, this fundamentally is about creating focus and redeploying capital. Were not going to comment on specific assets today, but we generally have some high-performing assets that may be more valuable to others and maybe more strategic to others and we are going to explore that. And if we can capture value greater than our whole value, well do so. But the bottom line is this, that were committed to managing the portfolio to drive focus thats consistent with our strategy and simplifying our business.
Neil Mehta: Okay. Alright, thank you. And then on the quarter itself, the Refining capture rates probably came in a little bit lower than street was expecting. Was that just timing effects with crude? Or is there anything else that we need to keep in mind as we think about what it all means for 4Q and 2024?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil. Its Kevin. Let me just make a couple of comments on that. So we did have a few things moving around in the quarter that impacted capture to the negative. And so we saw regional price differentials that differed from the benchmark that we use in terms of the market crack. And so those worked against us that during the quarter, for example, the Chicago market, which became disconnected from the group, and we move product into that market. We also had an impact from the effect of inventory hedges in a rising price environment. So that crack component, this all showed up in the central corridor. We expect about $100 million to $150 million of that to come back in the fourth quarter as we see the physical gain on those barrels that offsets the paper loss that we took in the third quarter.
Neil Mehta: Its very helpful. Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you, Neil. Roger Read from Wells Fargo Securities, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning and appreciate the winding up of the changes here, improvements, I should say, overall. The question I have, to start with, you mentioned $3 billion of target disposition proceeds, but youve upped your overall EBITDA target. So Im just curious, what EBITDA is associated with those ops, if any? And what does that imply about the sort of extra growth in the overall performance of your raised EBITDA target?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Roger, its Kevin. So just for clarity on that point, the growth that we laid out there, the incremental $1 billion is excluding the impact of dispositions. And so clearly, dispositions will reduce EBITDA. Were not giving any guidance on that at this point in time. I mean, you can come up with an assumption on where you may think we will be selling assets and make a multiple assumption from that. But were not giving any specific guidance on the dispositions, other than we expect to realize in excess of $3 billion.
Roger Read: Okay. And I assume based on the idea that there is always a larger pool of assets that could be sold, thats why its unclear right now what the net impact would be.
Kevin Mitchell: Thats right. We will do what makes the most sense for us.
Roger Read: Okay. And then a follow-up to Neils question on Refining margins, but maybe looking forward rather than back. The shift here, where diesel margins are well above gasoline, I think about generally a diesel yield improvement for you versus industry standards. Is that the right way to think about Q4 here? Or is there anything else that we should be paying attention to that would work against that?
Rich Harbison: Yes, Roger, this is Rich. As weve indicated over the years, our kit has shifted towards distillate production. There is nothing thats changed on that, other than some of our flexibility to move back and forth between gasoline and distillate. So we still maintain a kit that is favorable to distillate margins in the market.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Roger. Manav Gupta from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning, guys. My question here is, and I know kind of answer, most likely you will not answer it, but we get this question a lot. A very strong result on the West Coast again. A weaker default in price environment. Is there a possibility you could let Rodeo Renewed a little longer and capture higher margins and then just wait for LCFS to rebound later in 2024? So is there a way you could  is there a possibility you could move the timing of startup of Rodeo to better coincide with higher LCFS prices and, in the meantime, make more money on the West Coast?
Rich Harbison: Manav, Ill start that answer and then maybe give  hand it over to Brian here to add a little color on the backside. So at Rodeo, maybe Ill just step back a little bit and level set on everything thats going on at Rodeo here. So Rodeo, there was two NGOs that filed a suit against at Contra Costa County, alleging that the Rodeo Renewed project environmental impact report insufficiently address project impacts. The ruling for the suit was received earlier this year. And actually, there were several issues in our favor, but there were three issues identified as insufficient in the county-certified EIR. The judge explicitly allowed construction to continue with the project while Contra Costa County works through and addresses the three deficiencies that were identified in the EIR. The county actually posted that revised EIR update on October 24. That initiated a 45-day public comment period. The county will respond to the comments and then likely issue a final EIR early 2024. So right now, our project construction remains on track to complete in the first quarter, and were committed to that time line. However, I want to add, we have options. Weve talked a little bit about this, but let me be a little bit more explicit on this one. There is flexibility to continue crude operation in the event that circumstances beyond our control prevent the start-up of the project. I want to say we are committed to the start-up of the project. But if, for some reason, we dont have that authority, we will continue to operate in crude operation. This is a staggered conversion process. In the past, weve called this a ramp-up plan, so that creates natural flexibility for us. It allows us to continue to process crude, or it allows us to start up the Rodeo Renewed project, which, I want to remind people, thats equivalent to removing emissions of 1 million cars from the roads. So we remain pretty confident. We remain confident, I should say, that we will start up the operation of Rodeo Renewed at the end of the first quarter. And were focused on executing that conversion plan. But we have this planned flexibility, and we will continue to process the crude oil, if necessary. Now the outlook on the market and what your  the other part of your question is really this outlook of LCFS and  in this relationship. Im going to hand that over to Brian, who can explain that relationship a little bit more. Its more complicated than just the LCFS credit program.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Manav, its Brian. So when you think about the RD margins, you have to think about not just the credits but the price of the feedstock, the price of the RD when it comes to market. So even though weve had lower LCFS and RINs, weve had these distillate prices that have outrun soybean prices. In fact, soybean prices are off. We have more low CI feedstocks that are making their way into the U.S. Kinder Morgan pipeline is allowing RD on their pipelines now, so that means more reach of RD into the California market for consumption. Weve had  domestic demand is expected to continue to grow. Weve converted all our stations. Were seeing RD demand in Oregon and Washington continue to mature as those programs mature. Weve been seeing RD moving to states like Texas and Illinois and Colorado, where they have tax abatement and tax reduction programs. And I think traders believe that the U.S. harvest is looking good. And if you remember last year, in Argentina, they had a drought. And this year, we expect a more normal crop level condition. And then finally, what a lot of traders and folks have on their minds is SAF or renewable jet. And as those incentives make more sense to produce renewable jet, youll see some of this RD thats being produced move away and become SAF. So were expecting about 200,000 barrels a day of RD at the end of this year, but we will see some of that RD in the future become renewable jet.
Manav Gupta: Thank you. That was very detailed, and I think the key is the flexibility part which you expressed. My quick follow-up here is, in your opening comments, you said you are more than a refiner, and yes, you have a very strong Marketing and Specialties business. Can we have some visibility, on the near and medium-term, how that business is looking, both in Europe and in the U.S., if you could elaborate a little bit on the near-term outlook for that business? Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Hey, Manav, its Brian again. So Ill say we had a really strong quarter in the third quarter. In fact, it was our fourth best quarter on record. Q2 and Q3 are usually stronger seasonally than Q1 and Q4. And as you remember, starting 2019, weve added a lot of retail to our retail joint ventures in the U.S. Were up to 700 retail stores now, and they performed really well this quarter. Were also focused on what weve called the last-mile strategy internally, which is getting Rodeo complex RD to the market, directly to the market, and getting that value chain value at Phillips 66. Weve seen product volumes in our businesses relatively flat, but we continue to optimize those volumes through higher-value distribution channels. So as a reminder, we have a wholesale business, we have a branded or franchise business, and then we have a retail business. And the branded or franchise business and the retail business, those margins are significantly higher than the wholesale margins. And then finally, on the lubricants base oil business, it continues to perform really well. So Id say, for Q4, we think that earnings will be in-line with our normal Q4 mid-cycle expectations.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Manav, I would just add over the top that Brian and his team have been just quietly and consistently executing their last-mile strategy and this opportunity to invest a fairly small amount of capital to get very high returns and to enhance our exposure to retail margins in a very accretive way. And its  youre seeing the value show up, and youre seeing a consistent performance there that we really appreciate.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Manav. Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And appreciate all the updates this morning. Mark, I wonder if I could try the disposal question again. I just want to be clear where you guys are in this process. Have you internally identified the assets for sale? I just wanted to be clear on that. And maybe what your expectations are of time line? I dont think thats been touched on, and Ive got a quick follow-up on Refining.
Mark Lashier: The answer to the first question is yes. The answer to the second question is, it really is a function of the market appetite. We understand the value that these assets provide us, and they provide good value. So weve got to find willing buyers that have a greater affinity for those assets than we do. And so were not in any rush. Were not performing any fire sale, but we believe there is opportunities out there in the market today to execute that plan.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. My follow-up is on Refining, and Im going to ask for a little forgiveness on this one ahead of time. But I think you know where our position has been on the strength of the Refining sector, the Refining cycle going forward, volatile as it may be. And weve kind of challenged you guys a few times on what youre assuming as a mid-cycle sustainable EBITDA for your business. So Im curious if you could walk us through  and expeditions always possible, given were on this call, what the moving parts are behind the contribution of Refining to the new mid-cycle targets? The capture rate is one part, but youve been running ahead. When your facility has been running, youve been running ahead for quite a while now. And similarly, your utilization rates were not great. Now they are better. Is that a big factor? Im just wondering what the key kind of moving parts are in the assumptions and what the contribution is from Refining in your new targets. Thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Doug, let me try and unpack some of that. So our mid-cycle Refining EBITDA, as we laid out at Investor Day, was $4 billion. That reflects a historic average assumption around where the market will trade. And thats  we havent changed that assumption. What we are doing is increasing our ability to capture value across that system through lower costs and increased contribution from our commercial organization and the EBITDA uplift they provide  that, that organization provides to the system will predominantly show up in Refining. It wont all be Refining, but itll predominantly show up in Refining. We havent tried to make a call on if we actually think the go-forward mid-cycle margin environment is stronger now than it has been historically. Clearly, weve been in above mid-cycle conditions for most of this year and last year. And thats all  we view that as upside, so were still pretty optimistic for the near-term. Were probably above mid-cycle in the near-term, but our fundamental view of mid-cycle hasnt changed. But our belief in terms of what that business can do in a mid-cycle environment is going up with the enhancements were putting in place.
Doug Leggate: Kevin, has your utilization assumption changed?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, not really because, if you think back to where we were running for the years prior to the pandemic and then we took a hit during the pandemic, were really assuming we get back to that kind of level of operations that we were at before. And so some of the things  some of the Refining performance priorities that Rich has talked about in the past that were outlined in Investor Day a year ago, we did not include those in as increases to mid-cycle. We view that as we have to deliver on these to get back to that level of operations that weve historically been at.
Doug Leggate: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Doug. Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe if I could, a question on the shareholder return target. Thanks for the positive update there. I mean, at the midpoint, it implies, I think, roughly $1 billion a year of buyback a quarter to year-end 2024, which is a nice step-up from what we saw during the third quarter, pretty close to the pace that youve had year-to-date in 2023 in what has been a  obviously is like  certainly an above-mid-cycle environment. So can you maybe talk about your confidence in  what drove your confidence in being able to lean into the shareholder return target in that way, maybe what it implies in your view of the outlook from here? And on the  should we think  youve been above pace on  your prior mid-cycle target has been above mid-cycle. Should we think of it the same way, where, if we continue to stay above mid-cycle in 2024, that youll drive towards the upside or beyond and that type of target?
Mark Lashier: Yes. Ryan, this is Mark. Glad to answer that question. To answer your last question, the answer is yes. If were outperforming our  our desire is to hit the high end of that target, and weve provided the flexibility in the event that there is less cash available because of market conditions, we can pull back a little bit. Another thing I would point out is our $3 billion in asset dispositions, we have not factored that cash into the $13 billion to $15 billion. So there is another level of assurance there that we can hit that. And we really are focusing on the things that we can control. As you look at the business transformation, we see those numbers, we see the reality of those numbers, and we can capture that and use that value to drive those returns. And we also see line of sight to the additional increments of EBITDA, the $4 billion thats coming into play. And of course, that could be impacted by market as well. But when you factor all those things in, the risk of underperforming is fairly muted. So weve got a high level of confidence that we can deliver.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Perfect. Thats very helpful. And then maybe just a question on the Midstream. Youve had a little bit of time now with the consolidated position there, DCP under your belt at this point. Synergies have moved a little bit higher from $300 million to $400 million. Maybe can you talk about how you view the opportunity set there, both in terms of what youre seeing in terms of your ability to drive commercial improvements there and maybe incremental growth down the line?
Tim Roberts: Yes, sure. Ryan, this is Tim. So yes, great question. Glad you asked. If anything else, business transformation  and Ill talk about that because business transformation, we started that process. And as we got into it, we just found more. Were doing the same thing with the DCP integration. So as we brought this thing together  and by the way, we wont be complete with the integration. We will get all the IT stuff done by the end of the first quarter. And I think its important to say that because once thats done in the end of the first quarter, one, we can get some redundancies in people that will move away in supporting two different systems. The other is our commercial team and our ops team will all be reading off the same screens, the single source of data. It will all be one versus trying to look at two different systems and trying to make some decisions there. So we think the real catalyst for optimization is going to happen  or further optimization will happen in that 1Q. But probably worth me giving an example here on the commercial side, so we are really excited about what  this venture and putting it together, really excited about it. And we also think the  as we have gotten into it, as I have mentioned, we really felt like we are finding more and more as we go. And the example I want to give you is one that just came up a couple of weeks ago for us, where commercially, we were able to move barrels. I wont put any names in here, we were able to move barrels off one pipe, put it onto another pipe and allow more volume to go on the pipe we moved off of. And that net impacts an additional $10 million a year for us. So, we could not have done that if we were two separate entities. So, yes, are we believers, yes. And do we think there is more there, yes. And are we encouraged once we get past the first quarter about there being more opportunity, absolutely.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And I would like to throw another example out there, Ryan, that last week, a group of us visited the Sweeny Complex, and we got to stop by the control room that operates all of our fractionators. And I asked a couple of frontline operators how they felt integration was going, and they were ecstatic because they see the ability to improve their ability to perform. They see it in real time. They said we can run at harder rates because we get better information, there is greater collaboration. They can run without concern or surprises coming at them. And so the whole mindset around business transformation, synergy capture, being more competitive has evolved all the way to the front line. These folks want to win, and they want to figure out every day how to do better and how to drive more synergies and capture that and deliver value. So, its real, and its out on the front line.
Ryan Todd: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Ryan. Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Mark Lashier: Good morning Paul.
Paul Cheng: Good morning. A couple of questions. Marketing, the business seems like continued to do better than expected in a number of quarters. You have been adding retail stations and everything. So, should we look at that your base and then whats considered mid-cycle have a structural improvement because of your  the way that how you guided maybe changing the way how you run or adding to the asset? And if it is the case, what is the new good baseline that we can assume?
Mark Lashier: Yes. Paul, what I think you are asking is you are applauding the good performance you have seen in the marketing group, and it continues to increase, as Brian and his team execute their strategy. And you are asking, is there a reset in the mid-cycle performance of the marketing business, is that the question?
Paul Cheng: Thats correct. Because I mean I think historically, that its sort of like mid-cycle is $400 million a quarter. But you certainly have done much better than that in the past 2 years. I think that one quarter, you can say, maybe its one risk, but it seems like its pretty consistent that you guys have been performing better. I was just curious that, is it structurally that the business is stronger today as you add more retail station and everything, or that this is truly that you think is just the market condition is much better than average?
Brian Mandell: Paul, this is Brian. I would say we did raise the mid-cycle a couple of years ago, and we will continue to watch it. And if we need to raise it again, we will. But obviously, the business is performing better and we are proud of the business performing better. We are going to continue to look for opportunities to add to the last-mile strategy and some of our other initiatives. So, as we see that value hitting the bottom line, we will indeed, at some point raise the mid-cycle.
Paul Cheng: So, Brian, that you dont feel comfortable that we have seen enough of the improvement, saying that the mid-cycle is that, indeed, that is now even better than what you had in mind, say, a couple of years ago?
Brian Mandell: I would say keep watching the bottom line, and you will see the dollars there. And when we feel comfortable, we will move mid-cycle up.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Brian never lacks confidence.
Paul Cheng: Okay, fair enough. And maybe this one is for Rich. Rich, can you share with us that  whats the Phillips 66 turnaround activity look like for next year? Is it comparing to this year, whether its going to be higher, lower or about the same? And also, whats your view about the industry turnaround activity for next year? Thank you.
Rich Harbison: Yes, Paul, appreciate the question. We generally give that guidance out fourth quarter, and so stand by for that outlook on the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you, Paul. John Royall from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Royall: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is on the net debt target. You had guided to hitting the top end of your range on leverage by year-end. It was a pretty modest tailwind from working capital in 3Q, and Kevin mentioned you will catch it up and get most of that 1H build back in 4Q. Do you need any help from price to hit that working capital number, or could price conversely be a headwind that prevents you from getting it all back? And then does the worsening environment that we have seen here in 4Q in refining potentially impact your ability to hit that target?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I mean, John, the market environment will impact profitability. It will impact cash generation. But the bulk of the working capital benefit we expect to see in the fourth quarter will be driven by inventory impacts, and thats pretty solid in terms of that impact. So, while there will always be other parts moving around in this equation, I feel pretty confident that the top end of that targeted range is  we will be around about there at the end of the year. I am not too concerned by that.
John Royall: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then I was just hoping for your latest views on WCS differentials. You should get some tailwinds from the widening we have seen here in 4Q. But where do you think the differential goes from here, particularly as we get close to the start-up of TMX, although there is some debate over the timing there? But just any thoughts on WCS as we head into next year would be helpful.
Brian Mandell: Hey John, its Brian. So, like you said, the WCS dips are very wide, minus $25 now. Thats a benefit to us. We are the largest importer of Canadian crude, nearly 500,000 barrels a day. The reason the dips are wide is because you have more production than you have pipeline egress. And you also have the diluent blended into  starting in September, into the crude, which adds or swells volume. We would expect to see the dips remain seasonally wide with more barrels than egress as traders also sell barrels to meet the year-end inventories. TMX has announced the start-up in April. We will take them at their word. Currently, we dont think the pipeline will run at full capacity. But if you take a look at the forward curves currently, Q2, Q3 average is about minus $15, and thats about where we think it might end up.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, John. Jason Gabelman from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Gabelman: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is on refining capture, and we have seen co-product headwinds continue now for a second quarter. Last quarter was a pretty high headwind, and then this quarter was even higher. And the oil price moving up obviously impacts the co-product headwind, but was wondering what else is going on in that bucket? If you could give us some visibility into that and if you think any of that is structural in nature.
Rich Harbison: Jason, this is Rich. Are you asking about the co-product bucket?
Jason Gabelman: Yes.
Mark Lashier: Secondary products.
Rich Harbison: Secondary products, yes. Yes, so the primary  in refining, that primary mover there is petroleum coke, right. Thats the product that generally drives that secondary product margin for us. And it generally lags behind crude pricing, right, and its tied to the coal markets that can pressure it up or pressure it down based on supply and demand requirements there. The other subtle component that plays into secondary products for us is NGL pricing. And thats bigger in some markets than others for us, but it certainly does play into it, and thats been depressed for some period now. And thats  our outlook continues to not be real strong on NGL pricing on the forward curves. The balance of the secondary products, which are fuel oil intermediates and some other products that probably arent worth mentioning, those have been relatively flat, really, over the period. So, we dont see  so, we see those coke and NGLs as the primary movers right now for us in that area.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks. And my follow-up is on the $3 billion divestment target and not really where thats going to come from, but use of proceeds. You mentioned in the earnings press release that those proceeds will be deployed to strategic priorities, including returns to shareholders. But I was wondering if there is a desire to use some of that cash to continue to grow and just, kind of in broad strokes, what type of growth you would prioritize? Thanks.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks Jason. The cash that we might receive from those asset dispositions will be allocated consistent with our premise capital allocation process. It always includes a growth element. And if there are things that we can accelerate in our growth agenda, we can look at that. But certainly, also would be a factor is opportunities around our balance sheet and then opportunities to hit the high end of our cash return to shareholders target. So, its all in play, just like any dollar of cash that we would turn over to treasury.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Mark Lashier: You bet.
Operator: Thank you, Jason. Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. First one is on the chem side. Could you talk about some of the dynamics in PE? Inventories have cleaned up a little bit here, but whats your margin outlook for both the U.S. and international heading into Q4? Could you give a comment on [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Hi Matthew, unfortunately, your line is breaking up, so we will have to move to the next question. If you would like to rejoin the queue and potentially try dialing back in.
Mark Lashier: Yes. We heard the first part, so Tim is going to take a shot at the first part around PE margins and inventories.
Tim Roberts: Yes, let me do that. Sorry, Matt, with the breakout there. I got the front end of it. And so I could take a wild guess on the back end, but that probably wouldnt go well. So, from a chem standpoint, look, it feels like a little bit of a broken record. We still have a supply-demand imbalance. Clearly, China, Asia is not where we would like it to be. Over time, we expect that to come back around. But you are going to have to see a correction in the new capacity thats coming onboard, coupled with demand picking up. So, we do think thats going to be hard to see at least through 2024. But to your point, I mean when you have things like we have seen a little bit of improvement on polyethylene, you see a couple of price increases, which have been good. I dont know if they are sustainable, but nonetheless, they have come through, which has helped. And we have seen inventories coming off slowly, but coming off. So, from that standpoint, there is a little bit of, I am going to say, constructive, but we know that balance has got to get fixed. Now, the one thing that I think is really important we stress here is, though, that CPChems kit and their assets, 96% of their assets are utilizing advantaged feedstocks. So, while there may be a lot of pain in the chemical space, those that are leveraging advantaged feedstocks are doing okay. We would love to be doing a lot better, but they are doing okay. Our assets at CPChem are running hard as well as probably their competition using light feed in the U.S. Gulf Coast and in the Middle East. But those that are using naphtha in higher-cost regions are probably challenged at this point. Our teams are running hard, running well, taking advantage and are well positioned to actually benefit from this low-margin environment because of the feedstock we are in. So with that, we still think, though there is some more lifting to do with regard to getting the supply-demand balance where it needs to be, but if we can continue to see some green shoots like the GDP that we saw earlier this week, maybe you put a couple of those together, and we can start moving that forward.
Operator: Thank you. Joe Laetsch from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Laetsch: Hi team. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to just start on the demand side. So, recognizing the DOE demand data has been really volatile, could you just share what you are seeing in your system across gasoline, diesel and jet? And then if possible, just your outlook for the remainder of the year, realizing that its really volatile right now. Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Hey Joe, this is Brian. Let me take a stab at that. In the U.S., inventories remain low for distillate, 17% under 5-year averages. Gasoline has come back up now close to 5-year averages. So, maybe starting on the distillate side, cracks are now in the mid to high $20 range when adjusted in U.S. Gulf Coast, New York and Europe. To be reminded, European refiners need distillate cracks at higher levels because of the higher net gas price to incentivize production. We are seeing distillate demand globally at about 2% higher than last year. In the U.S., we will start  we see demand a little bit off, although we have been watching the manufacturing sector, and we think its probably bottomed. Truck tonnage index has begun to rebound as an example. So, for  on our outlook for diesel, we would say its supported from here with the low inventories and potential shortages in Europe. And as a reminder, this is Europes first year without Russian distillate supply, so we will have to watch that as well. And on the gas cracks, gas has been coming along for a ride as refiners have produced  continue to produce diesel with the strong diesel margins. We have also had butane blending startup, which has increased the volume of gasoline. And the summer has kind of been devoid of any hurricane issues. What we have seen is, especially on the Gulf Coast, we started to see plants cutting FCC units. So, we think that will be a help to clearing up the gasoline. On the demand side, we are seeing global gasoline 2% year-over-year and particularly strong, Asia and Middle East, Europe, about flat. U.S. demand seems to be about flat, too. Latin America has been really strong, about 5% over last year. So, on our outlook for gasoline, we would say demand relatively flat through the end of the year as the markets work to clean up some of the gasoline supply.
Joe Laetsch: Got it. Thanks. Appreciate your response on that. And I just wanted to ask, on the dividend, so we have  it was good to see the increase in the target. We have touched on the buyback a bit. But could you just remind us how you are thinking on dividend growth from here?
Mark Lashier: Yes. Our position there is consistent, secure growing dividends. We have grown the dividend every year since spin, and thats not going to change.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks. Appreciate it today.
Mark Lashier: You bet.
Operator: Thank you, Joe. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mark Lashier for closing comments.
Mark Lashier: Thank you and thanks to all of you for your questions. Our integrated and diversified portfolio continues to perform extremely well and it creates unique competitive advantage. Our strong performance and confidence in execution drives us to increase several of the original commitments in our pursuit to achieve superior returns for our shareholders. We will return $13 billion to $15 billion to shareholders by year-end 2024. We will reduce refining operating costs by $1 per barrel. We will capture over $400 million in Midstream synergies, and we will deliver $1.4 billion of cash savings by year-end 2024. We will monetize over $3 billion of non-core assets and we will enhance our commercial capabilities generating additional earnings. Our plans are ambitious. We are raising the bar and continuing to reward shareholders now and well into the future.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks Mark. If you have any additional questions, please call Owen or me. We appreciate your participation on the call today. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President, and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; Rich Harbison, Refining; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.8 billion or $3.87 per share. We continued to execute on our strategic priorities and returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our results reflect strong operating performance across our portfolio, demonstrating the commitment of our employees to maintain safe and reliable operations. We want to thank them for their dedication to operating excellence and delivering on our mission to provide energy and improve lives. In Refining, we continue to run above industry average rates, and in Midstream, we had record NGL frac volumes. We continue to run our Sweeny Hub fracs, and export terminal at above nameplate capacities to meet strong demand. We remain committed to operating excellence and continue to focus on our strategic priorities to create value and return cash to shareholders. Slide 4 summarizes progress toward our strategic priorities. Over the last 12 months, we've returned 14% of our market cap or $5.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're on track to return $10 billion to $12 billion over the 10-quarter period between July 2022 through year-end 2024. In Refining, we had another quarter of strong operating performance with crude utilization of 93% and lower operating costs. As of the end of the quarter, more than $300 million of the $550 million run rate cost savings are attributable to Refining. Kevin will provide an update on our business transformation progress in a moment. We're executing our NGL wellhead to market strategy and capturing DCP integration synergies faster than expected. Our current synergy run rate is over $200 million. We've been successful in identifying additional opportunities to increase our target from $300 million to more than $400 million by 2025. In June, we completed the acquisition of DCP Midstream's public common units for $3.8 billion, increasing our economic interest from 43% to 87%. We ended the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 35%. We expect leverage to be within our target range by year-end. In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The capital to convert the facility to over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production is anticipated to be approximately $1.25 billion. This is an increase from our original premise due to higher-than-anticipated material and labor costs as well as impacts related to weather and permitting. The revised capital cost of around $1.60 per gallon remains well below similar announced projects, and the expected returns are significantly above our Refining hurdle rates. The overall project timing and scope remains unchanged. We expect to begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. In Chemicals, CPChem completed construction of the 1-hexene unit in Old Ocean, Texas, and expects to begin operations by the end of the third quarter. The new propylene splitter at its Cedar Bayou facility is expected to start up in the fourth quarter. CPChem and Qatar Energy are jointly building world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Golden Triangle Polymers joint venture has project financing in place. The Ras Laffan petrochemical joint venture expects to complete project financing later this year. Both projects remain on schedule to start up in 2026. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the business transformation savings and second quarter financial results.
Kevin Mitchell : Thank you, Mark. Starting on Slide 5 with an update on our business transformation progress. Our $1 billion business transformation target includes $800 million of cost savings and $200 million of sustaining capital reductions. We have identified over 2,700 initiatives to permanently reduce costs, with employees across the organization actively engaged in the transformation process. We have completed 1,200 initiatives that are generating value today. The chart on the left shows our progress toward the $800 million cost reduction target, with $550 million of run-rate cost savings at the end of the second quarter. The stacked bar shows our actual cumulative cost reductions for the year by category. Over the first half of 2023, we realized $260 million in cost savings. The majority of these cost reductions relate to Refining, which has benefited by about $0.40 per barrel. Business transformation initiatives range from optimizing services across our portfolio of assets to establishing new tools to improve use of steam and energy.  Organizationally, we strengthened our centralized model for core functions to drive consistency and efficiencies. We continue implementing cost savings initiatives and are on track to achieve our run rate target by year-end 2023. We expect to realize the full $800 million of cost savings in 2024, which will include Refining cost reductions of $0.75 per barrel. Now I'll move to Slide 6 to cover the second quarter financial results. Adjusted earnings were $1.8 billion or $3.87 per share. The $15 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.03. We generated operating cash flow of $1 billion, including a working capital use of $1 billion and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $239 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $551 million, including $339 million for growth projects. We returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through $1.3 billion of share repurchases and $474 million of dividends. We ended the quarter with 445 million shares outstanding. I'll cover the segment results on Slide 7. Additional details can be referenced in the appendix to this presentation. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the first quarter to the second quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $199 million, mostly due to lower results in Refining and Midstream, partially offset by an improvement in Marketing and Specialties. In Midstream, second quarter adjusted pretax income was $626 million, down $52 million from the prior quarter. The decrease was driven by the impact of declining commodity prices in our NGL business. This was partially offset by higher volumes in transportation. Chemicals adjusted pretax income decreased $6 million to $192 million in the second quarter. The industry polyethylene chain margin increased by $0.03 to $0.20 per pound. However, this was offset by higher maintenance and turnaround costs in the quarter. Global O&P utilization was 98%.  Refining second quarter adjusted pretax income was $1.1 billion, down $460 million from the first quarter. The decrease was due to a decline in margins, partially offset by higher volumes and lower operating expenses. Realized margins decreased primarily due to the decline in distillate crack spreads and narrowing heavy crude differentials, partially offset by improved gasoline cracks. In addition, realized margins reflect the impact of losses from secondary products due to declining NGL and coke purchase. Marketing and Specialties adjusted second quarter pretax income was $644 million, an increase of $218 million from the previous quarter, mainly due to seasonally higher global marketing margins on continued strong demand. The Corporate and Other segments adjusted pretax costs were $12 million lower than the prior quarter. The adjusted effective tax rate was 22%, consistent with the previous quarter. The impact of noncontrolling interests was improved compared to the prior quarter and also reflects our acquisition of DCP units on June 15. Slide 13 shows the change in cash during the second quarter. We started the quarter with a $7 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2 billion, excluding working capital. There was a working capital use of $1 billion, mainly reflecting an increase in inventory, which included the impact of unplanned downtime at the Bayway Refinery and seasonal storage opportunities. Year-to-date working capital is a use of around $2 billion, primarily related to inventory that we expect to mostly reverse by year-end. We funded $551 million of capital spending. In June, we drew $1.25 billion on a single-draw term loan to partially fund the acquisition of the DCP units for $3.8 billion. This transaction and the redemption of DCP's Series B preferred units of $161 million are represented as repurchase of noncontrolling interests. Additionally, we returned $1.8 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our ending cash balance was $3 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the third quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the third quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and turnaround expenses to be between $110 million and $130 million. We anticipate third quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $280 million and $300 million, reflecting higher net interest expense from funding the purchase of DCP units during the second quarter. In 2023, we expect our full year capital spend to be above the $2 billion budget, reflecting approximately $200 million of additional spending on Rodeo Renewed. In addition, we just closed on a $260 million acquisition of West Coast marketing assets. This acquisition supports the high-return Rodeo Renewed project by optimizing the full value of our renewable fuel sales to end customers.  We continue to review our portfolio to determine if assets meet our strategic long-term objectives or if they provide more value to third parties. Earlier this year, we divested the Belle Chasse Terminal, and very recently, we sold our interest in the South Texas Gateway Terminal. Total proceeds from the two transactions are approximately $350 million.  Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question for today comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Doug your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate : I'm not sure who wants to answer this, maybe Kevin, but we've obviously talked ad nauseam about what we think could be a new mid-cycle Refining outlook. But what we haven't taken into account is the continued upgrade to your synergy targets, the faster delivery of your cost reductions, and more importantly, the continued appearance of deferred taxes in your operating cash flow. So, Kevin, I guess my somewhat convoluted question is, what do you think your sustainable mid-cycle free cash flow looks like for the company post these recent series of changes that you've introduced?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Doug. So, we had guided to $7 billion increasing to $10 billion at Investor Day of cash flow. And the reality is some of the actions that bridge us from $7 billion to $10 billion we have executed on. And so, at this point in time, on a traditional -- our view of Refining mid-cycle, we're probably somewhere in the $8 billion range, maybe a little bit higher than that. But we're not all the way to $10 billion because there are still other things we need to execute on. But we're certainly making good progress from the $7 billion to $10 billion. Your comment on deferred taxes is a relevant one. This year, we actually expect to have a slightly larger-than-normal deferred tax benefit on cash flow. So, I think I had previously guided to about $400 million to $500 million of benefit for the year. We expect that to be more like $700 million to $800 million, and that's mainly because of the impact of DCP buy-in on that. And after that, we should revert to a more traditional sort of $400 million to $500 million level.
Doug Leggate : Just to be clear, you have not changed your view of mid-cycle margins, is that right?
Kevin Mitchell: That is correct. We have not changed our view of mid-cycle, but we would acknowledge that we are in a stronger than mid-cycle margin environment currently. We have been for the last 1 year-plus, 1.5 years. And barring any major economic downturn, we actually think that will continue for a reasonable period of time, just given the overall supply, demand balances that exist globally.
Doug Leggate : Okay. Thank you. My follow-up, just a quick one. The step-up in the back piece. Is that a transitory perhaps as a consequence of the DCP process? I'm not quite sure what other things might have delayed you. But I guess my point is that if I look to the $5 billion to $7 billion buyback guidance you gave through 2024, two things come to mind, which is well, it seems to us you could maintain an elevated pace and certainly a pace well beyond 2024. So, I could just wonder if you could just touch on the cash return strategy, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think that's right. I mean, as you know, we have been -- other than during the COVID period, we've been consistently buying back shares since really 2012 when we started the program. The elevated pace in the second quarter was not so much an impact of the DCP transaction. More it was a function of we recognize that relative to our share price at the time and our outlook, which was quite positive in terms of the overall business fundamentals, it seemed like a good opportunity to up the pace from where we had been. And based on where things sit today, it looks like a good decision on our part. The $5 billion to $7 billion that we guided at Investor Day, that's a sort of minimum threshold that we expect to meet. It doesn't mean to say we can't either hit that total return $10 billion to $12 billion before the end of 2024, and it certainly does not mean that we stop once we hit that threshold either. And so, I go back to our normal -- our traditional sort of guidance of at least 40% of cash flow returned to shareholders through the dividend and buybacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. I want to stay on the topic of capital structure. The net debt to capital, as you guys indicated, kind of ticked up to 35%, but you indicated that you expect it to move lower by year-end. Talk about some of the things that are moving back into your favor in addition to the strong margin environment, working capital or other items that we need to keep in mind. And how should we think about exit rate for that metric?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil. I think we had given guidance that we expected our debt to cap to increase once we completed the buy-in of the DCP units. And so, it wasn't a surprise to us where we landed on that number. The two big drivers that will bring that back between now and the end of the year are what you pointed to, working capital. So that's about $2 billion inflow in cash that we expect to see between now and the end of the year, and then also just the ongoing ability to generate earnings, generate strong earnings, and build to equity. So, on our math, we think we end the year at right around the 30% level, so the top end of the range, but nonetheless, still within that overall target range. Obviously, this thing will move around quarter-over-quarter depending on what's going on in terms of market environment and cash items like working capital. But fundamentally, we think we're on a reasonable trajectory to be able to sustain in that target range.
Neil Mehta: Thanks. And then the follow-up is just on Rodeo Renewed. Some changes, it sounds like in the capital scope here. Just can you walk us through the drivers of those changes? And then as we think about against the capital, the type of EBITDA that you can generate from the asset, how has your view of mid-cycle from that asset evolved as you spend more time on the project? Thank you.
Mark Lashier : Yes, Neil, it's Mark. I'll cover it at a high level and then Rich can drill in a little bit. But essentially, what we've experienced there as we commenced the project execution, we had a lot of heavy rainfall. And of course, even the start of the project was deferred a little bit because of permitting challenges. And we believe -- we recognize that the earnings from this are going too far exceed the earnings we realized to date from the San Francisco refinery so we wanted to stick to the schedule. So, we incurred some more cost to compensate for the productivity loss during bad weather and delays around permitting. We also saw some inflation. When this project was sanctioned, the big run-up in inflationary pressures hadn't hit yet. And so, we realized that really is the only project in our purview where we're seeing that kind of impact or haven't accounted for the inflation at sanction, so we're having to take care of that. So, we still look at that $1.60 a gallon as incredibly competitive.  The overall competitiveness of the asset is strong. The location, we've got competitive advantage. The pull-through with our retail presence is a competitive advantage. And as you look at as we bring this facility online, we're taking off almost as much traditional diesel as we're bringing in renewable diesel to the market, so the market disruption will be minimal. So, we really are bullish around this project, and we see that the economics are still very robust in spite of the cost increases. Rich, do you want to go...
Rich Harbison: Yes, I think you covered most of that, Mark. Maybe I can add just a little bit of color to it. As we talked about, the primary drivers for the increase were material and labor costs. And when you think about the timing of this project, it was estimated and approved prior to the heavy inflationary period. So, we're realizing that inflationary pressure that's occurred over the duration of the development of the project. Half of those costs we'll experience this year. The other half will flow into next year's capital allocation. As Mark indicated, the project is still very capital efficient at $1.60 a gallon, and we're very happy with that and that is very competitive versus other announced projects. And we continue to work full steam ahead on the construction, and it remains on track for commercial operation in first quarter 2024. Now I know there's been a lot of focus around the lower LCFS credits over the recent change. But the reality of this, the economics around this project are centered around four programs as well as the retail price of diesel in the state of California and other markets that recognize renewable diesel. And those programs, too, are federal and two are at the state level. And all of these seem to be working interrelationally with each other as well as impacting the feedstock costs as well. So, when we look at the overall momentum and movement of all this interrelationship, we still see very strong economics for the project and continue to be very optimistic about the EBITDA returns on it.
Mark Lashier : And when you look at those increases across '23 and '24, it will require a modest increase in our capital target of $2 billion for this year, but we will manage that additional cost within our $2 billion target going forward in 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Roger Read : Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping to follow up on the DCP transaction, just how that's gone so far. And while I understand you've raised the, I guess we would call it, cost savings, another part of this transaction was on the revenue synergy side, building a truly integrated model. So, I was just curious what you've seen to date, what you maybe expect in the near term on that or maybe even the medium term on that in terms of how the transaction comes together as a seamless organization.
Tim Roberts: Roger, this is Tim. Thanks for the question. We started working on this as soon as we closed the initial part of the transaction last year, so we got the integration teams together. At the beginning of this back in the fall of last year, we felt we had a line of sight of $300 million that we could get full value for all the way through the first quarter of 2025. And that's when some contracts are rolling off that we're going to third parties and we could bring them into our system. But most of that we felt would be captured by 2024. Well, as we dug in, and we've got the teams involved, engaged, everybody's working together. Now the employees have done a really good job of digging deeper and finding a couple more gems in there. So now that's why we're comfortable talking about an increase going to $400 million. And I'm actually hoping at some point, I can give you more upside to that as we continue to dig because this integration is going to continue through the first quarter of 2024. The big driver right now, the teams are working together commercially, and probably worth setting a tone there is that early when we had the $300 million number, one-third was based on cost, two-third on commercial, we'll call it system optimization. But as we dug in and we've got to the $400 million number, now that is more 50-50 on cost. We found more in our procurement, more in our maintenance, more in our operations. And then -- so 50% on cost and now 50% on, again, system optimization and commercial activities. So that's kind of the breakdown. And the real driver right now for us through the first quarter of 2024 is systems integration. So, a lot of good work being done by the team, but it just takes time and you got to get it right. So, we are spending the time to do that, and we'll be done by the end of the first quarter. And then we'll be in what I consider a normal operation, steady-state mode with regard to how we run as a business.
Mark Lashier : Yes, I'd just like to comment a little bit on that, the integration impact. This really is a clear indication of how well the teams are integrating, the DCP team, the Phillips 66 teams coming together. And as Tim noted, once we had operational control of the entity after the Enbridge transaction, we were able to really hit the ground running and started executing against our targets. And getting these teams integrated, one team, one culture, taking the best of the best and driving this, this is really the biggest visible measure of how successful that's been. And we see those numbers move up and we see teams excited about the future and looking at ways to capture more value, both from a cost perspective and a commercial perspective. And so, this is going to be what they are and what they do from this point forward.
Roger Read : Yes. Thanks, for that. And then the unrelated follow-up just to come back to the $0.40 a barrel of Refining margin, cash OpEx savings, the goal to get to $0.75. Can you give us an idea of -- I mean, I know you mentioned seeing cost reductions, things like that? But like what is this process allowing you to do? Is it a best practice in one location being expanded, an overall centralized look at the cost structure? Just it's a very impressive number. It's certainly sustainable up over time. And so, I was just curious kind of where did you start? How did you get here? How confident are you in the $0.75 on the time line that you've set?
Rich Harbison: Yes, Roger, this is Rich. We're well on our way, as you indicated, to our $0.75 per barrel savings target that we announced or committed to during the Investor Day last November. And you know what's most exciting about this whole process for me has really been how the organization, the entire organization is engaged in this process. So yes, there is some oversharing site to site of activity in best practices. But most of these activities are opportunities identified by that local organization, really accepting the challenge to improve the business. And they're uncovering these opportunities to be more efficient in their work process, right? And changing -- and then fundamentally changing how that work process is occurring to drive inefficiencies out of the business, which ultimately reduce costs out of the business. So, if you think about, we talked about $0.40 a barrel already year-to-date. If you -- that's calculated by, if you take our barrels that we've run year-to-date and calculate to the $0.40, you can back into the number that we're seeing drive to the bottom line of our financial report there. And that's been quite impressive. And we've got a lot more in the queue, as Mark indicated on his comments, with the run rate. Our target is $550 million. Over $300 million of that is currently assigned to Refining. And of course, the run rate doesn't mean it's realized, right? But that just means it's identified, it's locked in. And now we've got to drive it to the bottom line, and that's what's most impressive about the organization, really pushing to get these identified opportunities pushed to the bottom line.
Mark Lashier : Yes. And if you see some commonalities between the mindset and our Refining organization and the Midstream organization, it's real. And it's this business transformation process, it's easy to talk about the cost impact and it's easy to have those cost targets. But really the most phenomenal thing going on is the mindset change and the drive that we see in the employees to get better at what they do every day. And you're seeing that move on from cost focus to just where do we create the most value, how do we create the most value together. Whether it's the way we've organized and integrated our value chain optimization organization more synergistically across the refineries, having VCO folks sitting on the refinery leadership team every day, searching for ways to optimize and coordinate with other refineries. It's real. And that's -- it's that mindset, it's that drive that's going to make these cost savings and the synergy capture sustainable for the long term. And it's just not going to end. It's just going to be the way we do business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is on the Bayway FCC. I think your last official statement was around mid-July for the restart. We saw reports after that, that it was the end of July. I'm not sure if that's been confirmed. So, if you can just update us on the status of the unit and when you expect it up and running full if it's not now.
Rich Harbison: John, this is Rich. FCC repairs were complete and the unit is up and running as of July 20. That's the actual date that it was back online producing on specification material. The refinery itself is back to normal operations, so all the units and all the assets there are running to our plan. The Bayway team did a phenomenal job getting that repair work done very efficiently. Very excited about how they performed to complete that work. And additionally, when Mark's just talking about this mindset activity, we saw other parts of our organization also really focused to help pick up our teammates that were struggling a little bit in Bayway. And we saw phenomenal performance in our refineries in Sweeney, Ponca City and Billings. They each had record performance as well as our assets on the West Coast, and it all ended up in a system-wide utilization of 93%, which is our highest crude utilization since 2019. So -- and we're looking forward to building on this momentum and continuing that into the third quarter.
John Royall: Great. And then I know it's early on but maybe sticking with Refining. You could give us possibly some expectations on some puts and takes around captures for 3Q. And then relatedly, maybe you can weave in your view on WCS dips from here. We've widened out a fair amount off of bottoms but still look very tight. So, any views there into 2H [ph] would be helpful.
Brian Mandell : It's Brian. Maybe I'll just talk about product demand, give you a sense of what we're thinking for Q3. The strength in U.S. products basically starts with low inventories. Gasoline, we're under five-year averages by 7%. Distillate, we're under averages, five-year averages by 19%. That's a lot. We have a lot of new capacity coming online in the U.S., but we've had even more outages than the new capacity. For us, we're seeing gasoline demand up about 2% over last year in the U.S. and about 4% globally. So that's strong demand. On distillate, we have the demand down a bit in the U.S., mostly on industrial manufacturing segments. But globally, we have it up. We have lots of pockets of really strong distillate demand in Latin America, up 9%, Asia up 4% and diesel cracks continue to remain strong. In fact, they've gotten a lot stronger and we believe that they'll continue to perform throughout the year as we head into higher demand planning season and into winter in the U.S. where distillate over gasoline every pad now. And then finally on the jet, the jet's also strong. Low inventories, increasing domestic and international travels. Global seat demand is essentially flat to 2019 levels. TSA throughput numbers in the U.S. are back [ph] to 2019 levels. And interestingly, U.S. jet yields remain a little bit higher so that should add some marginal strength to diesel. And then on the WCS, you're right. WCS has started to widen again, which is in our best interest here at -- we buy the most WCS of, I think, anybody there is. And we've seen the widening mostly because of heavy crude dips, in general, have started to widen. We also see fall turnarounds in pad 2 as being very strong. And then if you'll remember in September, which next month, we'll start to see Dillon blending, which will swell the volume of Canadian crude. So, all those things have been putting pressure on and widening the dips to our advantage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Hi, thanks. We don't often talk that much about Marketing, but your Marketing business, as it continues to generally kind of exceed expectations on a regular basis, so I think first half contributions are fairly in line with last year's first half contributions, which was generally higher-than-expected year-end Marketing. Is that business maybe structurally -- just structurally stronger than we have appreciated and maybe you've guided to? Or what do you attribute kind of continued strength in the Marketing side?
Brian Mandell : Ryan, this is Brian. Exceeding expectations is a good thing. We're happy about that. We did have a strong quarter in Q2. We've added a bunch of retail JVs since 2019. We're roughly at 750 retail stores, which have really performed well since we've added them and certainly in 2Q. We had higher margins, as Kevin mentioned, in both the domestic markets and in our Western European business. We had U.S. volumes up a bit. And finally, in our lubricants business, the base oil business has been performing really well as the feedstock prices have been falling more than the base oil prices. So, I'd tell you for Q3, when you're thinking about Q3, our earnings should be in line with our mid-cycle expectations, assuming the kind of normal seasonal demand.
Mark Lashier : Yes. I would just comment over again and compliment Brian and his Marketing team on the execution of the strategy that they've held for several years is to go in and participate through these joint venture opportunities in markets that make sense for us, that we have a competitive advantage that there's strength to capitalize on. And we don't go and do this everywhere. It's very surgical. It's very intentional, and it is exceeding expectations so it's a well-executed strategy.
Ryan Todd : Great. Thanks. And maybe just a quick follow-up on Rodeo and some of your comments from earlier. Are there -- as we think about kind of the pathway from here until start-up in first quarter '24, are there any outstanding permits required, legal challenges that we should be looking at? Or any -- how do you view the kind of potential risks that exist or things you're keeping an eye on between now and commercial start-up there?
Rich Harbison : Yes, Ryan. Permitting to complete any project in California is very challenging, projects even to convert a conventional crude oil facility refinery to a lower carbon intensity transportation fuel production facility. So, we did recently receive news on an appeal to our environmental impact report that is the supporting document for permits. This was filed by a couple of NGOs in the state. And the good news is the court ruling found several issues in the favor of Phillips 66. And notably, most notably is the construction of the Rodeo Renewed project can continue with the county work to resolve three issues. So, we're working closely with the county and the courts to provide the necessary information to reconsider the open issues. And we remain very confident that the Rodeo Renewed project is on track to start commercial operation in first quarter of 2024.
Ryan Todd : Okay, thank you.
Rich Harbison : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Your line is open please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on Ryan's question just now on Marketing and the outlook for 3Q. There were reports of droughts in the Rhine River. And I think typically when that happens, you're positioned to supply that region well and take advantage of margin moves there. Have you seen any strength in 3Q, or early 3Q as a result of those outages?  And would you expect, as a result, continued outperformance in Marketing in 3Q? And then conversely, what you're seeing on chems, we've seen chain margins fall into July. Just any views on the outlook there into 3Q and then beyond that when you expect Chemical margins to move back to mid-cycle?
Brian Mandell : Hey Jason, it's Brian. So, far in Western Europe on the Rhine, we haven't seen water levels low enough to benefit us. It is true if water levels do get low, we benefit from that. But the water levels haven't gotten there yet. Can't really predict where they're going to go in Q3, but if they get lower, then we'll have some benefit.
Tim Roberts : Yes. And with regard -- this is Tim Roberts on this. With regard to Chemicals, talk about currently where we're at with chain margins. Yes, it's been an interesting run here. Obviously, you've got supply, plenty of supply available, and demand, they're not matching up. So, therefore, you've seen chain margins have been dropping over the last several quarters. Where you're at right now, I think IHS added about $0.12 in chain margins. And really the way we would look at this and look at it going forward is, is that the high-cost producers, both in Asia and those that are in Europe are going to set the price. And those that are in advantaged feedstock locations will keep running and probably run hard, which is what we're seeing right now in North America and the Middle East. While those are having to shut in capacity or having to manage production or any other reasons I mentioned earlier. Now fundamentally, though, you've got to get demand and supply to match up and you got to start working off inventory. Ethylene inventories here in North America are above the five-year average. So, that's got a direction that needs to start working its way down. And you're seeing the same thing in polyethylene, so, two of the main products that we see with regard to our CPChem JV. However, we're running really strong here. Exports are strong as well with regard to North America because we're advantaged on feedstock. So, our outlook is that yes, you got to hit the bottom before you can start working your way back up. I can't say this is the inflection point, but cash costs typically will drive where you get to the bottom and then how soon you can accelerate. And usually, as we would say and it goes in a lot of different directions is low cost, low prices solve prices. So, fundamentally, we do think that the outlook is still going to be constructive and constructive in that you still got population growth. You still have economies that have not been churning at their all cylinders, China being one of them. And that's not a position of saying they never will, not at all. We think there is still going to be good solid economic growth. You're just not seeing it consistent global. So, we do anticipate that, that will happen and that will help soak up some of the capacity that's out there, bring the markets back into balance and you get back into more of a mid-cycle case.
Jason Gabelman: Great. That's really helpful. And my follow-up is just on acquisitions and divestments. You mentioned it at the top of the call that you continue to evaluate the portfolio. As you look across the various segments you operate in, any thoughts on where maybe you have noncore positions or you have some portfolio gaps? And how are you viewing the broader M&A market? Thanks.
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think that again, as Kevin mentioned earlier, we looked across our portfolio, and there's different dimensions across our portfolio where others may have some interest in our assets and may place a greater value because it's not strategic to us and we'll continue to evaluate that. I wouldn't comment on any specific opportunities. And likewise, as we did with Marketing in California to -- we made some relatively small acquisitions to enhance the opportunities around Rodeo once it's up and running, and we've done a series of those and they're all doing quite well. And so, we'll look at smaller opportunistic things. But you think about where we've come from, we've done some pretty significant transactions in Midstream. It's time to digest those and to drive value through those. And if we can find some very accretive small, midsized kinds of things, we'd look at them, but there's nothing in the queue and nothing that we'd want to comment on. We've got a great backbone there and history has shown that the strong backbone in that industry can attract smaller investments that are quite attractive. So, think in terms of small, very accretive, high-return opportunities like we've done in Marketing would be on our scale. But we're going to stick with our disciplined approach going forward. We've got a commitment of around $2 billion for 2024, and anything around that would be very disciplined and high return.
Jason Gabelman: Great thanks for the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Manav Gupta of UBS. Your line is open please go ahead.
Manav Gupta : I want to start on the East Coast. That was like a 52% margin capture. That's a significant drop from the last quarter. Was it primarily the outage at Bayway? Can you talk about some of the factors that led to such a significant drop on the East Coast and margin capture?
Rich Harbison : Yes. No, this is Rich. Over in that, what we refer to it as the Atlantic Basin, we did have higher volumes and lower costs due to less turnaround activity at Bayway quarter-over-quarter when you look at those. But a lot of those were offset by lower margins. The realized margin was lower primarily due to a weaker market crack. Configuration impacts also played into this with the gasoline cracks increasing by $10 a barrel and then the distillate crack decreasing by $18 a barrel. That played into the market capture quite a bit. And there was lower product differentials there. And then the other one that goes a little bit unnoticed in this market is really the secondary product cost and margins on those secondary products. And both the NGLs for both Bayway and Humber were lower. And then the petroleum coke that sold out of Humber also experienced lower product differentials. So, those are the primary reasons you saw lower market capture there in Atlantic Basin.
Manav Gupta : Okay. Can you also talk a little bit about the TMX expansion? There's a lot of capacity coming on and moving the crude to the West Coast starting next year. What would -- how would that change the WCS, WTI differential outlook in your opinion?
Brian Mandell : Hey Manav, this is Brian. Well, first, I think our view is that TMX will probably come on later in the year, although line fill is forecasted for early Q1. I think the line will not be filled completely. That's our view. I think those are on the lines, I feel like some of those barrels will be exported to Asia. We'll see if that happens. It's hard to get VLCCs there. In fact, you can't load VLCCs. You have to load them ship to ship outside of L.A. So, it's -- we'll see what happens going forward. But certainly, it could be a benefit to the West Coast having more of that crude.
Manav Gupta : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open please go ahead.
Matthew Blair : Hey, good morning thanks for taking my question. On the Midstream side, did Phillips unwind any of the DCP, NGL, and Nat gas hedges? And if so, could you quantify the impact that flowed through the Midstream EBITDA in Q2?
Kevin Mitchell : Yes, Matt, this is Kevin. We did. We did unwind them or have we let them roll off but we have less of that. We don't have that same hedging on our exposure to the Nat gas NGL commodity price that we have -- that DCP has historically had in our overall portfolio. And when you also factor in our position in Refining as a consumer of those project products, it felt more appropriate just to let the natural offsets flow through. And so, we have done that. I don't think we've given a number. I know we haven't given any specific number out there. What we have done is updated the sensitivities for Midstream to reflect the fact that those hedges are no longer in place. And so, you see a slightly higher Midstream sensitivity to the commodity price than before. 
Matthew Blair : Okay, sounds good. And then I don't know if I missed it, but did you give out a number for refined product exports in Q2? I think a year ago, it was 153,000 barrels per day. How did it trend this year? And are you seeing a mix shift with more barrels headed to Europe and fewer to Latin America?
Brian Mandell : This is Brian. We exported over 200,000 barrels this quarter, which was up. In large part, our Sweeny refinery was making some higher sulfur diesel that we exported to Latin America. Like others have said, we have been exporting more distillate to Europe as trade flows from Russia change and Russia is importing more barrels, particularly into Brazil, 120,000 barrels to 140,000 barrels, and where U.S. exporting more barrels to Europe. 
Matthew Blair : Brain. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Your line is open please go ahead.
Paul Cheng : Thank you, good morning guys. I think this is for Mark. Mark, if we look at California, you still have the Carson and Wilmington, combined refinery. Today, probably 60% of the diesel in California being consumed by renewable and biodiesel. And that in several years' time, you may end up that to be 100%. So, what's the role of that facility going to look like, and how your configuration may need to change?
Mark Lashier: Yes. It'll help cover that at a high level. Paul, I think Brian has some views on what's going on there as well. I think at one end of the spectrum, we're well connected to LAX from that facility. And jet is a big opportunity there, and we would certainly look at doing what we could to provide more jet. I think that one mitigant of that is as we take the San Francisco refinery offline, that diesel production will go away and leave the market. And it's almost a gallon-for-gallon replacement with renewable diesel so that is an opportunity there as well. And so, we -- I think that there are exports from California today and Brian can comment further on that, but that's an opportunity to balance things out.
Brian Mandell : And Paul, I would add, the best amount of distillate producer at LA is actually exported by pipeline to neighboring states. So, we don't make a lot of California distillate at that refinery. So, it's, for us, at least a nonissue.
Paul Cheng : Okay. So, you think that. And do you think that on a longer-term basis, that should be part of your portfolio? Or given the political environment and everything, that, that may -- I mean, is there any plan to do something if there are what you have done to Rodeo?
Mark Lashier: Well, yeah Paul, we're looking at everything we can do to keep the LA refinery competitive in that environment. It is, frankly, a difficult environment. And it's been very publicly, politically challenging there, whether it's EV mandates. But we believe that it's going to be challenging for California to implement their aspirations around EVs so I think that may be overplayed. But we're watching the market's environment very carefully and doing everything that's in our control to keep the LA refinery competitive and supplying products in that market.
Paul Cheng : Okay. And the final one, I think this maybe is for either Rich or Kevin. When we look at your margin capture or that your margin realization in Central Corridor, you're actually doing better than we thought. Is there any one-off benefit that we see or it's just normal market condition and that recovery from the downtime in the first quarter? Thank you.
Rich Harbison : Paul, this is Rich. I'll start it off here with an answer. The Central Corridor, the primary reason that you're seeing is a really strong performance from our facilities there. It's specifically Ponca City and the Billings refinery. Both of those facilities have been running very, very well over the last several quarters and continue to operate, exceeding expectations on utilization as well as clean product yield, which is improving the market capture there.
Kevin Mitchell : And just to clarify, it's not a function of one-off items that are benefiting. It is all operational, as Rich described.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley. your question is live please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch : Great thanks on Beyond. So, I wanted to go back to a couple of topics we've already hit on. But first on Chemicals. So, with the two CPChem projects starting up in the back half of the year, could you just give us a sense of earnings contribution and uplift, probably 2024 on a normalized margin environment from those two projects, just how we should think about that?
Tim Roberts : Yes. On that, Joe, probably to clarify, those projects are expected to start up in 2026. And so, on the hexene units, okay. So, with regard to the hexene unit, yes, that 1 was completed. We're looking at that, my apologies here. I was thinking of the bigger projects. 1-hexene has been completed down at Sweeny. They'll be in start-up mode through the third quarter. And you should probably start to see some level of earnings start to show up in the fourth quarter. The splitter project, which is up at Cedar Bayou, that project also is in the final completion at this point or they're going to be ready to get everything completed by the end of sometime in the mid-fourth quarter, excuse me. So, you're really probably not going to see anything meaningful as they go through shaking out the units, getting them started up. And probably for both of them, you may be probably landing more toward a grueling first quarter before something really starts to show up there.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And CPChem executed the hexene project and brought it in under budget as well so I think that's notable in this environment.
Joe Laetsch : Great. Thank. And then just going back to Rodeo. I know you all have talked about the potential to produce renewable jet fuel out of that facility as well. Can you just talk about any progress you've made there? Any thoughts on the timing when a decision could be made to produce SAF?
Rich Harbison : Yes, this is Rich. The project, as it's designed, will be able to produce SAF. What's really missing from the whole equation is the market indicator to do that. And as soon as that's in place, we will quickly shift to a renewable jet sustainable aviation fuel production. The facility will have the capability of producing 20,000 barrels a day of sustainable aviation fuel on the backbone of 10,000 barrels a day of renewable jet that's blended with traditional crude oil-based jet production.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And that's not saying negative about SAF. We believe that SAF will be an important part of our path toward renewable fuels. But today at Rodeo, the economics favor renewable diesel so would maximize renewable diesel produce some. There are some that you just will produce just because of the yields. But any additional investment to produce more SAF would require something that would incent us to divert away from renewable diesel into SAF.
Rich Harbison : And there is the capability to invest and increase that production level.
Mark Lashier: Yes.
Joe Laetsch : Great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing remarks.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Alex, and thanks to all of you for your questions. We delivered strong second-quarter financial and operating results as we executed on our strategic priorities by focusing on the things we control, most importantly, the commitments we made to our owners in November. We continued a healthy pace of returning cash to shareholders. And in Refinery -- Refining, we had another quarter of strong operating performance with above-industry average crude utilization and lower operating costs. We're executing our Midstream NGL wellhead-to-market strategy and completed the buy-in of DCP's units and raised our synergy targets to over $400 million, wrapping up a series of foundational transactions to drive value creation in our NGL business. We're realizing our business transformation initiatives and are on track to achieve at least $1 billion of annual run rate savings by year-end while driving a transformative mindset across the enterprise. As we deliver on our strategic priorities, we remain committed to financial strength, disciplined capital allocation, and returning cash to shareholders. The outstanding operational performance will position us to capture the current strong market environment in the third quarter. And we look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you all for your interest in Phillips 66.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, everyone to the First Quarter 2023 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sierra, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President of Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President, CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; and Rich Harbison, Refining. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. During the first quarter, we delivered strong financial and operating results. We had adjusted earnings of $2 billion or $4.21 per share, a record first quarter. In Refining, we successfully executed major planned maintenance and ran above industry average rates. Currently, our refineries are running at high utilization to meet demand and capture market opportunities as we enter summer driving season. We returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In February, we raised our dividend 8% to $1.05 per share, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Our integrated diversified portfolio provides us with the ability to generate strong cash flow, return substantial cash to shareholders and invest in the most attractive projects. We remain committed to operating excellence and disciplined capital allocation as we execute our strategy. Recently, our Midstream, Refining and Chemicals business were recognized for their exemplary safety performance in 2022. For the third consecutive year, Midstream was awarded the American Petroleum Institute's Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for Large Operators. This is the highest recognition by API for the midstream industry. The American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers recognized five of our refineries for outstanding safety performance. Sweeny Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award for the second year in a row. Bayway, Borger, Santa Maria and Ponca City refineries also earned safety awards. In Chemicals, four CPChem facilities were recognized with AFPM Safety Awards. We're honored to receive these awards and would like to recognize our employees' commitment to operating excellence. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. We started the year off well and continue to advance strategic priorities from our Investor Day late last year. Slide 4 summarizes progress toward our targets to create value and increase shareholder distributions. Since July of 2022, we've returned $3.7 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're on track to meet our target to return $10 billion to $12 billion over the 10-quarter period between July 2022 through year-end 2024. We had strong refining operational performance in the first quarter and market capture increased to 93%. In Midstream, we're advancing our NGL wellhead to market strategy. We recently achieved an integration milestone with the transition of DCP Midstream employees to Phillips 66, enabling continued synergy capture. In anticipation of the DCP buy-in, we issued bonds and executed a delayed draw term loan. We expect to close on the transaction by the end of the second quarter. We're advancing our business transformation initiatives, and we're on track to deliver $1 billion of annual run rate savings by year-end. Next quarter, we'll provide a more detailed update on the cost savings achieved through the first half of the year. In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewables fuels facilities. The conversion will substantially reduce emissions from the facility and produce lower carbon intensity transportation fuels. In February, we safely shut down the Santa Maria facility, as we continued to advance the project. We expect to begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. In Chemicals, CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base and optimizing its existing operations. This includes construction of a second world-scale 1-hexene unit in Old Ocean, Texas and the expansion of propylene splitting capacity at its Cedar Bayou facility. Both projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem and Qatar Energy are jointly building world-scale petrochemical facilities on the US Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar, with start-up at each facility expected in 2026. We look forward to continuing to update you on our strategic priorities. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide 5, we summarized our financial results for the first quarter. Adjusted earnings were $2 billion or $4.21 per share. The $12 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.02. We generated operating cash flow of $1.2 billion, including a working capital use of $1.3 billion and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $369 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $378 million, including $228 million for growth projects. We returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through $486 million of dividends and $800 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 459 million shares outstanding. Moving to Slide 6. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings increased $66 million, mostly due to higher results in Chemicals and lower corporate costs, partially offset by a decrease in Marketing and Specialties. Slide 7 shows our Midstream results. First quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $678 million compared with $674 million in the previous quarter. Transportation contributed adjusted pre-tax income of $270 million, up $33 million from the prior quarter. The increase was primarily driven by seasonally lower operating costs. NGL and Other adjusted pre-tax income was $420 million compared to $448 million in the fourth quarter. The decrease was mainly due to the impact of declining commodity prices in the gathering and processing business. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub continued to run above nameplate capacity, averaging 554,000 barrels per day. The Freeport LPG Export facility loaded a record 282,000 barrels per day in the first quarter. Turning to Chemicals on slide eight. Chemicals had first quarter adjusted pre-tax income of $198 million compared with $52 million in the previous quarter. The increase was mainly due to improved margins from lower feedstock costs, higher sales volumes and decreased utility costs. The industry polyethylene margin increased by $0.10 to $0.17 per pound during the quarter. Global O&P utilization was 94% for the quarter. Turning to Refining on slide nine. Refining first quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $1.6 billion, down $18 million from the fourth quarter. The impact of lower volumes from turnaround activities was mostly offset by higher realized margins and lower utility costs. Our realized margins increased by 5% to $20.72 per barrel, while the composite 3:2:1 market crack decreased by 5%. In the first quarter, turnaround costs were $234 million, crude utilization was 90% and clean product yield was 83%. Slide 10 covers market capture. The market crack for the first quarter was $22.39 per barrel compared to $23.58 per barrel in the fourth quarter. Realized margin was $20.72 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 93%, up from 84% in the previous quarter. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. We have a higher distillate yield and a lower gasoline yield than the 3:2:1 market indicator. During the first quarter, the distillate crack decreased $19 per barrel and the gasoline crack increased $7 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $2.56 per barrel were $1.03 per barrel lower than the previous quarter due to falling crude prices. Our feedstock advantage of $2.34 per barrel was $2.37 per barrel improved compared to the fourth quarter, primarily due to running more advantaged crudes. The Other category improved realized margins by $2.19 per barrel. This category includes freight costs, clean product realizations and inventory impacts. First quarter was $1.73 per barrel higher than the previous quarter, primarily due to improved clean product realizations. Moving to slide 11. Marketing and Specialties had a solid quarter, reflecting stronger-than-typical first quarter margins. Adjusted first quarter pre-tax income was $426 million compared with $539 million in the prior quarter, mainly due to lower international marketing margins. On slide 12, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pre-tax costs of $248 million; $32 million lower than the prior quarter. The improvement was mainly due to higher interest income and recognition of a transfer tax on a foreign entity reorganization in the fourth quarter of 2022. Slide 13 shows the change in cash during the first quarter. We started the quarter with a $6.1 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2.5 billion, excluding working capital. There was a working capital use of $1.3 billion, mainly reflecting an increase in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in our net accounts receivable position. During the quarter, we issued $1.25 billion of senior unsecured notes in support of the pending buy-in of DCP Midstream's publicly held common units. We funded $378 million of capital spending and returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our ending cash balance was $7 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items for the second quarter. In Chemicals, we expect the second quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the second quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and turnaround expenses to be between $100 million and $120 million. We anticipate second quarter Corporate and Other costs coming between $260 million and $290 million, reflecting higher interest costs. In March, we issued senior unsecured notes of $1.25 billion and entered into a delayed draw term loan of up to $1.5 billion in support of the DCP Midstream buy-in transaction, which is expected to close during the second quarter. Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team. The first question is around refining utilization. It was better than expected in the quarter, and the guide for Q2 also looks a little bit better. So you talked about what improvements that you're making on the ground and it's been a choppy 18 months in Refining from a utilization standpoint. So what conviction can you provide the market that we've turned the corner here? Thank you.
Rich Harbison: Yes. Thanks, Neil. This is Rich. Good question, and it's a number of things coming together here for us. Back in November, we outlined a number of opportunities to improve refining's performance. One of them was asset availability. Optimizing our turnaround durations, we've done a really good job executing those in a pretty heavy turnaround quarter for us, and that's a big component of allowing us to operate at that 90% crude unit utilization. It's really executing those turnarounds in a very high-performing status. On the Gulf Coast, our assets performed very well. They increased their crude flexibility that also allowed us to open up the utilization window and also allowed us to capture additional market as well, which you saw as well, the refining market capture rate of 93% was very good for the quarter as well. The key assets there are running the assets, focusing on what we can control in our business, Neil, and that is executing our turnarounds well. And we were able to do that coming in below guidance this year -- or this first quarter, continuing a trend that started last year with us coming in below guidance.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, this is Mark. I'll just come over with a little bit relating that back to the Investor Day commitments, that we made those commitments based on the groundwork that had been underway for some time, the fairly small projects that we were going through, the blocking and tackling that we were taking on, and we're really starting to see those come to fruition now. And we're pleased with what we're seeing out there. And really, I think the biggest impact of business transformation has been the hearts and minds of our employees. They are all in. Wasn't that way a year ago when first started the initiative, but now they see the things that they're doing, the hard work that they're doing are starting to impact their results and turnarounds, starting to impact the operational effectiveness of the plants as well as they're seeing it in the cost. And that's just been a very virtuous cycle for our employees. There's a stronger competitive edge out there and they really want to own their future now.
Jeff Dietert: Rich, you want to talk about some of the projects that were completed last year?
Rich Harbison: Yes, I think that plays into the Refining capture rate of 93% for the quarter for us. Last year, we actually implemented 12 projects focused on market capture. The result of the impact of those projects is a 1.2% improvement in market capture with mid-cycle pricing assumptions. We implemented $225 million worth of projects, and the net return on those or the EBITDA generation for that investment was $158 million at mid-cycle pricing. 2023, we actually have additional 18 projects identified that are in flight, and the estimate is a 1.4% improvement in market capture. So, I think what you're seeing here is the plan we laid out in November is starting to really come to the bottom line of the performance of the Refining.
Neil Mehta: Thanks. That's a lot of good color there. The second question is around the decline we've seen in crude prices. And that should manifest itself in different parts across the business, so I would love any perspective on how we can think about it from a modeling perspective. Specifically around Marketing, which tends to be a tailwind, capture rates, declining crude prices tends to help secondary products but also can be a headwind for working capital. So, if the crude price decline sustains, how should we think about that in terms of Q2 movements? Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Well, let me start, Neil. This is Brian. Talking about marketing and probably noticed we had very strong marketing earnings in Q1. Pretty happy about that. You know that we have a geographic diverse portfolio with assets both here in the US and Western Europe, which is great. But we also market through a number of channels, wholesale, branded, and retail. And what we've been doing is trying to focus our sales on the higher margin parts of our business, particularly in retail. And we purchased retail in the past few years. In fact, in mid-2019, we had 50 retail JV stores in the US. Now, we have 1,000 retail JV stores in the US, and we also spent some time reimaging all of our stores to get higher margins in business. And I would also say that in the lubes business, that it's also performing quite strongly in both base oils and finished products. So, as you mentioned, as spot prices come off, that generally benefits the marketing business because marketing margins, generally, or marketing prices generally fall slower.
Rich Harbison: Yes. On the Refining side, as you framed up the question, Neil, it's the flat price drop in accrued does reduce usually the secondary product losses. So they tend to tighten up a little bit there, so that has a positive impact for us in refining. But really, in refining, it's -- for us, it's the differential that we make our money off of on the light heavy sweet differential, and that's what we keep a close eye on. Kevin, any additional color to add to that?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Neil, just on the working capital impact. As you've highlighted, with the declining prices, we will have a working capital hurt because we're in a net payables position. So you think about a system that's essentially 2 million barrels per day and a longer duration on the payables outstanding than on the receivables. So the approximate rule of thumb is somewhere in the order of $40 million to $50 million of working capital hurt per $1 of price reduction. And that assumes that the crude and the products move together, and the crack stays at the same level. But as you know, also, there's a lot of other moving parts in working capital, what's happening to inventories and so on. But as a rule of thumb, simple rule of thumb, you can use that $40 million to $50 million per $1 movement in price.
Neil Mehta: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, everyone. 
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open. You may proceed.
Doug Leggate: Thanks everyone for getting me on. Guys, I want to ask a follow-up to Neil's question on the capture rate. So should -- I mean, obviously, reliability was a bit of a question mark over the past year? So should we now think about this level of capture rate, should we anticipate that, that's kind of a new normal? And if I could risk it, just a bolt-on to that, the same kind of seems to be true of the cost-cutting progress. It looks like you're a little bit ahead of schedule there. So as we wrap it all together, the earnings power of the business overall, it looks like you're kind of past the hump and trending higher. So I just wonder, if you could kind of characterize whether we're thinking about that the right way.
Mark Lashier: Great question, Doug. I'll let Rich address the capture rate, and I'll come back in on the cost-cutting progress.
Rich Harbison: Yeah. So capture rate has a lot of moving parts to it so it's very difficult to predict that, the configuration component of it, secondary products, feedstock costs, others. But back to focusing on what we can control in our business, Doug, is we're seeing continued maturity in our reliability programs, and these saves are coming on a regular basis where we're catching issues early and preventing larger events from occurring. And also under asset availability, as I mentioned earlier, the turnaround execution is going very well for us. We've significantly improved our predictability on this. That takes a lot of leg work over time to improve those processes. And most importantly, even though we're hitting our turnaround execution goals, we are continuing to complete all the necessary work to operate the equipment safely and reliably over time. So that program is continuing to mature. We'll continue to see that. And that will allow our utilization rates to be available to operate in the market if the market is there. And then as you mentioned, the cost side of it is a big component of this as well. We have a clear path that we've identified reducing our costs by $500 million by the end of this year on a run rate basis. Over half of the $400 million run rate cost savings that Kevin mentioned in his comments are coming out of Refining. And that's good news for us. And probably more importantly, as Mark has indicated, our entire organization is uncovering opportunities to lower cost. We're being much more efficient in how we work and accepting the challenge to improve the business, which all should directionally support improved market capture and utilization.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, Rich. Doug, we've really come a long way on the business transformation efforts. It was a heavy lift, a major focus really for the last 18 months or so, and we're seeing great progress. We beat our goal of $500 million by year-end of 2022, and we're accelerating right into 2023, hitting more than $600 million in the first quarter. And as I mentioned in our comments, we'll take you on a tour of those realized savings at the second quarter call. And we're excited the organization is excited. We've made major changes in the structure of the organization that eliminates a lot of inefficiencies. We've got feedback loops that we put in place to make sure that these savings are real and that they're sustainable. And we're seeing it and people have bought in. We're using some really state-of-the-art tools to make sure that we're capturing what we think we're capturing and delivering those results to the bottom line. So it's just an incredible change in the organization that we've witnessed over the last six or eight months as things start to be realized.
Doug Leggate: A lot of progress in a short period of time, Mark. I guess my follow-up is fairly predictable, and I apologize for this demand. Your large -- one of your large competitors talked about big increases in deal demand year-over-year. And a healthy outlook for gasoline and market doesnt seem to believe that right now. I just wonder, through your marketing channels, if you could share, what youre seeing on both of those trends.
Brian Mandell: Yes. Doug, this is Brian. Maybe Ill talk about kind of what were seeing in the market. And that, it's kind of what were seeing in our business as well. Although, our volumes are somewhat off, because of California flooding and because of the sub-maintenance. But generally, for US gasoline, were seeing demand better than last year and were seeing global demand about 3% better than last year. And were now heading to gasoline driving season, as was mentioned, with kind of the lowest US gasoline inventories in almost 10 years. Were also seeing a very strong octane spreads of about a-third larger than they were first quarter of last year, $0.27. We would expect demand to hold better than last year, particularly given that the -- we have lower retail prices versus last year as well. On the diesel side, the year did start off weaker early in the year with warmer winter but has become to firm with Mid-Continent planning season. Currently were seeing US diesel demand about 2.5% under last year. But that said, global distillate demand is a bit strong than last year and some countries are seeing particularly strong diesel demand. In Latin America, were seeing demand at 10% over last year and China, 4% over last year. And finally, Id say that, in the US, it's been bouncing back and forth between max diesel and max gasoline pad 5s EBIT and max gasoline since mid-February pretty much. Pad 1 signaled max gasoline in mid-April. And so this bodes well for helping the firm up distillate throughout the summer.
Doug Leggate: Interesting color. Will watch with interest, guys. Thanks so much for your answers.
Brian Mandell: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler. Please, go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe you basically said that you were not going to talk about this until next quarter, but was wondering on the cost reduction side. I mean, you've made great progress there. I mean, can you talk a little bit about where you've been ahead of schedule where you've had some success there and whether I mean you've already hit the $200 million kind of sustaining capital reduction target. Is there further upside to that versus your prior target? And as you continue to trend ahead of schedule, does -- have your expectations changed at all in terms of the ultimate amount of cost savings that you might find available?
Mark Lashier: I'll touch a couple of those things, Ryan, at a high level, and then Kevin can drill into how the savings are distributed. But really Refining has performed very well. With respect to business transformation, we're seeing that. On the sustaining capital, I just want to make it clear that, that's really not an outright reduction in sustaining capital opportunities. It's becoming more efficient and more productive in how we're spending that, and we're going to continue to do that. You'll see really that impact in any of our capital projects that we look at going forward and we're not really capturing that. So, it's going to be a continuous process to look at how to get more and more efficient around sustaining capital. And we're not going to end this adventure when we get to the end of the defined program at the end of next year. We have outlined goals. We expect to continue to generate more savings on into 2024 and beyond. There are some things that we aren't even talking about today that require modest capital that will further enhance cost savings. So, we're instilling this as part of our culture, Ryan, and this is just going to be an ongoing march of continuous improvement, greater competitive edge. We've got 14,000 employees that want to win out there every day and they're highly motivated. Now, Kevin can give you a little insight to where you're going to see these numbers.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So as we said, over $600 million run rate at the end of the quarter when you adjust for the fact that some of that's capital from an EBITDA standpoint, it's a north of $400 million run rate. And as we look at the detail in the quarter, we are seeing the proportionate share of that show up. It's not necessarily obvious from the externally reported data just because of the other things happening like consolidation of DCP into our results and so on. But of that $400 million-plus run rate, half of that or even a little bit more is showing up in Refining, which is where you would expect it to be, given that, that's the largest spend area in the company anyway. We're doing this through a combination of organization work. We completed that last year and we're seeing that benefit flow through this quarter between the sort of centralization of some of our activities across the organization. We've done a lot of work around our processes where we've been looking for ways to standardize and simplify the way we do work and, in some cases, just eliminate work. And so we've optimized the sort of overall business support model around all of those activities. And then we continue to work on our external spend, the third-party sourcing activities and leveraging the technologies that we really put the foundation in place with Advantage 66 in terms of the digital progress we have made in those areas. So, a lot of different elements to that, and we'll give more specifics this time next quarter as we have the half year results available.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. And then maybe, I mean, you mentioned the importance of crude differentials to Refining profitability. Can you talk a little bit -- I mean, we've seen some pretty big moves on crude differentials widening and then coming in some Canadian heavy differentials narrowing. Can you talk about what you're seeing out there, what your outlook is for some of these crude differentials over the remainder of this year?
Brian Mandell: Sure, Ryan, this is Brian. I think overall, as you as you pointed out, sours gained strength since the beginning of the year. And this strength was a number of factors you have now it's starting to weaken but you have new refinery capacity in China and in Kuwait. You have new US refinery additions on the Gulf Coast at Port Arthur and Galveston Bay. We had an unexpected OPEC cut, 1.1 million barrels. I don't know how much of that cut will actually happen. But that's a large cut. Chinese economy has been very strong. And you can see that economy coming back with more people driving, more people flying and then lack of sour barrels on the market. So combination of things that firm did initially and then the market started to weaken. I will point out that even though the market has come off since Q1 When you think about the sours, it's useful to remember that while they're weak, they're still weak, but relative to historical perspective, so if you look at Latin American sours like Castillo Amaya. They're still about $4 to $6 weaker than five-year averages. So those differentials are still weaker than historical although they firmed up some since Q1.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thank you.
Brian Mandell: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Manav Gupta with UBS. You may proceed. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Guys, I just wanted to first touch base a little bit on the chemical earnings seen the strong rebound it really helps you out, I think do you have a $0.10 improvement in ethylene chain margin? So just trying to understand from the demand point on the chemical side? What are you seeing and should we expect a further recovery in chemical margins given the strong global demand?
Tim Roberts: Yes, Manav. This is Tim Roberts on the chemicals front which has got really our -- yes, we did benefit but then if it was really related to lower advantage feedstocks, ethane, propane, butane namely here in the United States, so you saw that advantage as those prices dropped. They became advanced in the crack and subsequently that showed up in the margin. The other side of that as well as lower natural gas prices, which of course is driving that whole structure. Also help with regard to utility cost. So yes, lower utility costs, the better feedstock advantage so it really helped in the quarter. You still got a supply issue and you have a demand issue and supply side fundamentally you've got more capacity that's coming on board and here in the United States. So you're going to have to work through that new capacity. The demand side is coming around. But you're still trying to work off a lot of inventory that happened as you had the supply chain disruptions out there in the marketplace. So you got to work through that inventory. And you also need to see China coming back stronger. As Brian mentioned, there are some strength there in travel, driving so some good things there needs to also show up in consumption on that side as well as production to meet global demand for products made out of polymers. So fundamentally, I think it's still going to take us a little bit of time to work through those two imbalances. We're not expecting anything to happen by the end of the year, there's going to be a significant bump. But I would throw one caveat is China is a significant impact in the market. If they're clicking on all cylinders, you can see things change rapidly. But at this point in time, we've got an inventory to work off, and we need to see some additional demand come back, especially from Asia.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And the only thing I would add, Manav, is CPChem's operations have been very strong. And I think their ability to outproduce their competitors is based on their strong operations and their solid cost position and they're delivering -- in a tough environment, they're delivering and outperforming.
Brian Mandell: Yes. And I do think, Mark, exactly on that point though is that also their product slate is geared towards consumables. Durables are a little bit -- you're seeing it slow up a little bit on the durables front, and they don't have as much exposure to that.
Manav Gupta: Perfect, guys. My quick follow-up is if you can get some updates on your -- the progress you're making on your renewable diesels project, and hopefully, it starts up by year-end or early 2024.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Manav, we're making good progress on the project out at Rodeo. You heard me mention we shut down the Santa Maria facility, which is basically a feed prep unit for the Rodeo facility. The project is moving along. And there are lots of weather challenges out there, but the team has fought through it and dealt with it, and we're looking forward to having that on in the first quarter of next year. And I'll remind you that we've had a unit there operating and producing renewable diesel, what we call Unit 250 since April 2021. And I'll tell you what, it's exceeded both our operating expectations and our commercial expectations. And frankly, we're ready for more. We've got a great strategy out there and we are implementing and executing. And I'll let Brian touch on more of those details.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Manav, just to follow up on Mark's point, the margins that we've seen at Unit 250, since we started the unit in Q1 of 2021, have been better than we premised every single quarter. And if you remember, we premised Unit 250 when running soybean oil feedstock only, but we've also run distillers corn oil, canola oil and pretreated used cooking oil, and we're actively blending feedstocks at the plant now. And in general -- just a general comment, we're seeing 3 times the volumes of low CI imports into the US now than last year. And we're also seeing more crushing capacity for vegetable oils. And then on the Marketing side of the business, we're selling almost all of our production through our branded and retail outlets directly to the end consumer. And we've also sold volumes to geographic locations that offer higher credit incentives than California for some of the feedstocks. And then finally, on the credit side, the LCFS programs are currently available in California, Oregon, Washington and Canada, as you know, but we're seeing other states proposing these programs, and in fact, Minnesota and Pennsylvania are two states that recently proposed an LCFS program. And then Mark, that's the kind of the commercial side. Mark mentioned the operating side, too. And on the operating side, we're seeing higher than premised yields of RD at greater than 95%. And we're also making 30% more renewable diesel production at the plant than we originally thought. So as Mark pointed out, we're looking forward to Rodeo Renewed and Rodeo Renewed will also have the flexibility of producing up to 10,000 barrels of renewable jet fuel with very little capital.
Manav Gupta: Those are all very encouraging updates. Thank you, guys.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Manav.
Operator: John Royall with JPMorgan. Please proceed. Your line is open.
John Royall: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So my first one is on OpEx. So can you talk about OpEx trends in Refining into the second quarter? It's an item that you don't guide to, but 1Q ticks down, presumably on lower natural gas prices and despite higher maintenance. In 2Q, you'll have an even lower price presumably and less maintenance, and of course, your efforts around costs. So any color on expectations on the Refining OpEx side in 2Q and going forward?
Kevin Mitchell: John, this is Kevin. I would just say, I mean, your points are valid. We'll see -- we'll benefit from lower maintenance turnaround costs. And the natural gas prices are settling in at a pretty low level, and so you would expect to see a drop 1Q to 2Q. We're not giving specific guidance on the number. Now the other side of that is utilization will be higher, so some of the variable costs, you'll see a small impact from. But that's a good thing. But net-net, I think you should see a small -- a modest sequential decline.
John Royall: Great. Thanks, Kevin. And then just on the share buyback in 1Q. You paced a bit ahead of your quarterly pace that you need to hit your longer-term guidance, but 2Q, does have an outflow from the acquisition. So should we be expecting a slowing in 2Q? And then further, if the environment were to continue to deteriorate from a cracks perspective, could that impact your pacing as well?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. John, I wouldn't be too concerned about buyback pace being driven by the funding the buyback because we are at a $7 billion cash balance at the end of the first quarter. We had drawn -- we had issued $1.25 billion of notes but we have the term loan facility, which has not been drawn yet. And so we will draw on that as we fund the buy-in. So even all other things unchanged, we'll still have a healthy cash balance at that point in time. We're still generating cash. And so I think that our buyback pace should still be at a very respectable level in the second quarter. The balance sheet is in a good position. The operating cash flow is still strong. We've seen some weakening in Refining margins. But relative to our mid-cycle assumptions, the business is still looking really good. So I'm not too concerned about the buyback pace being impacted by the DCP buy-in.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Matthew Blair with TPH. Please proceed. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning. I was hoping you could expand a little bit on the dynamics in the Central Corridor in Q1 and then heading into Q2 as well. I think you ran at 89% utilization in Q1? Were Wood River and Borger still impacted by some of the issues from Q4. And then it looks like your margin capture was actually pretty good in Q1, 116%. Was that a function of wider WCS dips? And then, I guess, would we expect lower margin capture in Central Corridor heading into Q2 with narrower WCS dips?
Rich Harbison: Yes, this is Rich. So Central Corridor, I think the first thing to remember, the quarter-over-quarter analysis, fourth quarter, we had some pretty heavy headwinds with the Keystone shutdown and the winter storm effects, so that kind of sets the baseline. In the first quarter, we did see improved feedstock advantage running the heavy crudes. And more importantly, we are able to actually increase our crude slate percentage of these crudes that we were able to run. That impacted our market capture there as well. Now some of that was offset by the unplanned downtime impacts that carried on -- initiated fourth quarter, carried on into the first quarter. That unplanned downtime, primarily at Wood River was -- is now repaired and that facility is back up and running. We did slide one turnaround from the first quarter to the first half of the second quarter. That turnaround is now ramping up this week here. So we do expect the utilization rates to get back to higher levels for the WRB assets. There -- also, there was other some slight turnaround impacts as well to that first quarter results and a little bit lower market cracks also that played into that result. But that's how we see the Central Corridor kind of moving forward. We expect our utilization rates to turn back upwards.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thanks. And then -- thanks for the comprehensive RD update. I just had one follow-up there. Could you talk about how the process is going for getting LCFS pathways? Some of your peers have mentioned that CARB is pretty backed up and it's taking longer than expected. As you bring on the full site in Q1 2024, would you expect to have all your LCFS pathways at that time, or is that a risk to the earnings contribution?
Rich Harbison: Well, we -- this is Rich again. We anticipated this flood of activity that would occur for -- to get these LCFS pathways approved. And we've been working diligently to get these approved even ahead of the start-up of the project. Any pathway that was approved for the Unit 250 operation is also applicable to the Rodeo Renewed project as well. So while we are concerned, I would say that there is a flood of applications to pathways. We think we're in a good position, and that should meter into our system, consistent with the start-up of the project.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please proceed. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning. Mark, just two questions. First, with the new California windfall profit penalty, that being passed, how does that change your view, or does it change your view about your California asset, both in the Refining and Marketing?
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Paul, that's been taking up a lot of intellectual capacity for, I think, the entire industry since that was rushed through. Before that, California was a tough place to manage Refining business, and I think this just makes it even a little more difficult. We're like everyone else, working hard to understand both the intended and unintended consequences of SBX1-2. And it certainly, at a fundamental level, creates more uncertainty, and it's going to make it more difficult for people to step up and invest in the supply chain that the consumers need, because even though you've got a lot of things coming over the hill to reduce demand, today, demand is strong, and you can see what happens when there's disruptions and the supply chain can be pretty tight there. So it's really tough for us to see how this new law is going to benefit the consumers at the end of the day.
Paul Cheng: Mark, do you think you or the industry is going to challenge them in court, because I'm not sure how -- the industry has not been proven to have done anything wrong, why that will be slapped with a penalty?
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that it's logical to assume that industry associations will defend and protect the interests of the industries, and even individual companies may take action. That's certainly going to be up to each company. But from an industry perspective, I think that, that's an angle that's obviously being looked at.
Paul Cheng : Okay. The second question, I think this is for Kevin. Kevin, you mentioned about in the Refining capture in your presentation, in the other corners is a very big positive. And I actually went back to the last, say, four, five quarters. I think mainly without exception, that column is always a negative, that is helping your margin instead of, say, benefiting like what we've seen in this quarter. I think you sort of talked a bit in your prepared remarks. Can you elaborate a little bit more than what that column really represent and why we have seen such an improvement and whether those is sustainable?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Paul, the big driver of the change this quarter, especially comparing to last quarter is around the product, clean product realizations or clean product differentials. And that was a particular negative item in the fourth quarter because the way we do our market crack for Atlantic Basin, we use a New York Harbor-based crack and the distillate crack or the jet crack was particularly strong in New York Harbor. It was weaker in Europe. And our capacity is approximately 50-50 between New York, Northeast and Europe. And so our Europe distillate production is causing a negative relative to that market. And so that pulled down the overall capture, and that shows up in other -- we had a little bit of a similar phenomenon going on in the West Coast as well, where we used an LA marker for the entire West Coast, which includes Northern California and the Pacific Northwest. And so when those markets are out of sync with each other, that can drive differentials in our actual product realizations, and that will show up in that other. That's the biggest single driver in there, Paul.
Jeff Dietert: And it was really negative impacts from -- in the fourth quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes.
Operator: Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please proceed. Your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. The first I wanted to ask was on kind of global Refining margin structure. There are stories out there that Asian plants are cutting runs while US cracks are still really healthy, $20 a barrel. So the question is, is that kind of a leading indicator that some of that weakness will ultimately make its way over into the US via lower margins, or is it an indication that the global margin environment could be at a floor because we're cutting around somewhere? Thanks.
Brian Mandell: Hey, Jason, this is Brian. I'd say that, as you know, refineries in the US are advantaged relative to European and Asian refineries. And as margins in Asia and Europe have begun to fall, like you said, we're beginning to see runs trim, particularly in Korea, Taiwan and Europe. Also, China is heading this month into a turnaround season, which should, along with the low US inventories and the fact that we're stepping into summer driving season, begin to help strengthen, in our opinion, global margins.
Jason Gabelman: Okay, great. And my follow-up is on DCP, and I understand the deal isn't closed yet but just maybe wanted to get some early indications on progress. And specifically, I think part of the rationale for the deal was the combined Midstream platform of Phillips and DCP would attract more acreage to fill midstream assets within that platform and support growth there. And so the question is, are there any early indications that upstream companies do view this combined platform as more favorable to partner with, to support future growth for Philips? Thanks.
Tim Roberts: Yes, Jason. This is Tim Roberts. Yes, a couple of things. First thing on the second part of the deal, which is the buy-in and the public units. We're expecting to get that done here in 2Q, probably the latter portion of the second quarter, get that completed and get that behind us and increasing our economic interest of close to 87%. So, the next part, as far as rationale of the deal, what we found is that those that were integrated, wellhead, especially in the NGL space, wellhead to the market, we're more advantaged than those that maybe only participated in a portion of the value chain, i.e., GNP or the transportation logistics, fractionation exports. And so being able to go into a major and being able to sell -- the ability to get some wellhead all the way to the market is tough to do if you don't participate all the way there. So, bringing the GNP portion of DCP together with Phillips' portion, which was the transportation all the way to the dock, we think that created that infrastructure now that can go out and compete. Now, to your question, has that shown any interest or do we have any interest percolating out there from producers who like that? The answer is yes. We've had a lot of activity and a lot of engagement, as you would expect. People want options and more alternatives. And so we're bringing a viable option and alternative as well as the ability to get barrels out of the Houston Ship Channel and get them down to a less congested area down in the Freeport area. So, yes, it's been so far, so good. We just need to make sure we convert those into bottom-line.
Jason Gabelman: Great. That's really helpful. Thanks for the color.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Lashier for closing remarks.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Sierra. I just want to recap a few key things. We had a strong start to the year. We had solid first quarter results, and we raised the dividend and increased our share repurchases, which are on pace to deliver our targeted return of $10 billion to $12 billion from July of 2022 to year-end 2024. We've made great progress in Refining with strong turnaround execution, improved market capture, and lower costs. In Midstream, just as Tim mentioned, we advanced Midstream integration and we remain confident in capturing $300 million of synergies. We expect to close on the buy-in this quarter. We're progressing our business transformation initiatives, and we're on track to achieve $1 billion of annual run rate savings by year-end. We remain committed to financial strength, disciplined capital allocation, and returning distributions to our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you for all your interest in Phillips 66.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Emily, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dieter, Vice President of Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert : Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; and Rich Harbison, Refining. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier : Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In the fourth quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.9 billion or $4 per share. We generated $4.8 billion in operating cash flow. For the year, adjusted earnings were $8.9 billion or $18.79 per share. Our diversified integrated portfolio generated strong earnings and cash flow in 2022, supported by a favorable market environment and solid operations. Our cash flow generation allowed us to strengthen our financial position by repaying debt and resuming our share repurchase program. We returned $3.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  We continue to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic priorities to deliver on our vision of providing energy and improving lives as we meet global demand. In Midstream, we continue integrating DCP Midstream to unlock significant synergies and growth opportunities across our NGL wellhead to market value chain. Additionally, we completed Frac 4 at the Sweeny Hub, adding 150,000 barrels per day. Our total Sweeny Hub fractionation capacity is 550,000 barrels per day, making it the largest fraction -- or the second largest fractionation hub in the U.S. In Chemicals, CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes construction of a second world scale unit to produce one hexene in Old Ocean, Texas, and the expansion of propylene splitting capacity at its Cedar buying facility. Both projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem and Qatar Energy announced final investment decisions to construct petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast Ras Laffan, Qatar. CPChem will have a 51% interest in the $8.5 billion integrated polymers facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast. The Golden Triangle Polymers facility will include a 4.6 billion pounds per year ethane cracker and two high-density polyethylene units with a combined capacity of 4.4 billion pounds per year. Operations are expected to begin in 2026.  In January, the Ras Laffan petrochemical project was approved. CPChem will own a 30% interest in the $6 billion integrated Polymers complex. The plant will include a 4.6 billion pounds per year ethane cracker and two high-density polyethylene units with a total capacity of 3.7 billion pounds per year. Start-up is expected in late 2026.  In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The Rodeo Renewed project is on track to begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. At our Investor Day, we announced priorities to reward Phillips 66 shareholders now and in the future. We're holding ourselves accountable, and we know that you are as well.  Slide 4 summarizes our progress. We are delivering returns to shareholders. Since July 2022, we've returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're on track to meet our target return of $10 billion to $12 billion by year-end 2024. In January, we reached an agreement to acquire all of the publicly held common units of DCP Midstream.  We expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2023, at which point, we will have an 87% economic interest in DCP Midstream. The increase in our economic interest from 28%, prior to the third quarter transaction, is expected to generate an incremental $1.3 billion of adjusted EBITDA, including commercial and operating synergies.  We're executing our business transformation. The team achieved savings in excess of $500 million on an annualized basis at the end of 2022, setting us up well for 2023. This includes cost reductions of over $300 million, mostly related to reducing headcount by over 1,100 positions during the year as we redesigned and streamlined our organization.  In addition, our 2023 capital program includes a $200 million reduction of sustaining capital. We're transforming to a sustainable lower cost business model and expect to deliver $1 billion of annualized savings by year-end 2023. We're laser-focused on executing these strategic priorities to deliver returns and increase distributions in a competitive and sustainable way. We look forward to updating you on our progress.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell : Thank you, Mark. Starting with an overview on Slide 5, we summarize our financial results for the year. Adjusted earnings were $8.9 billion or $18.79 per share. The $442 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.71. We generated $10.8 billion of operating cash flow. Cash distributions from equity affiliates were $1.7 billion, including $574 million from CPChem. We ended 2022 with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 24%. Our adjusted after-tax return on capital employed for the year was 22%.  Slide 6 shows the change in cash during the year. We started the year with $3.1 billion in cash and generated record cash flow during the year. Cash from operations was $10.8 billion. We received net loan repayments from equity affiliates of $590 million. During the year, we paid down $2.4 billion of debt. This includes $430 million of debt paid down by DCP Midstream since we began consolidating effective August '18. We funded $2.2 billion of capital spending and returned $3.3 billion to shareholders, including $1.5 billion of share repurchases. The other category includes the redemption of DCP Midstream's Series A preferred units of $500 million. Our ending cash balance increased by $3 billion to $6.1 billion.  Slide 7 summarizes our fourth quarter results. Adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion, or $4 per share. The $11 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.02. We generated operating cash flow of $4.8 billion, including a working capital benefit of $2.1 billion and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $261 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $713 million, including $310 million for growth projects. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through $456 million of dividends and $753 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 466 million shares outstanding. Moving to Slide 8. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $1.2 billion mostly due to lower results in Refining and Marketing and Specialties.  In the fourth quarter, we made certain changes to the composition and reporting of our operating segment results. Our slides reflect these changes and prior period results have been recast for comparative purposes. The 2022 and 2021 quarterly information has been recast and is included in our supplemental information.  Slide 9 shows our Midstream results. Fourth quarter adjusted pretax income was $674 million compared with $608 million in the previous quarter. Transportation contributed to adjusted pretax income of $237 million, up $8 million from the prior quarter. NGL and Other adjusted pretax income was $448 million compared to $412 million in the third quarter. The increase was primarily due to record fractionation volumes as well as a full quarter of consolidating DCP Midstream, Sand Hills Pipeline and Southern Hills pipeline. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub averaged a record 565,000 barrels per day, reflecting the start-up of Frac 4 at the end of the third quarter. The Freeport LPG export facility loaded a record 271,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter.  Our NOVONIX investment is mark-to-market each quarter. The fair value of the investment, including foreign exchange impacts, decreased $11 million in the fourth quarter compared with a decrease of $33 million in the third quarter. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 10. Chemicals at fourth quarter adjusted pretax income of $52 million compared with $135 million in the previous quarter. The decrease was mainly due to lower margins and volumes partially offset by decreased utility costs and the impact of legal accruals in the third quarter. Global olefins and polyolefins utilization was 83% for the quarter, reflecting planned turnaround activities and the impact of the winter storm in December. Turning to Refining on Slide 11. Refining fourth quarter adjusted pretax income was $1.6 billion, down from $2.9 billion in the third quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower realized margins. Our realized margins decreased by 27% to $19.73per barrel, while the composite 3 to 1 re-adjusted market crack decreased by 16%. Turnaround costs were $236 million. Crude utilization was 91% in the fourth quarter and clean product yield was 86%.  Slide 12 covers market capture. We are now using a composite 3 to 1 in adjusted market crack to be more consistent with peers and more comparable to our realized margin. The 3 to 1 rent-adjusted market crack for the fourth quarter was $23.50 per barrel compared to $28.18 per barrel in the third quarter. Realized margin was $19.73 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 84%.  Market capture in the previous quarter was 95%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. We have a higher distillate yield and lower gasoline yield than the 3 to 1 market indicator. During the fourth quarter, the distillate crack increased $8 per barrel, and the gasoline crack decreased $10 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $3.59 per barrel were $0.09 per barrel higher than the previous quarter. Our feedstock loss of $0.03 per barrel was $1.45 per barrel improved compared to the third quarter due to more favorable crude differentials. The other category improved realized margins by $0.46 per barrel. This category includes freight costs, clean product realizations and inventory impacts. Fourth quarter was $6.66 per barrel less than the previous quarter, primarily due to lower clean product realizations and inventory timing.  Moving to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 13. Adjusted fourth quarter pretax income was $539 million compared with $828 million in the prior quarter, mainly due to lower domestic and international marketing margins. On Slide 14, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pretax costs of $280 million, $34 million higher than the prior quarter. The increase was mainly due to higher net interest expense as well as a transfer tax related to a foreign entity reorganization and higher employee-related expenses. Slide 15 shows the change in cash during the fourth quarter. We had another strong quarter of cash generation. We started the quarter with a $3.7 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2.7 billion, excluding working capital. There was a working capital benefit of $2.1 billion, mainly reflecting a reduction in inventory and a decrease in our net accounts receivable position. We received a loan repayment from an equity affiliate of $426 million. During the quarter, we repaid $500 million of senior notes due April 2023 and funded $713 million of capital spending. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, the other category includes the redemption of DCP Midstream's Series A preferred units of $500 million. Our ending cash balance was $6.1 billion.  This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items for the first quarter and the full year. In Chemicals, we expect the first quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the first quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-80s and turnaround expenses to be between $240 million and $270 million. We anticipate first quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $230 million and $260 million. For 2023, Refining turnaround expenses are expected to be between $550 million and $600 million. We expect Corporate and Other costs to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.1 billion for the year. We anticipate full year D&A of about $2 billion. And finally, we expect the effective income tax rate to be between 20% and 25%.  Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Neil. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta : Yeah. Good morning, good afternoon, guys. I guess the first question I have is around refining. And if I try to isolate what the market is reacting to today, I think it's the capture rate, surprised folks relative to a lot of your large-cap peers. And so maybe you can simplify it for us and talk about what you're seeing in the system. Is there anything that you feel was more temporary versus structural? And give us confidence that that capture rate is going to continue to improve as we think about the progression through the year?
Rich Harbison : Hey, Rich here. Yeah, that's a really good question. When I look at that capture rate for the fourth quarter, the three simple things that stand out to me are really the impact of our turnaround activity. That's the first one. It was centric in the Gulf Coast and the Pacific Northwest. And the Pacific Northwest was an actual entire refinery shutdown that shouldered the third and fourth quarter of the year. So I look at those as temporaries.  There was also some product differentials that played out across our system the Atlantic, the difference between the European distillate price and the New York Harbor price is reflective in that market capture. There was a significant reduction in diesel price there in Europe as well as the turnaround effect in the Pacific Northwest and also Northern California product prices were dislocated from the Los Angeles market as well.  And the third influence in fourth quarter capture was really centric around the Keystone shutdown of the pipeline as well as the winter storm events in there. So that's -- when I look at those three effects, there's the majority of the impact associated with the capture rate in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Dietert : I might just add, the turnaround activity occurred in October and early November, which was the highest margin part of the quarter.
Neil Mehta : Thanks for that. And the follow-up to that is just as we think about Q1, how some of these dynamics potentially reverse especially given it's going to be a pretty heavy turnaround quarter, it looks like, with the utilization guides in the mid-80s? Or do we really see that improvement materialize potentially more Q2 through balance of the year?
Mark Lashier : Well, I'll start with the turnaround guidance part of that and then kick it over to Brian, you can talk about the market outlook a little bit there for the first quarter. So our first quarter turnaround, you can tell by our guidance there that Kevin provided our annual guidance is in the 550 to 600 range. And our first quarter is a majority of that spend. So we are heavy centric first quarter on our turnaround. And those are primarily related in just a couple of sites. So I don't -- I see that as really impactful to our Atlantic coastal operations there as the biggest part of that impact on the turnarounds. There is also some Gulf Coast turnaround activity as well that is less impactful. So although there is a heavy spend, it's centric really in one primary facility.
Brian Mandell : And I would add in talking about European to New York distillate prices and Pacific Northwest and Bay prices to L.A., they should both normalize. We saw New York is over Europe. That's unusual. Europe imported a lot of Russian distillate prior to the price gap next week. And New York, because of the winter storm, didn't get all the barrels that it needs. So the reason why New York is over Europe now it's a prompt issue. And if you look at Colonial Pipeline, it's running at full rates now. New York will get fed back and then Europe will be over -- or under -- or over New York rather going forward.  And the Pacific Northwest versus and Bay versus L.A. that was -- that's a temporary issue as well. Our pad refineries ran really well in November, December, we saw inventories really build across the markets. And given the oversupply, the markets needed to price to incentivize exports and the infrastructure for exports is in the Bay and Pacific Northwest. So that's where the exports came from.  And also, we need to aggregate barrels for the exports. So some of the barrels that normally went to L.A. didn't go to L.A. at that time. So that increased the L.A. price, decreased the Pacific Northwest and Bay price. But going forward with heavy Pacific Northwest turnarounds and work in the Bay, we'd expect inventories to moderate as we get back to seasonal demand spreads between the north and south will come back into normal areas.
Neil Mehta : Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. 
Jeff Dietert : Thanks Neil. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead, Doug. 
Doug Leggate : Well, thank you. Good morning everyone. I wonder if you wouldn't mind, I'm going to try -- I'd like to build on Neil's question, if I may, but ask it a little differently. Is there any way, Kevin that you can quantify the lost opportunity cost in the fourth quarter to help us kind of reconcile that capture rate question? Is that possible?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. Doug, that's -- we've historically not done that in terms of what we've put out there into the market. We've talked about the kind of areas where that has shown up and Rich walk you through that. But it is a -- in any given period, there's invariably some element of LP component. And certainly, what we saw in the fourth quarter was quite a bit higher than what I would consider. I mean, ideally, you don't want any of it, but there's usually some degree of that. It was significantly higher than that. So not something we've historically given out.  But I guess, to give you some some help, it's probably -- the number is probably in the order of $100 million to $200 million of LPO in the quarter.
Doug Leggate : Okay. I guess -- thank you for that. I know it's a top tricky one to answer. So my follow-up is really more of a kind of an outlook question. And speaks to your comments about Northeast. I realize everyone is probably pushing product up to the Northeast during the winter because of all the noise around heating oil margins. But it occurs to us that, that was probably the first normal winter without Philadelphia Energy Solutions in 2019 when fire hasn't come back since. So we think about what does the Northeast look like in a normal summer driving season without Philadelphia Energy Solutions? And I'm just curious if you have -- given any thought, given that you did push product up to the Northeast, how you're thinking about what the gasoline market could look like in the summertime in the U.S.?
Brian Mandell : Yeah, I think we -- it's always an import market for gasoline typically up to 800,000 barrels a day. We do expect that to continue being an import market. The imports may come from different locations in the future, but we would expect that we still need to import gasoline about that level.
Doug Leggate : I guess what I'm asking is, do you see the risk of an outside spike in gasoline the way we saw an outside spike in heating oil in the Northeast?
Brian Mandell : I would say any market that is short needs resupply and the resupply comes from some distance away, has that opportunity for volatility. The same thing that happens on the West Coast, West Coast that we supplied is further away four weeks away. And then in -- and just in the Pad 1, but any time resupply is in close, you have that opportunity volatility.
Jeff Dietert : I think the other thing I'd add is you look at gasoline, diesel and jet inventories, they're all below five-year ranges and it looks to us as though we've got an above-average industry refining turnaround period plan for the spring. So it looks tight from our vantage point.
Doug Leggate : That's kind of what we're thinking. Thanks so much guys. That was a tricky one to answer. Appreciate your perspective. 
Jeff Dietert : Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Roger. 
Roger Read : Good morning, everybody. I guess I'll continue with the theme of hammering on capture and expectations of capture. Just curious why this quarter did change the index that you're using? And then I know you explained the gasoline and the diesel aspect. So configuration, I guess, makes sense. What maybe went on with secondary products? And is that something that we might see carry through to '23 here?
Kevin Mitchell : So Roger, when you say index you're referring to the market crack, the adjusted market crack change?
Roger Read : Yeah, your market indicator, yeah.
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. Really, it's -- we're setting up for -- we've talked about this for a while, and we're setting up for 2023 and the cleanest way to make that change is to do it in the fourth quarter, and that enables us to restate or recast in our supplemental information, the prior 2021 and 2022 all on that same basis. And then the first results we report for 2023 will be on that same basis. And so it's just the cleanest timing to make a change like that. It's something we've considered for a little while, but we thought it was the appropriate thing to do.
Jeff Dietert : Yeah. And then the secondary products, I'll kick that off and then turn it over to Brian maybe for some outlook on it. But third quarter to fourth quarter, in refining, we see those relatively flat actually. There are some puts and takes associated with that, asphalts and fuel oils drop off in price and volume, but butane picks up and offsets a lot of that. So the overall impact of our secondary products was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.
Brian Mandell : I'd say we continue to think that high sulfur fuel oil will remain weak, just with all the Russian cargoes coming on the market, both high-sulfur fuel oil and heavy crude cargoes coming out in the market. So I think we'll continue to see that in the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Royall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead, John. 
John Royall : Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So just hoping for a little more color on the DCP synergies that you called out in your press release, I think $300 million. I think you've probably been pretty anxious to speak about those numbers. And so any buckets you can speak to and anything on timing and how that should trade in?
Mark Lashier : Yeah. I think, John, the $300 million really falls into two categories. Operating synergies that we're actively pursuing upfront now even before the close of the roll-up of the publicly held units. And then there's, I think, even more prolific commercial synergies that we can capture as we combine -- or as we roll the business into our own. Tim, you can provide a little more color there.
Tim Roberts : Yeah. At this point, Mark is correct. Look, we're looking at this. It's going to probably over a time frame, we came out with $300 million. We think it's probably about third with regard to costs. You got two third on the commercial side. We're anticipating this is going to take us around two years to fully capture this. It's like anything else, once you get into it further and deeper, we're hoping there's more there and initial indications are that they're likely are. And hopefully, I can update you another call later to validate or confirm that, but we do see the commercial side is probably driving that. It just makes sense.  When you look at the integrated value chain, you put these two entities together, we, in effect, now have gas processing in the key regions. We now have fractionation capacity at Conway, Mont Belvieu, also at Sweeny and long-haul pipelines coming in out of the DJ and coming out of the Permian. When you look at those, there are tremendous opportunities to make sure the barrel gets the right place. And in our world, the right place means where it creates the most value.  So, as we dig further on that, like I said, we're looking forward to giving you more details going forward. 
John Royall : Okay. That's helpful. And then just looking at the chemicals market, do you expect that we've seen a bottom there? And how does China reopening impact the future of that market? And then let's just say hypothetically, the market doesn't improve from here. Is there any risk of CPChem's ability to self-fund the two growth projects?
Mark Lashier : Yeah. I think, John, that you've seen at the ethane -- that the polyethylene value chain margins kind of hit bottom. Those producers that were really squeezed pulled back on production. So you can see that clearly -- we've hit a point where there's great discipline and nobody is going to operate while they're bleeding cash, and we've kind of passed through that period. Margins have modestly ticked up, and you'll continue to see as the capacity that's coming online in North America gets digested, we'll be at that bottom for some time, but then start to work our way out because demand globally continues to increase.  And China is certainly an upside and there are number of signs that China is coming back. We're not going to call at their back. I think it could come in fits and starts, but certainly, the noise coming out of China is productive directionally.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Todd : Great. Thanks. Maybe starting out with one on shareholder returns. The buyback was strong this quarter. As we think about 2023 going forward, you've provided guidance at the recent Analyst Day that would suggest something on the order of $500 million to $700 million a quarter of buyback in a mid-cycle environment.  We're clearly above the mid-cycle environment. You were at the high end of the guided pace this quarter. How should we think about the use of that excess cash? Should the backdrop remain very constructive? And how aggressive might you look to be on shareholder returns versus building more cash on the balance sheet?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah, Ryan, it's Kevin. So, you're right, we did the high end of the range in the fourth quarter, and I think it's reasonable to assume that we would continue somewhere round about that level. We're also -- we're sitting on a decent healthy cash end of the year just over $6 billion. And just to give some context to the overall balance sheet condition relative to where we were before the pandemic.  Over the pandemic, we added $4 billion and I'm ignoring the impact of BCP debt consolidation here. We added $4 billion over the pandemic. We subsequently paid off 3.5 of that but we've improved our cash position by $4.5 million since the end of 2019. So net-net, we've enhanced the balance sheet by $4 billion from where we were going into the the pandemic. And so that gives us a lot of flexibility. But we've also got the DCP roll-up to take care of, which we expect to be sometime in the second quarter.  So that's a $3.8 billion transaction. And while we won't use all cash for that, we want to make sure that we retain plenty of flexibility as we go into that and close on that rollout. But I do think what it all speaks to we continue to see these above mid-cycle conditions, we will have some good flexibility to -- I would tell you really do a bit of all of it. We'll want to pay off some incremental debt, especially as we think about the impact of the DCP roll-up, but we should also be positioned to look at the cash returns to shareholders, both in the context of the dividend, we would expect to increase the dividend. This year, we remain committed to a secure, competitive growing dividend.  And we'll look at the buyback pace. We're clearly at a very healthy level today, but there's potential flexibility on that. And so, we -- it's something that we'll prioritize and keep very focused on. But in the near term, we're probably pretty comfortable with where we are given that we've got the DCP transaction out there ahead of us.
Ryan Todd : Excellent. And then maybe shifting gears somewhere else. I wonder if you could discuss a little bit about what you're seeing and what you expect going forward in European refining. There's some big moving pieces in recent months, the natural gas spread between Europe and the U.S. has declined significantly and you've got an upcoming Russian product ban going into effect. What are you seeing in the market right now? And any thoughts on expectations in the coming months?
Brian Mandell : I think with natural gas coming off some. We're not -- I mean Rich can talk about the natural gas issues at the plant.
Rich Harbison : So, natural gas for us, certainly has some impact on our operations, primarily for the purchase of electricity, but we see that really not as a disadvantage to our peers either. So, the competitive nature of refining will continue to be there with some cost impacts associated with higher natural gas and that's the numbers we put out in the past are still in play today as well.  The challenge for that will be the continued impact of the Russian supply scenarios and then the resupply are that will set the really the minimum price for those marketplaces, and we'll see that shapes up here as the market moves forward.
Mark Lashier : I'd like to circle back. I don't think I covered one of the questions that John asked around Chems and that's the risk -- the market risk of CPChem generating enough cash to self-fund these two projects. Both of those projects, they own 30% of the Ras Laffan project, 51% of the U.S.-based project, both will be off-balance sheet project finance, mitigating their cash outflows, substantially mitigating our exposure there. So you can never predict that there is no risk, but I think it's highly mitigated because of the debt structuring they're going to undertake to support those projects.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Paul, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng : Hi, guys. Good morning. Maybe for Kevin, can you go back into the CPC with the two major cracker is going to be under construction? How is the CPC distribution to [Indiscernible] for the next several years we should assume? So we assume that it's going to be quite minimum and that they will build up their own financing and also some cash in the year given that there's a heavy spending ahead? Or that do you think that the decision is that they will just use more of that capacity and continue to payout?
Mark Lashier : If you look -- again, if you look at those projects and if you look at the assumptions on project financing, I think we had talked about earlier, maybe even at Investor Day, that our exposure to foregone dividends is really probably about 10% of the aggregate capital spend if you look at those two projects combined. And that's spread out over four years. So it's not a major impact on our ability to generate cash overall. Kevin, do you want to -- 
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. So just to expand on that a little bit. The -- when Mark talks about off-balance sheet financing, he is specifically referring to project level financing. So financing those projects at the Ras Laffan Petrochemical project level and at the Golden Triangle Polymers project level. So that's not on CPChem's balance sheet, and we're not anticipating that CPChem would have to go to its own balance sheet to fund its equity contributions into those joint ventures to fund those projects. And in fact, we'll still be able to do that and continue making distributions to the owners.  Obviously, there is a dependency on what the overall market environment looks like. But based on what we're seeing, we still expect to be receiving distributions from CPChem through this period. Clearly, there's an impact. Anything -- any discretionary spend by CPChem into a capital investment is cash that's not available for distribution out, but it's all pretty manageable within the overall expectation of where their cash flows will be.
Paul Cheng : Kevin, do you have any rough estimate whether you expect CPC to sensory pay out to earn 100% or 50% or 75% or any estimate that you have?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. Well, you would expect it to be less than 100% because they do have the capital projects underway. So there's the two big ones that we've been talking about, and then there's a slate of smaller projects, several of which will actually finish this year. So it's going to be less than 100%. We've never given specific guidance on what we expect the distributions to be. And our history has actually been pretty strong with regard to cash coming back from CPChem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please go ahead, Jason. Your line is open.
Jason Gabelman : Hey, good afternoon. I wanted to first ask on M&A in midstream. And I know when you rolled up PSXP part of the rationale was to have more flexibility across the whole portfolio, and you've, obviously, brought in DCP. So I wonder on the other side, is there any desire to reoptimize some of the midstream assets that you have in the portfolio that may not be core at this point?  And then my second question is just on the marketing business, which has continued to perform pretty well. I was wondering if there were any dynamics in your markets that continue to support margins. And is there an outlook that, that margins can maybe be above mid-cycle in that business for 2023? Thanks.
Tim Roberts : Yeah. Jason, this is Tim Roberts. I'll handle that front end hand it off to Brian. I think it's important, you're right. We did talk about simplifying our overall structure. And you have PSXP done in the process of completing DCP. We do think we'll be in a much cleaner position with regard to ownership levels and just had a cleaner side work from. We do recognize as well that this market is evolving. There is some consolidation going on in the industry, producers are consolidating. You'll see some of the midstream infrastructure guys doing that too.  So we're going to pay attention to that. And what's happening out there, if there is opportunities, but I think it's probably going to be real clear as we've got a task at hand. Our task at hand right now is to get DCP integrated and integrated well. We want to be successful at it. It's going to take us, we believe somewhere towards the end of the year. It may leak into 2024, but our expectation is get it done by the end of this year and deliver synergies. You drove most along those and that's pretty impactful with regard to value of the company.  So we ant to do that, but do rest assured, not that we're out on any spending spree, we always have an eye open, what's going on out there and what can create value for our shareholders. And if there's something that's truly compelling, we'll talk about it and see if it makes sense. But right now, it's being integrated successfully.
Brian Mandell : On the marketing business, I'd say that we will continue to perform well, perhaps not as well as 2022. That was a record year. But with increased volatility in the market, that generally drives better business. We also had a joint venture retail record year last year, and we continue to grow our retail joint venture in the U.S., and that continues to perform. Also, there are issues in the European market that have helped us, even things like expanding our credit card business has been helpful to growing our business. So I think we'll continue to grow the business. You'll see the earnings strong, but perhaps not quite as strong as 2022.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the WCS discounts, so they're pretty favorable. Could you talk about what's driving that? And will you be able to capitalize on these wide WCS discounts in Q1 in the Central Corridor? And then finally, how do you think the Trans Mountain expansion might affect these discounts? Thanks.
Brian Mandell : Well, we'll start with WCS differentials. There were a number of things that we're kind of pushing and pulling on supply and demand. Inventories north of the board in Canada have been very high, and you had Keystone off the market for 22 days, which was 10 million barrels off the market. North of the border, you had about 4 million barrels of production off the market in December, another 0.5 million barrels off the market in January. And then you had the winter storm where refiners shut down. There was 27 million barrels of crude backed out, not all that's heavy crude, but refiners weren't pulling as much of the WCS. So all of that -- if you kind of add all that up, it meant that WCS dips were weaker than they have been.  TMX provided an update in early January that they said that their 75% of the pipe is now in the ground. They haven't changed their in-service date for the fourth quarter of this year. Our internal expectations are that start-up will slip into 2024 and full rates won't be achieved immediately. We don't think you need another pipeline to exit the product that is in Canada. So we don't see it doing much.  The first call for those barrels will always be Pad 2 and Pad 3 before they go to China or anywhere overseas, so they'll have to price to get into those markets.
Matthew Blair : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up question from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng : Hey, guys. Just real quick. Because of the keystone downtime, can you share that how much is the WCS that you run in the fourth quarter? And then what do you expect you're going to one year in the first quarter? And also, I believe with -- after the turnaround actually has been running at a pretty depressed way. I think at one point, about 60%, 65% and where are we in the Wood River?
Mark Lashier: So we generally don't, for commercial reasons, talk about what we run into refineries and how much we run. But of course, Wood River had some hiccups. In Q4, we ran less WCS in our system than normally. We are the largest importer of Canadian crude to the U.S. We expect, as Wood River comes back up, we'll run more, Rich, maybe you can talk about where we are in Wood River.
Brian Mandell : Yeah. So Wood River, there was an unplanned event incident that occurred at Wood River and -- let me start by saying our thoughts go out for the affected employees, contractors and their families that were associated with that event.  But there was an incident there. We are working diligently right now to increase the utilization that was affected by this, and we expect that utilization to continue to increase through the first quarter and returned to normal operations early second quarter is our current outlook on that, Paul.
Paul Cheng : Okay. Can you tell us that what's the current runway of Wood River?
Tim Roberts : Do we normally give guidance by plant?
Brian Mandell : Not that specific.
Mark Lashier : Yeah. Unfortunately, Paul, we don't give that type of guidance by plant as to what our current run rates are.
Operator: We have now reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert : Thanks, Emily. Thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call me or Owen Simpson. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sylvie, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert : Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream and Chemicals; and Rich Harbison, SVP, Refining. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. We provided supplemental information this morning for Chemicals, Refining and Marketing and Midstream. The remaining supplemental information will be available with the 10-Q filing. We'll return to the normal supplemental release next quarter. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to highlight that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York on November 9.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Lashier : Thanks, Jeff. Our third quarter results reflect the continued favorable market environment and our strong operating performance. We ran at high rates during the summer driving season to meet peak demand for critical transportation fuels. Our Refining business delivered improved market capture this quarter, supported by strong distillate cracks and wider discounts for heavy sour crudes. In the third quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.1 billion or $6.46 per share. We generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flow. We're committed to strong shareholder distributions. During the quarter, we ramped up share repurchases in a meaningful way, purchasing almost $700 million of common stock. Including dividends, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders. During the quarter, we continued to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic priorities. Our enterprise-wide business transformation is underway. The team is implementing key initiatives to deliver results. We look forward to providing more details at our Investor Day next week. In Midstream, we realigned our economic and governance interest in DCP Midstream, LP and Gray Oak Pipeline, LLC. Our economic interest in DCP Midstream increased to 43%, and our economic interest in Gray Oak Pipeline decreased to 6.5%. At the same time, we made an offer to acquire all publicly-held common units of DCP Midstream, LP. Our increased interest in DCP Midstream allows for further integration and optimization across our NGL business. The wellhead to market value chain structure will allow us to capture new commercial opportunities and optimize costs. Additionally, we started up Frac 4 at the Sweeny Hub on time and under budget. In October, Frac 4 achieved full run rates, bringing our total Sweeny Hub fractionation capacity to 550,000 barrels per day. CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high-performance polyethylene. The unit is being constructed at CPChem's Old Ocean, Texas facility and will produce 586 million pounds per year. CPChem is also building a new propylene splitter at its Cedar Bayou facility, which will expand its capacity by 1 billion pounds per year. Both the 1-hexene and propylene splitter projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected before the end of this year. In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The Rodeo Renewed project is expected to cost approximately $850 million and begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity.  Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell : Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Before I talk about the financials, let me begin by summarizing the accounting impacts of DCP Midstream. On August 17, we completed the merger of DCP Midstream, LLC and Gray Oak Pipeline, LLC. In connection with the transaction, we were delegated governance rights over DCP Midstream, LP and its general partner entities as well as DCP Sand Hills Pipeline, LLC and DCP Southern Hills Pipeline, LLC. Effective August 18, our financial results reflect the consolidation of these entities. So starting with an overview on Slide 4, we summarize these financial results. We reported third quarter earnings of $5.4 billion. We had special items amounting to an after-tax gain of $2.3 billion, including the net gain related to the consolidation of DCP Midstream, Sand Hills Pipeline and Southern Hills Pipeline and the transfer of interest in Gray Oak Pipeline. Excluding special items, adjusted earnings were $3.1 billion or $6.46 per share. The $33 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.05. We generated $3.1 billion of operating cash flow. Capital spending for the quarter was $735 million, including the company's $306 million investment in DCP Midstream, LLC associated with the merger, net of cash acquired. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through $466 million of dividends and $694 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 473 million shares outstanding. Moving to Slide 5. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the second quarter to the third quarter, including the impact of consolidating DCP Midstream, Sand Hills Pipeline and Southern Hills Pipeline effective August 18. The Midstream segment, Corporate and Other, income taxes and noncontrolling interests are impacted by the consolidations. The higher noncontrolling interest reflects the portion of these entities not owned by Phillips 66. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $163 million, mostly due to lower results in Refining and Chemicals, partially offset by higher Midstream and Marketing and Specialties results. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. Third quarter adjusted pretax income was $645 million compared with $292 million in the previous quarter. The consolidation of DCP Midstream results are now reported within NGL and Other. Transportation contributed adjusted pretax income of $229 million, down $21 million from the prior quarter. The decrease was mainly due to lower equity earnings from the Gray Oak Pipeline resulting from the merger. NGL and Other adjusted pretax income was $449 million compared with $282 million in the second quarter. The increase was primarily due to the consolidation of DCP Midstream, Sand Hills Pipeline and Southern Hills Pipeline effective August 18. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub averaged 429,000 barrels per day, and the Freeport LPG export facility loaded 249,000 barrels per day in the third quarter. Our NOVONIX investment is marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the investment, including foreign exchange impacts, decreased $33 million in the third quarter compared with a decrease of $240 million in the second quarter. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 7. Chemicals had third quarter adjusted pretax income of $135 million compared with $273 million in the previous quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins adjusted pretax income was $105 million. The $111 million decrease from the previous quarter was primarily due to lower margins resulting from a sharp decline in polyethylene prices. This was partially offset by lower turnaround costs. Global O&P utilization was 90% for the quarter. Adjusted pretax income for SA&S was $60 million, in line with the second quarter. The higher costs in Other mainly reflect legal contingencies. During the third quarter, we received $41 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to Refining on Slide 8. Refining third quarter adjusted pretax income was $2.8 billion, down from $3.1 billion in the second quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower realized margins, partially offset by higher volumes. Our realized margins decreased by 6% to $26.58 per barrel, while the composite global 3:2:1 market crack decreased by 22%. Pretax turnaround costs were $225 million, in line with the previous quarter. Crude utilization was 91% in the third quarter and clean product yield was 85%. Slide 9 covers market capture. Our composite global 3:2:1 market crack for the third quarter was $36.29 per barrel compared to $46.72 per barrel in the second quarter. Realized margin was $26.58 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 73%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 61%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. We have a higher distillate yield and lower gasoline yield than the 3:2:1 market indicator. During the third quarter, the distillate crack decreased $8.14 per barrel, and the gasoline crack decreased $11.84 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $3.50 per barrel or $0.47 per barrel higher than the previous quarter. Our feedstock loss of $1.48 per barrel was in line with the previous quarter. Feedstock advantage from widening heavy sour crude differentials was offset by the impact of higher feedstock costs relative to dated Brent in the Atlantic Basin. The other category reduced realized margins by $1.29 per barrel. This category includes RINs, freight costs, in-product realizations and inventory impacts. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted third quarter pretax income was $847 million compared with $765 million in the prior quarter. Marketing and Other adjusted pretax income was $717 million, up $61 million from the second quarter. The improvement reflects higher international margins, partially offset by lower domestic results, including inventory impacts. Specialties generated third quarter adjusted pretax income of $130 million. The $21 million increase was largely due to improved base oil margins. On Slide 12, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pretax costs of $246 million, $11 million higher than the prior quarter. The increase was mainly due to consolidating DCP Midstream interest expense of $34 million, partially offset by higher interest income. Slide 12 shows the change in cash during the third quarter. We started the quarter with a $2.8 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $3.1 billion. During the quarter, we funded $735 million of capital spending, including the company's $306 million investment in DCP Midstream, LLC associated with the merger, net of cash acquired. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our ending cash balance was $3.7 billion. We ended the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 29%, including the consolidation of DCP Midstream. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the fourth quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the fourth quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low to mid-90s and pretax turnaround expenses to be between $180 million and $220 million. As a result of strong turnaround execution and timing, we expect full year turnaround expenses to be lower than our original $800 million to $900 million of guidance. We anticipate fourth quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $300 million and $325 million pretax, reflecting a full quarter of DCP Midstream interest expense.  Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Doug Leggate at Bank of America.
Doug Leggate : Kevin, I wonder if I could just ask you about your thoughts on the balance sheet going forward. I mean, clearly, you're back to, I guess -- on a capitalization basis, you're back to pre-COVID levels pretty much. But the absolute debt, now you have DCP is still about 30% up on where it was before the downturn. So how are you thinking about where you want the balance sheet to be going forward and how that might play into your cash return strategy?
Kevin Mitchell : Yes, Doug, thanks. It's a good question. So we feel pretty good that even with consolidation of DCP, that debt-to-capital ratio, net of cash, is sub-30%. So we feel good about the metric from that standpoint. And also, if you just look at debt-to-EBITDA metrics, they're still very strong. But the reality is it's $17.8 billion, circa $18 billion of debt on a fully consolidated basis. And so I think given the overall financial position we're in, the cash generation that we have, you'll see us continue to do some debt reduction. Bear in mind, we haven't yet funded the buy-in of the public, so that puts more pressure on the balance sheet regardless of how we actually execute on that funding between debt and cash. And so we'll continue to want to make some debt reductions. But the difference now between where we were over the last couple of years, where we're trying to get rid of the pandemic debt that we had added is, we don't need to make debt reduction the #1 priority for discretionary cash. Cash generation, cash balances are sufficient that we'll be able to do some -- gradually chip away at the debt balance and, at the same time, continue to return a healthy amount of cash to shareholders.
Doug Leggate : I'm trying hard, Kevin, not to ask anything that I know you won't answer, given that you've got the Analyst Day. So I'm avoiding some of the obvious things, but I do want to try 1 that really came up in the last -- the call that preceded this one with Marathon. And it's the issue about the industry or senior management's view of mid-cycle. And Marathon were quite clear to say, look, in mid-cycle has moved up. You guys used to talk about, I guess, $6 billion to $7 billion of mid-cycle cash flow. Again, not preempting next week but can you maybe offer, whether Mark or anyone else, how you feel about the go-forward outlook for mid-cycle earnings for this business, of the Refining business?
Mark Lashier : Yes, Doug, we are going to cover that a bit next week. I think that there's two things to take into consideration there. What -- as the market mid-cycle moves, it has our ability to generate EBITDA move. And certainly, the piece that we control, we know we'll be moving and we'll provide details next week. And as far as the market, we're still watching that to see how that evolves. But we'll be more focused on what we're doing to drive our mid-cycle going forward.
Doug Leggate : I understand. We'll wait until next week.
Operator: Next question will be from Neil Mehta at Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Yes. I wanted to start off on the waterfall on Slide 20 of the deck in the Central Corridor. Really exceptional capture rates in that region. And I was wondering if there's anything unusual in there if there's something structural that we should capitalize, as I know that other bucket can be -- move around a bunch. And how much did WCS help this quarter? Or given the fact that it typically comes in at a lag, is that more of a 4Q tailwind?
Mark Lashier : Yes, Neil, we're very pleased with the Central Corridor performance. There are a number of factors that differentiated the second quarter to the third quarter and a number of things that happened in the third quarter. I'll let Rich dive into the details around that.
Rich Harbison : Okay, Mark. Neil, good question. And yes, the Mid-Con Central Corridor had a very good quarter. Let me start by resetting the basis for the second quarter. Second quarter for us was a heavy turnaround in this region. So a lot of the difference you're seeing is the lack of turnarounds in the third quarter. Our mechanical availability during the third quarter was very good. We had high utilizations sitting at around 93% and strong clean product yields sitting at 88% for the corridor. So good performance on both of those. Of course, those directly relate to increased volumes. And with the lack of turnarounds, we had a lot lower operating expense for the quarter as well. As you indicated as well, Neil, the market conditions were quite favorable for our kit. We saw widening Canadian spreads which are quite favorable for us as well as a very strong distillate crack in the region. And that also plays well for our kit, which is a strong distillate producer. So I think what you're seeing here is a strong operating performance in favorable market conditions playing out for us in the third quarter.
Neil Mehta : Yes. And maybe we could stay on that point around Western Canadian crude. It has been pretty wide here and it's widened out in the curve for '23 as well. So would love your guys' perspective on what you think is going on there. And given it does tend to come in at a lag, should we see a disproportionate impact of that tailwind in Q4?
Brian Mandell : Neil, this is Brian. I'll start by saying that WCS started weakening with unplanned maintenance. WCS was forced into the Gulf Coast and then forced to compete with SPR barrels. We've released about 180 million barrels of SPR crude. Most of that has been sour so we competed with WCS. High sulfur fuel oil has also been weak and it competes as well, given weaker bunker demand and the end of summer utility burn. And also, generally, WCS is purchased by Asia and India, and they were out buying euros, Russian crude, so they weren't buying as much.  And finally, WCS has a high naphtha cut, and that naphtha has been very, very weak because of the Chemicals business. So that also caused some pressure. So currently, WCS is at about $30 differential. Q4, if you look at the forward curve is at $26 off and next year is about $23 off. So we assume that it will continue to be weak and the market players also feel the same way.
Operator: Next question is from Roger Read at Wells Fargo.
Roger Read : I guess I'd like to maybe take a shot here at the Chemicals side of things. So obviously, kind of the softer results and coming off what was an impressive sort of '21, early '22 run. You mentioned FID for the Gulf Coast and then also the Ras Laffan opportunity. Does the weakness in Chemicals here at all imperil your timing on decision of FID? Or does it have any impact whatsoever?
Mark Lashier : Thanks, Roger. That's a great question. I think that CPChem has a long history of focusing on the long-term fundamentals. And they never tried to time any particular cyclic movements to drive their growth plans. They've always focused on capturing advantaged feedstocks and maintain their global market presence. And that's what they're doing here as well. Frankly, if you look back in history, the projects that have just happened to be countercyclical, where the investments made when there was a downturn, they tend to come online when things are turning back up and that's beneficial to the economics, then we -- it looks like that may be the case here. You can never predict when things will turn around, but it will take about four years to execute each of those projects. And so yes, it will be what does the crystal ball say in that time frame. But we focus on those long-term fundamentals and what we see as kind of a mid-cycle margin for those opportunities.
Roger Read : That makes sense. And then my other question on the Marketing business. You had an exceptional Q2 and now in an even more exceptional Q3. Any kind of background on what's going on there? And are the fundamentals that created the last two quarters showing any signs of reversing here?
Brian Mandell : Sure, Roger. Brian again. Maybe I'll start by saying that our diverse geographic portfolio with business both here in the U.S. and in Western Europe and our diverse channels of trade. We have unbranded, branded and retail help us when we think about our Marketing business. But Q3, a number of things that we saw that helped the business. In Germany, it was a tax holiday starting in January 1 and ending at the end of August. Also overseas, the low Rhine and the one Austrian refinery down actually helped us and generally helps us. We have alternative supply at MiRO Refinery there in the South of Germany, which helps us particularly in the south of Germany. And our exchange agreement terms also give us a competitive advantage. We had the general falling of spot prices, which helped us. Shortage of Russian distillate in the market as well helped us internationally. And then I would say, conversely, in the U.S., we actually saw margins come off in Q3 from Q2. But overall, we had a very good quarter.
Operator: Next question will be from Ryan Todd at Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd : Maybe if I could ask one on kind of Atlantic Basin dynamics. European refining, you're exposed to European refining, spent a lot of volatility in recent months there with natural gas prices. The systems have had to adjust and have adjusted a decent amount. Looking forward, you've got a crude import ban that's about to go into effect and then potentially a product import ban early next year. Any thoughts as you look forward to how these dynamics play out both for your asset and the region overall and how this may impact Atlantic Basin balances over the next six months?
Mark Lashier : Yes. This is Mark. I'll come in at a high level, then I'll let Rich and Brian follow up. But I think generally, those are constructive for us. It's -- I think it could strengthen our position, particularly around distillates and it's going from strength to strength. But I will let Brian and Rich comment on the details.
Brian Mandell : Maybe I'll start with the macro and Rich can talk more about our assets. But clearly, the market around the world is tight, particularly on distillates. In the U.S., we're under 2015 to 2019 ranges by 22% inventories. That's -- that was a very, very weak inventories, given that we're starting to go into the winter season. Refineries around the world are making diesel over gasoline currently. So there are a lot of things that may take some of the edge off and alleviate some of the stress on the market. First around the world, we're coming back from turnarounds here in the U.S. and elsewhere. The Chinese have increased their quotas so you'll see more gasoline and diesel on the market in Asia. The French refinery strikes are coming to an end, so those refineries will be back up. And then we're seeing kind of moderate weather forecast for both the U.S. and Europe. So why we'd expect the margins to remain strong, and I think the ultimate moderator for those margins will be demand.
Rich Harbison : Yes, I don't -- this is Rich. I really don't have much to add to that other than from a Refining perspective, of course, the natural gas price will drive up our operating expenses. And we will see higher feedstock costs as this market evolves here into the future and these sanctions go into play. So how that all sails out will be interesting.
Ryan Todd : Great. And then I don't -- this may step into what you plan on talking about next week, but regarding the buy-in of the remainder of DCP, I don't know if you have any comment on potential timing for closure deal there. But beyond that, can you -- maybe a reminder of how you're thinking about the incremental benefits of the kind of the consolidated position there, either from a financial free cash flow point of view or operational synergies that come along with closure of that deal? And how that may impact your ability to buy back stock in the near term and the longer term?
Mark Lashier : At a high level, Ryan, that -- the process is underway. We are negotiating with independent directors that represent the unitholders. And I will just say that we need to let that process play out. It's better to get the right number than to get a quick number. And as far as the strategic dynamics, Tim can talk more about that, but it really is about driving this wellhead to market strategy that we really believe will create a lot of long-term value and opportunity for Phillips 66. Tim, do you want to comment on that?
Tim Roberts : Yes, I think that's right. We -- Mark, thanks. Exactly right. I think there's a couple of things and I want to make a point is that we do believe in integration, no different than what we see in our integration on our Refining, Marketing, Commercial business and Midstream. We see the same thing in the NGL natural gas space. So this allows us to set up that framework to do that, especially in key basins, namely the Permian and DJ. So we really like that, but I think it's probably also worth commenting on that, yes, we want to get the buy-in done and get that behind us and really capture that full value. Really the important part for us, and we've already started the integration, so we are starting the integration, and we are pushing down the road as well to identify what the opportunities are going to be that really are going to position this both from a cost standpoint as well as the ability to compete and create more value, which we're -- as soon as we get the buy-in done, we can talk a lot more about what that potential is going to be.
Operator: Next question will be from John Royall at JPMorgan.
John Royall : So on the buyback, I think we'll probably have to wait until post DCP to have a real kind of go-forward framework. But for now, you did have a pretty big number in 3Q that I think surprised some people. And so can you talk about the short-term kind of push-pull between the buyback and then maybe conserving cash for the upcoming deal with DCP and how you think about that?
Mark Lashier : At a high level, John, we are committed to buybacks. We had to hold back in the second quarter due to a blackout period. And so that kind of held us back for a bit. But what you saw last quarter is just a signal that we are serious about buybacks. And I'll let Kevin talk about the balance between what it will require to execute the roll-up of DCP versus share repurchases. But we have got a solid plan. And like a broken record, I'll say you'll hear more about it at Investor Day.
Kevin Mitchell : Yes, John. So in terms of the DCP roll-up, our expectation is that will be a combination of debt issuance and cash on hand we'll use to fund that. And to my earlier comments, I feel pretty confident that with where the balance sheet sits with the cash position we have, with the cash generation we have, we'll be able to manage that in terms of -- yes, we will want to subsequently reduce debt. But with the overall cash position, we should be in a position to continue to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders. So I'm not too concerned that the DCP transaction is going to negatively impact our ability to buy back shares.
John Royall : Okay. And then apologies to repeat a prior question, but I was just thinking through your commentary on the strength in Central Corridor. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm not sure if the things you guys talked about necessarily address the Other bar, flipping from negative 8 to positive 4.50 going from 2Q to 3Q. So apologies if I missed this, but if you could go through the dynamics in that Other bar specifically, that would be really helpful.
Tim Roberts : Okay, let's see. In the Other bar in the Atlantic or in the Central Coast area, we're really looking at some RIN costs in there and some inventory timing issues are the two primary drivers of that, that bar there, John.
Operator: Next question will be from Matthew Blair at TPH.
Matthew Blair : Your Chems results came down but they really outperformed peers in the third quarter. Is this just as simple as you don't have Europe exposure and pretty much all your peers do? Was there anything else that we should look at? And I guess what's your outlook for Q4?
Mark Lashier : Yes. Thanks, Matt. That's a great question. We've talked to the folks at CPChem about that. I think part of it is that lack of European capacity though. Though we do, the Middle East assets do supply a lot of volume into Europe but they continue to perform well. The interesting thing is others have had to cut back production in North America, CPChem continued strong production. They had some unplanned outage but no intentional cutbacks. And I think that reflects their cost position. They didn't have to cut back to contain inventory. They didn't have to cut back due to economics. They had -- they ran strong and were profitable. And part of that is they're heavy into high-density polyethylene and the dynamics there are a little different than linear low-density polyethylene. And those that were cutting back were more exposed to that segment of the market. So I think they're -- while no one's having any fun in that environment right now, they are positioned a little -- to be a little more productive during this difficult time. And then as far as the fourth quarter, fourth quarter is typically soft and we continue to see this new capacity that's coming online being digested. Margins have gone down. Marker margins have gone down to just about the breakpoint. So I think as you see people that have cut back, as you see them signaling to the market that they need prices to go up and polyethylene to continue to provide what is needed in the marketplace, it's sounding feeling like it's kind of hit bottom. We'll probably see it hit bottom in the fourth quarter and then slowly recover. It will take a couple more quarters to really -- to see a lot of movement upward, but I think you're seeing those signs of bottoming out.
Matthew Blair : Sounds good. And then could you talk about octane spreads? They have been really quite strong recently. Is this just a function of Tier 3 impacts rolling through the market? And could you also remind me on what Phillips' exposure to premium gasoline is?
Brian Mandell : Yes. Generally, when you have weak naphtha, Matt, you have high or large octane spreads, and naphtha's been very, very weak so gasoline blenders need the octane to blend into the gasoline to make finished grade. And I would say that like most marketers, we're about 11% or 12% on our premium in our Marketing business.
Operator: Next question will be from Paul Cheng at Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : Two questions, please. First, with the latest news from Biden talking about the oil industry with the windfall profit tax, just wondering that your people in D.C., when they talk to the senator, what's your guess is whether there will be sufficient vote in the Senate for them to pass that, if the President does propose one? The second question is that, want to see what is your R&D strategy, renewable diesel strategy beyond the retail conversion that you're currently doing? I mean, that over -- I mean, it was -- the first phase will come onstream soon and then full completion probably in 2024. And so wanted to see that beyond that, that is going to be one-off or let's say, more maybe that strategy going forward on that?
Mark Lashier : Yes. Thanks, Paul. This is Mark. Your first question, we've been, along with the rest of our peers in the industry, engaged with the Biden administration around the challenges that they see in the marketplace. And it's earnings season, a lot of integrated oils are coming out with very, very solid results. And I think that's the target of the President's latest comments. Our view is when we get off of the public rhetoric and engage with them to address the issues of inventories and supply and cost and price. It's been constructive. And they know that they have to proceed with caution because things that they try to do could disrupt the markets even more. And they are listening and they are taking into account the advice that we've been giving them along with our peers. You have to remember that there's an election next week, and I think that there's going to be a lot of rhetoric right up to that point in time.
Operator: Next question will be...
Mark Lashier : Oh, I'm sorry, Paul. I was so focused on that first question, I forgot to answer your second question, Paul. Renewable diesel strategy. Yes. Obviously, the first step is the successful execution and commissioning of the Rodeo Renewed project. We've -- we put our toe in the water there with a small unit at the San Francisco refinery. We call it Unit 250. That's been quite successful in the marketplace. We are involved in aggregating feedstocks, both in preparation for Rodeo as well as our Humber facility. We're producing renewable fuels there, including sustainable aviation fuel. Rodeo will provide some sustainable aviation fuel as well. And so we kind of look at that business as renewable fuels, not just renewable diesel. And we're taking a hard look at options around sustainable aviation fuel. Certainly, the IRA Act was supportive of SAF. And we've got some thoughts there that we're looking at. Bottom line is we're going to -- whatever we do, we're going to be incredibly disciplined, and we've got to ensure that we've got a competitive advantage when we go off in these directions, that we've got line of sight on feedstocks and that we've got the right capital cost when we execute these projects. So that's the primary focus, not just getting bigger but being better in every one of those things that we do.
Operator: Our last question is from Jason Gabelman at Cowen.
Jason Gabelman : I just wanted to ask on the cash flow since you didn't provide some of the detail that you typically do on the cash flow walk. Can you just discuss some of the items that impacted your cash from operations, working capital and otherwise that could have impacted cash conversion? And then secondly, there were some -- and this maybe front-running something that you may discuss next week, but there were some reports about reducing headcount and optimizing the workforce. Can you just discuss any plans that you have around doing that and improvement in cost as a result?
Mark Lashier : Yes, Kevin will touch on the cash flow detail. I'll talk about those reports on headcount.
Kevin Mitchell : Yes, Jason. In terms of operating cash flow, that detail will be available next week at the time -- early next week when we file the 10-Q. But what I would say, I know there's a lot of interest in working capital and we're still finalizing that level of detail. But what I would say is, based on everything we've seen to date, we don't think that working capital was a very significant component of operating cash flow. So there'll be a working capital impact, but it will be pretty minor relative to some of the other numbers that you have seen out there. And I'll just leave it at that.
Mark Lashier : Yes. On the -- Jason, on the headcount issue, yes, we've been focused on our business transformation for well over a year now, and this is a facet of that work, and we've been executing that portion of the work. It's material. We will provide more details next week at Investor Day. I think though, it's a clear signal of our commitment to lower our cost, to eliminate unnecessary work, to have an optimal organization to go forward in what is an ever-changing volatile environment that we did execution reduction in force during the best two quarters in our history.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference -- sorry, question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert : We thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions on today's call, please call Shannon and me. And we look forward to seeing many of you at the Investor Day next week. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may now begin -- you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Joanna, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream; and Rich Harbison, SVP, Refining. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to highlight that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York on November 9. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. It's great to be here with you today as President and CEO. As I shared with our employees, it's an honor and a privilege to be taking on this role. And I'm happy to be a part of the strong leadership team and humbled by the opportunity to lead such a great company. I'd also like to introduce Rich Harbison, our new Senior Vice President of Refining. Rich has over 30 years of experience in a variety of leadership roles across our refining, pipeline and terminal organizations. Most recently, he was Vice President of the San Francisco Refinery, where he oversaw the Rodeo Renewed project. Our second quarter results reflect the strong market environment driven by a tight global supply and demand balance. We're focused on reliably providing critical energy products, including transportation fuels to meet demand. We've maintained strong operations in successfully completing our spring turnaround activities early in the second quarter. Even with global refineries running near max capacities, gasoline and distillate inventories remain low, supporting elevated refining margins. In the second quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.3 billion or $6.77 per share. We generated $1.8 billion in operating cash flow. Excluding working capital, operating cash flow was $3.6 billion. We returned $533 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We resumed our share repurchase program in the second quarter and remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. In May, we raised our dividend 5% to $0.97 per share. We've increased the dividend 11 times since our inception in 2012, resulting in an 18% compound annual growth rate. Our strategy remains consistent, supported by a strong foundation of operating excellence and a high-performing organization. We're focused on strategic return-enhancing growth investments in Midstream, Chemicals and Emerging Energy while selectively investing to increase returns in Refining and Marketing and Specialties. We continue to target a long-term capital allocation framework of 60% reinvestment in the business and 40% cash returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We've been successful in reducing pandemic debt, including paying down $1.5 billion of debt during the second quarter. In addition, we believe higher cash levels are prudent, given the current uncertain economic environment. We're executing an enterprise-wide business transformation to achieve sustained annual cost savings of at least $700 million. David Erfert, Senior Vice President and Chief Transformation Officer, has been leading the effort across our organization with engagement from over 1,000 employees. Initiatives are being implemented to position us for the future and ensure we remain competitive in any economic scenario. We look forward to sharing more details on our business transformation at our Investor Day in November. During the quarter, we continued to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic initiatives. In Midstream, at the Sweeny Hub, we expect Frac 4 to start up late this quarter. The total project cost for Frac 4 is expected to be approximately $525 million. CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. CPChem's total capital budget for 2022 is $1.4 billion, of which $1 billion is for growth projects with average expected returns above 20%. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component of high-performance polyethylene. Construction is underway on the 586 million pounds per year unit located in Old Ocean, Texas. CPChem is also building a new propylene splitter at its Cedar Bayou facility, which will expand its capacity by 1 billion pounds per year. Both the 1-hexene and propylene splitter projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. Recently, CPChem announced plans to double its polyolefins capacity in Belgium to approximately 265 million pounds per year, with start-up expected in 2024. CPChem continues to develop 2 world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected this year. In Refining, we made a final investment decision to move forward with our Rodeo Renewed project to convert our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The project is expected to cost approximately $850 million and begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. In addition, the conversion is projected to reduce life cycle carbon emissions by approximately 65% or the equivalent of permanently removing 1.4 million cars from California roads. In July, we formed JET H2 Energy Austria, a 50-50 joint venture with H2 Energy Europe to develop up to 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026. Recently, we published our 2022 Sustainability Report, providing a comprehensive look at our actions to both prepare Phillips 66 to thrive in the energy future and deliver on our commitment to being one of the industry's best operators. The report includes a detailed analysis of the company's climate-related risks and opportunities as well as performance data on various environmental, social and governance matters. Before we review the financial results, we'd like to recognize our employees' commitment to operating excellence. We're honored that our Midstream business was awarded the American Petroleum Institute's Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for large operators for the second consecutive year. In addition, Midstream received the Platinum Safety Award in the large company division from the International Liquid Terminals Association. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell : Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide 4, we summarize our financial results for the second quarter. Adjusted earnings were $3.3 billion or $6.77 per share. A $240 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.38. We generated $1.8 billion of operating cash flow, including a working capital use of $1.8 billion. Cash distributions from equity affiliates were $527 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $376 million, including $167 million for growth projects. We returned $533 million to shareholders through $460 million of dividends and $66 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 481 million shares outstanding. Moving to Slide 5. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the first quarter to the second quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings increased $2.7 billion with a substantial improvement in Refining. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. Second quarter adjusted pretax income was $292 million compared with $242 million in the previous quarter. Transportation contributed adjusted pretax income of $250 million, down $28 million from the prior quarter. The decrease was mainly due to lower equity earnings, driven by reduced Bakken crude volumes associated with winter storm impacts. NGL and Other adjusted pretax income was $152 million compared with $91 million in the first quarter. The increase was primarily due to improved margins and volumes at the Sweeny Hub. The margin improvement includes unfavorable inventory impact in the previous quarter. In addition, we had higher Sand Hills Pipeline equity earnings in the second quarter. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub averaged a record 441,000 barrels per day, and the Freeport LPG export facility loaded 240,000 barrels per day in the second quarter. DCP Midstream adjusted pretax income of $130 million was up $99 million from the previous quarter, mainly driven by improved gathering and processing results and hedging impacts. The hedge gain recognized in the second quarter was approximately $30 million compared with a hedge loss of approximately $50 million in the first quarter. Our NOVONIX investment is marked-to-market at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the investment, including foreign exchange impacts, decreased $240 million in the second quarter compared to a decrease of $158 million in the first quarter. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 7. Chemicals second quarter adjusted pretax income of $273 million was down $123 million from the prior quarter. Olefins and polyolefins adjusted pretax income was $216 million. The $161 million decrease from the previous quarter was primarily due to lower margins resulting from higher feedstock costs as well as increased utility and turnaround costs. Global O&P utilization was 94% for the quarter. Adjusted pretax income for SA&S was $59 million, up $27 million from the prior quarter. The increase was mainly due to improved margins on benzene and specialty chemicals as well as improved styrene results. The $11 million improvement in Other mainly reflects lower employee-related expenses and higher capitalized interest related to growth projects. During the second quarter, we received $216 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to Refining on Slide 8. Refining's second quarter adjusted pretax income was $3.1 billion, up from $140 million in the first quarter. The improvement was primarily due to higher realized margins across all regions. Realized margins increased by 168% to $28.31 per barrel. Pretax turnaround costs were $223 million, up from $102 million in the prior quarter. Crude utilization was 90% in the second quarter and clean product yield was 83%. Slide 9 covers market capture. Our composite global 3:2:1 market crack for the second quarter was $46.72 per barrel compared to $21.93 per barrel in the first quarter. Realized margin was $28.31 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 61%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 48%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. We have a higher distillate yield and a lower gasoline yield than the market indicator. During the quarter, the distillate crack was $61.38 per barrel, and the gasoline crack was $39.52 per barrel. The configuration impact as a percentage of the market crack was similar to first quarter. Losses from secondary products of $3.03 per barrel were in line with the prior quarter. Our feedstock loss of $1.46 per barrel declined $2.47 per barrel from the previous quarter due to narrowing Canadian crude differentials. The other category reduced realized margins by $7.48 per barrel. This category includes RINs, clean product realizations, freight costs and inventory impacts. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted second quarter pretax income was $765 million compared with $316 million in the prior quarter. Marketing and Other increased $453 million from the first quarter. This was primarily due to higher realized fuel margins, including inventory impacts. Refined product exports in the second quarter were 153,000 barrels per day. Specialties generated second quarter adjusted pretax income of $109 million, in line with the previous quarter. Slide 11 shows the change in cash during the second quarter. We started the quarter with a $3.3 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $3.6 billion, excluding working capital. There was a working capital use of $1.8 billion, mainly reflecting an increase in accounts receivable due to higher product prices and timing of sales. We repaid $1.5 billion of debt, lowering our net debt-to-capital ratio to below 30%, the lowest it has been since the fourth quarter of 2019. In addition, we funded $376 million of capital spending and returned $533 million to shareholders. Our ending cash balance was $2.8 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the third quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining, we expect the third quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low to mid-90s and pretax turnaround expenses to be between $260 million and $290 million. We expect full year pretax turnaround expenses to be at the lower end of our $800 million to $900 million guidance. We anticipate third quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $210 million and $230 million pretax. Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Neil Mehta : I wanted to kick off with you, Mark, on your perspective as the new CEO, and congratulations to you, again, on the role. And one of the areas that you've talked about in the past that you think there is an opportunity gap around earnings is to improve the profitability of the Refining segment and some of that came through this quarter, for sure. So I just would love to hear how you're seeing the business transformation. What are the things that you're doing strategically on the ground? And how should we as an investment community evaluate that progress?
Mark Lashier : Thank you, Neil. And it's a great question and I appreciate that. There's a number of dimensions that we're looking at that. You mentioned our business transformation. At a high level, we've mentioned that we're targeting over $700 million in expense reduction, and we're quite confident in that number. There's probably a little upside there, but we're transitioning from analyzing what we can do identifying what we can do to executing. So we're launching into execution as we speak. When you think about Refining, cost is a big piece of what we're doing in Refining and it's a big piece of that whole $700 million. We're looking at things like standardizing across our Refining fleet, how we do things. We're looking at centralizing many of the support functions for our refineries all the way out to looking at how we do maintenance, how we operate and optimize using digital, things that we've implemented to do better maintenance at a lower cost to optimize more aggressively, to identify opportunities quicker. And when you think about the margin capture, it really boils down to utilization, yield, reliability, things like that. And we've got things in flight to address reliability, things to enhance the yields of what we produce and certainly maximize our ability to utilize those assets. All of that -- some of that was in flight before business transformation hit, but all of that will come through in business transformation. And beyond the cost element, we're really pushing the organization from the bottom up to identify opportunities. The folks out on the frontline have a big role in identifying the things that they think are inefficient in what we do and how we can capture those efficiencies and change the way we work. And when you layer on that, the digital things we're putting in place from Wi-Fi in our facilities to different kinds of sensors on our pumps and different processing equipment so we can better monitor them in real-time, it's all going to add up better utilization, pushing that operating envelope even further. And that will enhance our reliability and our yields as we go forward. So there's a number of dimensions that we're pressing on, Neil, and we think they'll all contribute to much stronger competitive performance in our Refining sector.
Neil Mehta : And maybe the follow-up to that is a little bit more from your term question is how should we think about the refining market conditions right now impacting your 3Q profitability? You're guiding to crude utilization, which is pretty good, low to mid-90s, diesel is trading above gasoline, WCS is winding out. In theory, this should be a good opportunity set for your Refining business.
Mark Lashier : Yes, Neil, we're in alignment in that. We think the fundamentals are strong for our kit going forward and we need to operate very well. We will see some turnarounds come back into the picture later in the year, later in the quarter, but we see an opportunity to run strong. Our assets are in really good shape. And the crude diffs are certainly moving in our favor, and our ability to outperform on distillates versus gasoline will be strong. If you look at the fundamentals around the cost curve between the U.S. and Europe, if you look at the fundamentals around where inventories are, we just can't build any inventory with prompt demand where it is. We're bullish on that outlook as well.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America, please go ahead.
Douglas Leggate : And again, Mark, welcome to the hot seat. I guess it's an interesting time for you for sure.
Mark Lashier : Thanks, Doug.
Douglas Leggate : This morning, I wonder if I can ask a macro question and a specific question to you on the quarter relating to the relative profitability of Europe compared to your U.S. business. So my macro question is that ExxonMobil this morning kind of laid out their prognosis for capacity additions over the next year or two. And I just wonder if you could offer the Phillips 66 perspective and [indiscernible] business. And I'm just curious if you could share your thoughts on how you see, if there is such a thing, a new normal for this business going forward.
Mark Lashier : You broke up a little bit, Doug. I think the first part of the question was about our view on capacity additions. I'm going to have Jeff address that. And then we may have you repeat the second half because you broke up a little bit.
Jeff Dietert : Yes. Doug, we have between 1.3 million and 1.5 million barrels a day of capacity growth per year in the '22, '23, '24 time frame. Now that will be offset by about half as much capacity that's announced rationalizations that will be coming out of the market, including our Rodeo Renewed that we're converting to a renewable diesel facility. So there will be some capacity growth, but the market is tight, as you know, from the cracks in the marketplace and the inventories today currently.
Douglas Leggate : Okay. So Jeff, I want [indiscernible]...
Jeff Dietert : You're breaking up a little bit, Doug. Come at us again.
Douglas Leggate : Okay, I apologize. My phone signal is not best. So I'll try my follow-up. I'm interested in the relative profitability of Humber relative to your U.S. business. I'm thinking specifically about the cost of natural gas in Europe is obviously lifting the cost of European refining. You've got a unique insight to that, I guess, along with [oil]. So I'm just wondering if you could share your perspective on how Humber is doing in this environment. And where you see [indiscernible] perhaps relative to the other European refiners?
Mark Lashier : Yes. I think at a high level, we're happy with Humber's performance. They're doing a number of things really well. They're profitable. I think Rich can provide a little more color on our competitive position there.
Rich Harbison : Yes, certainly. Thanks, Mark. And Doug, good question. And certainly, it's on the minds of a lot of folks right now. The price of natural gas in the European market has gone quite high. Fortunately, for us, the Humber facility has a very mature energy stewardship program. It's been in place for over 20 years in that marketplace. They're a very efficient operation, actually the lowest CO2 emitter in the UK refining systems. They're a very low consumer of purchased natural gas. And in a high natural gas price environment, obviously, there's some impact on their business, right, as far as electricity costs that are externally provided and chemical costs in those areas, which are consistent with the broader industry as well. But primarily, where Humber's advantage is in the operation is that fuel efficiency. And they buy very little to no natural gas for fuel gas supply to the facility.
Douglas Leggate : And on hydrogen for hydrotreating?
Rich Harbison : Yes. And they consume a little bit of hydrogen but mostly self-generated inside the facility. And that hydrogen price will be impacted a little bit by the natural gas, that's right.
Douglas Leggate : Also give your perspective on relative clearing costs for Europe versus the U.S., obviously, Humber's advantaged. But generically, how do you see the U.S. versus European trade-off as it relates to the incremental cost of supply, I guess, is what are we getting at.
Brian Mandell: Generally, for most refiners, we think in somewhere in the $10 to $12 range, we're advantaged versus those refiners. Rich pointed out Humber and where that stands versus other refiners in the market.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read : Mark, welcome to the role. Maybe to take in a little bit of a forward look, I mean, I know everybody worries about gasoline demand taking a hit. But as mentioned many times, diesel is a bigger part of your kit. And as we look towards the following winter, where do you think we are now in terms of broadly speaking, diesel production, sensitivity, if any, that you've seen on price? And then between either max diesel or max jet or max distillate first gasoline, how that setup looks for you?
Brian Mandell : Well, thanks, Roger. Maybe I'll take that. This is Brian. It's hard to see a solver for distillate coming up in the winter. We're at low inventories. If you look in the U.S., we're at minus 20% versus 2015 to 2019 averages. We're heading into a turnaround season. Demand is strong. We've seen demand better than 2019 currently. Refiners are running now max distillate, and we have in every pad jet RIN adjusted over distillate prices. We're heading into harvest season. Cost to produce in Europe, as we just talked about, is expensive versus the U.S. so they're not going to be able to help much. We think there's about 150,000 barrels of Russian distillate off the market, which doesn't help much either. So I think as you pointed out, we're distillate-heavy in our system. I think that's going to be a good thing going forward, given our view of distillate.
Roger Read : And then kind of also leaning into the overall European question. As you look across all of your different operations, so I'm kind of thinking catalysts and some of the specific, maybe metering or valves equipment, within the Refining segment, similar in parts and Midstream in terms of valves and measurement and some of that maybe in chemicals. Do you have any specific exposure to Northern European countries that could face some significant power constraints and thus, some industrial curtailment over the next several quarters, in such a way that it could affect any of your operations, long lead time items you might need for turnarounds? Just trying to sort of gauge the risk, given all the other supply chain and logistics issues we've seen over the last year or two.
Mark Lashier : So I think the question is, Roger, are there specific suppliers, specific manufacturers in Europe that we might have exposure to that could be disrupted as they cut back on natural gas and their ability to manufacture. Is that the question?
Roger Read : Yes.
Mark Lashier : Rich, do you have a perspective on that?
Rich Harbison : Well, we're certainly seeing supply chain restrictions, lead times taking a little bit longer. But there's no specific supplier that we've identified at this point in time that has us concerned about our ability to continue to conduct our business. In some cases, maybe we're splitting suppliers and are moving to others. But we don't anticipate inside the Refining organization any significant supply chain issues at this point.
Mark Lashier : Yes. I don't think we have any single points of failure in securing any equipment that we might need to keep our operations going.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler, please go ahead.
Ryan Todd : Maybe a follow-up on some earlier questions. I mean, as you think about kind of capture trends on the Refining side, there have been various things that have been varying degrees of overhang in the first half of the year. As you look into the third quarter, as you think about things like widening crude differentials, the trends in secondary product dynamics, backwardation, et cetera, how would you think about some of the backdrop in terms of Refining capture and where we're trending kind of 3Q versus 2Q and 1Q?
Rich Harbison : This is Rich Harbison here. Market capture in Refining, we had a nice bump over the first quarter, right? 61% market capture, certainly improved over the first quarter. We're working to continue this trajectory. We are -- we'll be subject to some planned maintenance on the backside of the next quarter, that has some potential to impact that market capture. But really, our key is focused on, as Mark indicated earlier in his opening comments, it's around the reliability programs that we're implementing and improving our utilization of the existing facilities, while we also focus on turning our products into the highest value, which are generally clean product yield improvements. So we think that's looking directionally good for us in the third quarter, and also the early indications of the widening light heavy crude differential are also a good tailwind for our kit.
Jeff Dietert : I think one of the things we identified in the first quarter was just some timing issues associated with the rapid increase in crude price. Crude price continued to increase in 2Q, so the direction of crude price could have some influence on market capture, depending on which direction it moves.
Ryan Todd : And maybe shifting gears a little bit on the Chemicals side. Any comments you can provide on kind of Chemicals macro environment? What are you seeing demand at the margin? The shutdowns in China have been an impact on the margin in terms of demand there. Globally, are you seeing any signs of kind of slowdown and demand for Chemicals products? And then obviously, you have some potential FID on a major expansion later this year. So as you think about the macro backdrop over the next couple of quarters, what does it look like to you? And then as you think over the next few years as a backdrop for potential investments, any thoughts on where we are in the chemical cycle there and how that will inform things going forward?
Mark Lashier : Yes, Ryan, I'll cover the macro then Tim Roberts, he sits on the CPChem Board of Directors, and they'll be looking at those FID opportunities. I'll ask him to provide color on the megaprojects. But from a macro perspective, CPChem is seeing, frankly, really strong demand for most of their products, in particularly polyethylene. The challenge in the polyethylene chain is with what's going on in the energy sector, their feedstock costs have gone up. And in spite of pretty significant increases in demand, there's more capacity -- new capacity coming on in North America and they continue to face export challenges. So North America demand has been strong. European demand has been very strong. And you see European producers doing quite well because North America is kind of bottled up on logistics getting into Europe to take advantage of that. So you're seeing that captured by European producers, by Middle East producers. Asia is still slow. If Asia comes back, that will add some upside to things in a number of dimensions. So if you look at their Specialty Chemicals business, their Performance Pipe business, they're having kind of record years. And even their Styrenics business, their exposure there, I think, is benefiting from relative lower abundant naphtha, abundant benzene driving better values in some of their aromatics products. So they're seeing pretty robust demand across the board for now. So with that, Tim, do you want to pick up on the major projects?
Tim Roberts : Yes. Sounds good. Thanks, Mark. From the standpoint of FID, we still anticipate, in the fourth quarter, making a decision on the project. As you -- probably we've said before, all the permitting is complete. All the typical you would consider AFD work, which is before pre-sanctioning has been underway. So some civil work has already started, along with long lead items, some compressors, extruders, some of those things, also in an effort to mitigate any inflationary issues that you may encounter. So overall, a big project and moving forward to a decision point here in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about that project. I will talk about ROPP just real quick that way when we cover that. So the two biggest items we've got. Awaiting EPC bids on that particular project, another -- again, that's a 30%-70% CPChem/Cutter Energy joint venture. And so that's moving along. And we anticipate a 2023 FID decision for that particular project, but it's also advancing as per the stage gauge we have on projects of this size.
Mark Lashier : Yes. Both those projects will be rural scale. If you think about Gulf Coast One, it was 1.5 million tons plus derivatives. These will be 2 million tons plus derivatives, and they're going to both leverage off of considerable advantaged infrastructure on the Gulf Coast and, of course, in Ras Laffan in Qatar. So they've got a substantial capital advantage, which lowers their exposure to any inflationary pressure. And they've done, as Tim referenced, things to mitigate that inflationary pressure. CPChem, along with Qatar Energy is -- and the owners of CPChem, have a very diligent, deliberate process to go through to ensure that we're mitigating those risks and positioning to take advantage in the best way, what the market -- the long-term market fundamentals will offer them. And both those projects will be off-balance sheet project financed. Kevin, you've got a perspective there. Why don't you talk about that?
Kevin Mitchell : Yes. I will because it's an important point. Two projects of that scale running. Obviously, that's a big capital outlay. But when you factor in both joint ventures, so CPChem is 51% of the Gulf Coast project, 30% of the Middle East project. And then both will be subject to project financing on the Gulf Coast 2 project. The financing is being actively worked at this point to get that ready for FID. But the expectation is if you think of about 50% project financing, combined with the fact that CPChem's ownership is at 51% on one and 30% on the other, that dramatically reduces the cash outlay that CPChem will have as they're funding the construction of those projects.
Operator: Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Manav Gupta : I'm just running back some data, and I noticed that traditionally, if you made $100 in your gas cost, you made probably 200 to 300 on your Central Corridor at least. So obviously, this quarter was -- seems like a heavy turnaround quarter for Central Corridor. And I'm just trying to understand, was it basically the turnaround because of which the Central Corridor was below the Gulf Coast? Or is there more to it because two regions where you do make needle coke are Atlantic Basin and Gulf Coast. So is needle coke pushing up the earnings of those two regions relative to Central Corridor where you actually maybe don't make needle coke? So if you could help us understand those dynamics.
Rich Harbison : This is Rich Harbison again. The primary difference between those two regions was driven by turnaround activity. It's really as simple as that. We were down for a good part of the quarter at a couple of facilities in the Mid-Continent area.
Manav Gupta : So as you run hardware in 3Q, the equation reverses to historical ratios roughly?
Rich Harbison : That would be our hope. Depends on what the market does but yes.
Manav Gupta : Okay. And a quick question here is I think you guys do want to build on your clean fuel or green energy or new energy business, and you have the balance sheet. And I'm just trying to understand, look, if the right opportunities arise, would you be open to more deals like NOVONIX where you become JV partners or partial owners and use your balance sheet to try and grow your green energy business? Or from this point on, mostly to be organic investments in that business?
Mark Lashier : Yes, Manav, that's a great question. We've got four pillars in that business that we're trying to establish ourselves. Of course, the nearest and the most actionable is around renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, converting assets that we have to produce things that are very, very close to us. We -- the longer-term things around batteries and carbon capture and hydrogen, you'll see us making more modest investments to learn how to take on those things. Across the whole spectrum of these things, we're going to take a very disciplined approach around capital investment. We've got good line of sight on Rodeo. It's a high-return project. It's going to be the lowest capital cost per gallon of any renewable diesel facility that we're aware of. We really like that project. It's in the right marketplace. It's got the right logistics and feedstock access. As you look further out in time, you look at the NOVONIX investment, it was a modest investment. We won't invest in a big way in assets in -- to chase batteries or to chase hydrogen until we see line of sight on good returns, returns that our investors will be happy with. But we do have to take steps now to understand how you can create value in those value chains. Where is the right position for us to establish a competitive advantage and bring the right products, the right energies to the market that needs them? So we are not adverse to doing inorganic things if it makes sense. And as we've demonstrated, we've entered into joint ventures to help explore these opportunities, or we'll go out organically on our own in areas that are very close to our wheelhouse that we believe we can establish and capture advantage and capture real value in.
Kevin Mitchell : And Manav, it's Kevin. Just to reinforce the point, we have a balance sheet but we are going to be very diligent in how we use that balance sheet. And so our expectation is that if we're putting our balance sheet to work, we're expecting returns that meet all of our typical thresholds as we've talked about in the past.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays, please go ahead.
Theresa Chen : First, I wanted to touch on the Marketing segment. Just seeing that really strong contribution this quarter and the resilient demand reflected in the volumes, can you talk about what is happening in real time in that segment? And if this is a new run rate or were there discrete items that boosted contribution in second quarter?
Brian Mandell : Theresa, this is Brian. I would start by saying that Marketing did do well in the quarter, in large part because of market volatility in all the markets that we market in. And also because of the seasonality, Q2 is typically, as you know, a better time for Marketing than Q1. And we benefit from having a diverse portfolio, both geographically. We have operations here in the U.S. and in Western Europe and by marketing to a number of customer channels, unbranded, branded and retail. But I would say, besides market volatility and seasonality, we saw strength in a number of areas across the portfolio. I'll give you some examples. In the U.S. branded business, we sell product to discount retailers who perform very well, given the current market. In Germany, volumes recovered in part through the benefit of a German tax holiday, which started at the beginning of June and will end at the end of August. Also, our Austrian marketing business benefited from supply constraints related to Austria's only refinery, which is currently running at 20%. We supply our marketing from alternative supply destinations. And I think finally, I'd say across the portfolio, retail, which we've been building in the U.S. and have overseas performed really well, including inside sales of convenience store products. So we saw a number of opportunities to help the business, including, of course, volatility and seasonality.
Kevin Mitchell : Theresa, it's Kevin. I would just also add that in the quarter, there's probably about $80 million of gains that are associated with inventory-related movements that we would expect that to come back in the second half of the year, realistically third quarter. So there's that component that is included in those results.
Theresa Chen : Got it. And turning to Midstream. On the heels of a major fire in one of the key Mid-Con fractionators and your fractionation footprint on the Gulf Coast, can you tell us if this could potentially provide a tailwind for your frac volumes in the second half as those Y-grade barrels will likely need to be diverted elsewhere for fractionation?
Tim Roberts : Yes. Great question on that, Theresa. Yes, unfortunate incident up at Medford and at the Conway Hub. Probably let me context it this way is the answer is yes. But behind that, I would say that up in Conway, there's about 600,000 barrels of frac capacity out there currently. Of that, Medford is about 220,000 barrels of it, so a significant piece of that particular hub. So with that not operating, currently, that's put pressure on Conway, so Conway is effectively tight. There's no room for any more barrels there. So instead of moving purities from Conway down to the U.S. Gulf Coast, you're seeing Y-grade move down. So the Y-grade is looking for a home as well, both at Mont Belvieu and I would say our facility but we've been running full out. So we're really not going to get volume though because we may get some margin help because it's tight enough in Mont Belvieu and tight enough, obviously, in -- down at our shop. And at Conway, you'll see the tightening of the market will put some pressure on the system itself. Now what I will tell you is that this is a temporary moment in time because you've got 5 fracs coming on board in the next 18 months, about 700,000 barrels a day. Of that, 150,000 is our Frac 4, which will be coming onstream here late in the third quarter. And so that will relieve some pressure on the system that we're currently seeing because of that incident.
Operator: Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt, please go ahead.
Matthew Blair : Mark, as you look at the wide range of businesses that are under the PSX umbrella, are there any that stand out as perhaps not a long-term fit?
Mark Lashier : Yes. I think as we look at the businesses we're in, there's good integration across these businesses even as we add the Emerging Energy opportunities. If you think about needle coke going into batteries, as you think about our ability to produce and market and capture the full value chain around things like renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel, the Midstream assets that are integrated, in many respects, into CPChem and our ability to see through there, I think that, that -- we're pretty comfortable with the integration opportunities there. There's always individual assets that we look at that may be able to create more value for someone else and we take a critical view at that consistently on our portfolio, if there's opportunities to do things around individual assets. We're always in optimization mode. But I think at a macro level, I think we like the businesses that we're in.
Jeff Dietert : And I think, as you know, Matthew, the work done at Rodeo and converting it to a renewable diesel facility and the conversion of Alliance to a terminal are examples of our searching for better opportunities for some of the existing assets.
Matthew Blair : Got it. And then maybe sticking on Rodeo. You mentioned RD as a big part of your new energy growth strategy. I think that the capacity there is about 120 million gallons currently. Could you comment on the performance in the quarter from RD? What kind of utilization are you running at? And was that cash positive in the quarter?
Brian Mandell : Unit 250.
Rich Harbison: Unit 250, the unit that we have running now, yes.
Brian Mandell : Yes.
Rich Harbison : Yes. So I'll -- this is Rich, Matthew, and then I'll turn it over to Brian to add maybe some marketing color to it. But from an operating standpoint and utilization of the, what we call our Unit 250 that is currently producing renewable diesel, it's performing, I'd say, actually above expectations at this point in time. It's performing quite well. And the team out there that's running the unit has learned a lot while they're running it, but they've also been able to extend our anticipated run lengths. And so all in all, the unit is performing above expectations, I would say, at this time. On the market side, Brian?
Brian Mandell : I would say on the marketing side, we've been running more low CI material through Unit 250, which has been helping us. If you take a look at the oil, the heating oil spread, it's the slowest in the past 1.5 years, in large part because heating oil has risen much quicker than the feedstock into the plant. That's a benefit to us. And the RINs, as you know, are very highly priced as well. So in terms of margin for Unit 250, it's very, very strong right now. We'd expect that to continue for some time.
Operator: John Royall from JPMorgan, please go ahead.
John Royall : So sticking with RD, can you speak to the potential extension of the BTC that's been in the news this week and how you think about returns on that project ex the BTC or with the BTC? And then any thoughts on LCFS price going forward, which has been on the weaker side recently but maybe some catalysts around the scoping process and the Canada program starting next year?
Brian Mandell : I'll start with BTCs and then Rich can take LCFS. But I would say that we premised the project, Rodeo Renewed without the BTC. So that's an add-on to our economics. I think as you know, all the credits move together, so we wouldn't expect to see the full dollar but we'd expect to see some value of that in the economics going forward.
Rich Harbison : Yes. And John, it's Rich. As you alluded to there, the CARB, the California Resources Board, state agency that's responsible for managing the LCFS program, has been talking about the LCFS program and the scoping plan development in recent conversations in the Sacramento area. Just the conversation itself seems to have stabilized the LCFS credits over the last several weeks and that seems to be a good signal. However, we're still not clear as to where this whole discussion is going. There has been some talk about changing the required obligation side, which will likely result in increased credit demand. But more specifically, CARB's been discussing or proposed to discuss some changes to the CI reduction, carbon intensity reduction, that was originally targeted in 2030 as a 20% reduction. But now CARB's considering increasing that reduction to 25% to 30% by 2030. But this is all in conversation at this time. So let me emphasize that there's no certain path forward at this point. However, we do think the Rodeo Renewed project still is quite attractive. And it's -- that project is premised on lower carbon intensity feedstocks as Brian mentioned there. And with the installation of the pretreatment unit, it still puts us in quite a competitive position at the facility.
John Royall : That's really helpful. And then the next one is back to Refining. Can you talk about the turnarounds coming in at the lower end of full year guidance, if I heard that correctly? Was there any deferral there? Were you able to execute on any of your turnarounds at lower-than-expected costs? Just looking for some color there. And then maybe -- not sure if you're going to answer this, but any early look into the kind of year you might expect in 2023 relative to this year, where presumably, I would think you have some catch-up?
Rich Harbison : Yes. So this is Rich again. One of the things I'll mention, I'm quite honored to follow behind some of our previous leaders who instituted some programs here that we're now really taking advantage of. And one of those programs has been to improve our predictability of our turnaround execution. And we -- those are really now starting to take shape. And we've been able to do that by improving our planning processes, execution, onboarding, all the fundamentals of executing a turnaround. And that's paying dividends for us now. And so that's the primary reason that we're working towards the lower end of our guidance on the annual spend is really our execution performance has been much better than we anticipated actually from that part.
Mark Lashier : Yes. I think as far as this year, you're right, this year has been a catch-up year. We caught up on a lot of turnaround activity that was deferred out of the heavy COVID season because it was too risky. And we were able to save some cash outlays during volatile times. So I think you'll see the turnaround activity much lower and more typical year in 2023.
Rich Harbison : Yes. So the guidance isn't driven by deferrals of turnarounds as we've been executing those turnarounds.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Scotiabank, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: First, I want to also welcome and congratulate Mark to the -- your first conference call as the CEO.
Mark Lashier : Thank you, Paul.
Paul Cheng : Two questions. I think the first one is for Rich and the second one is for Mark. For Rich, I mean, yes, the market conditions remain very robust. By the time come next year, is there an option that you can postpone the shutdown Rodeo or that you do need to shut it down because otherwise that you have to do a major maintenance or other reasons behind? If you can just give us some idea on that? Is there any flexibility? And the second question is for Mark. Mark, I think you touched on that. I think if we look back in last decade, the strategy for the company is quite clear. There's more Midstream, more Chemical and less Refining. And at one point early on in the decade, things that even maybe in the long-term future, Refining don't need to be part of the portfolio. And as you take on the seat, what is the new look that -- from you on the longer term, given that Midstream seems to us already over-invest. If you can, say, comment on those, that would be great.
Mark Lashier : Sure. I'll let Rich take his up and then I'll follow up.
Rich Harbison : Okay, yes. Thanks for the question, Paul. Early in the second quarter, we received the land use permit from Contra Costa County to execute the Rodeo Renewed project. That included also a certified environmental impact report. That has subsequently initiated preconstruction activities. And we're on a path to significantly reduce the on-site criteria pollutants and support California's objective of producing lower life cycle carbon intensive transportation fuels, while we continue to support family wage jobs there. So I think we're on a path to execute Rodeo Renewed. I don't see that changing at this point in time. Rodeo Renewed is a very capital-efficient project, which Mark mentioned earlier. It's roughly $1 a gallon investment versus other projects that have announced that are much higher in the $2 to $3-plus range. So we see Rodeo Renewed project remaining on track for start-up in Q1 of 2024.
Jeff Dietert : And we like the economics of Rodeo Renewed. We've talked earlier in the call about the strength in the distillate market and the diesel market. And so those economics look strong.
Rich Harbison : Yes. This project supports that.
Mark Lashier : Yes. As far as the portfolio and investments, I think that we always plan and have a strategy around investing where we can create the most value. I don't think we're talking about exiting Refining. I think that we see a long-term future in Refining, but we've got to make sure that we've got the right Refining assets to deliver what the market needs in the right locations. And I think that we've done a nice job of selectively investing in retail joint ventures that have helped capture the kinds of opportunities that you saw in the second quarter. Midstream certainly as the Permian, West Texas basins came on strong. There were opportunities to put Midstream assets in to capitalize on that as the growth in production there slowed down, as consolidation occurred in upstream players, that changes that landscape. But we certainly continue to look for the right opportunities to create value around our Midstream assets, whether it's participating in consolidation or finding some pieces here or there, we can invest in that's different. There's continued strong fundamentals, long-term fundamentals in petrochemicals that we want to participate in the above GDP growth. We'll do that primarily through CPChem, but if we see opportunities where we can produce chemicals out of some of our existing Refining assets, we'll take a good look at that. And then again, I mentioned in the opening comments that if we can find very targeted high-return, quick payout projects in Refining to improve our yield, to improve our utilization, to enhance our ability to capture what the market has to offer us, we'll make those in a very disciplined way as well. So I think that it's -- the overarching strategy is driven by disciplined capital investments, finding the right way to capture value for the markets that are available to us. And then we'll be building out our Emerging Energy business, too. And we're not going to invest, though, in emerging energy opportunities just to fly an emerging energy flag. It's going to be there to create value and capture value. So that's where we're headed.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert : Thanks. We greatly appreciate your time and interest in Phillips 66. If you have any questions following today's call, please contact Shannon or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning. And welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Mark Lashier, President and COO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream. Todays presentation materials can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during todays call. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Garland: Okay, Jeff. Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the first quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $595 million or $1.32 per share. Our results were impacted by seasonally lower margins across our businesses. In March, we saw substantially improved operating earnings. In fact, March provided the majority of our first quarter earnings. Well, gasoline and distillate inventories coupled with strong demand will provide momentum as we head into the summer driving season. We generated strong operating cash flow of $1.1 billion during the first quarter and returned $404 million to shareholders in dividends. In April, we repaid $1.45 billion of debt, and earlier today, we announced that we will restart our share repurchases under our existing $2.5 billion authorization. In addition, we remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend, and plan to resume our cadence of annual dividend increases. Earlier this month, we announced that Mark Lashier will become President and CEO of Phillips 66 effective July 1. Mark will lead a company that has a solid strategy, strong leadership and outstanding employees. We are all confident that Mark will serve Phillips 66, our employees, communities and shareholders well as the right leader to position the company to thrive in the years ahead. And with that, I will turn the call over to Mark to provide additional comments.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Greg. I am excited to embark on this new role, building on the talents of our team and the strength of our assets as we continue to deliver shareholder value. We remain focused on operating excellence and advancing our strategic initiatives. We are committed to improving our competitive position across our business segments to drive future performance in any market environment. Business transformation efforts were initiated last year and a cross-functional team is focused on opportunities to sustainably optimize our costs and organizational structure across the enterprise. We are targeting a sustainable cost reduction of at least $700 million per year, which equates to about $1 per barrel. We plan to provide regular updates on our efforts over the coming year. In Midstream, we completed the buy-in of Phillips 66 Partners and at the Sweeny Hub, we expect Frac 4 to start up in the third quarter. The total project cost Frac 4 is expected to be approximately $525 million.  CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high return projects, enhancing its asset base, as well as optimizing its existing operations. CPChems total capital budget for 2022 is $1.4 billion, of which $1 billion is for growth projects with an average expected return above 20%. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high performance polyethylene. CPChem is also expanding its propylene splitting capacity by 1 billion pounds per year with a new unit located at its Cedar Bayou facility. Both projects are expected to start up in 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected this year. We continue to progress Rodeo Renewed and expect to complete the final steps of the permitting process this quarter. Completion of the conversion project is expected in early 2024. Rodeo will initially have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. In addition, the conversion will reduce emissions from the facility. The total project cost is anticipated to be approximately $850 million. Our Emerging Energy Group continues to advance opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. In March, our Humber Refinery made its first delivery of sustainable aviation fuel in the U.K. under a supply agreement with British Airways. Also during the quarter, we entered into an agreement with H2 Energy Europe to form a joint venture to develop up to 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026. During the first quarter, we added a 2050 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 50% compared with 2019 levels. The new target builds on our 2030 target announced last year. Our targets reflect our commitment to sustainability, while meeting the worlds energy needs today and in the future. Before we review financial results, we would like to recognize our employees commitment to operating excellence. We are honored that our Refining and Chemicals businesses were recently recognized for their 2021 safety performance. The AFPM recognized three of our refineries, including Sweeny, Billings and Bayway. The Sweeny Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award, which is the highest annual award the industry recognizes. In Chemicals, CPChem received two AFPM awards for its sites in Borger and Conroe, Texas. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. Now I will turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on slide four, we summarize our financial results for the quarter. Adjusted earnings were $595 million or $1.32 per share. The $158 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.27. We generated $1.1 billion of operating cash flow, including a working capital use of $115 million. We received distributions from equity affiliates of $585 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $370 million, including $221 million for growth projects. We paid $404 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with 481 million shares outstanding, including the 42 million shares issued for the PSXP merger. Moving to slide five, this slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $703 million, driven by lower results across all segments. Slide six shows our Midstream results. First quarter adjusted pretax income was $242 million, a decrease of $426 million from the previous quarter. Transportation contributed adjusted pretax income of $278 million, in line with the previous quarter. NGL and other adjusted pretax income was $91 million, compared with $138 million in the fourth quarter. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of rising prices on inventory, partially offset by improved butane and propane trading results. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub averaged a record 423,000 barrels per day and the Freeport LPG export facility loaded 43 cargoes in the first quarter. Frac 4 is ahead of schedule and we expect startup in the third quarter. DCP Midstream adjusted pretax income of $31 million was down $80 million from the previous quarter, mainly driven by unfavorable hedging impacts, partially offset by lower operating costs. The hedge loss recognized in the first quarter was approximately $50 million, compared with a hedging gain of approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter. Beginning this quarter, we are showing our investment in NOVONIX at its own sub-segment to separate it from our core Midstream businesses. This investment is mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period. The fair value of the investment, including foreign exchange impacts decreased $158 million in the first quarter, compared with an increase of $146 million in the fourth quarter. Our initial investment in the NOVONIX of $150 million had a fair value of $363 million -- $362 million at the end of the first quarter. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven. Chemicals first quarter adjusted pretax income of $396 million was down $28 million from the fourth quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins adjusted pretax income was $377 million. The $28 million decrease from the previous quarter was primarily due to lower polyethylene margins as inventories normalized, following supply disruptions last year. This was partially offset by higher sales volumes. Global O&P utilization was 99% for the quarter. Adjusted pre-tax income for SA&S was $32 million, in line with the previous quarter. During the first quarter, we received $299 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to Refining slide eight. Refining first quarter adjusted pretax income was $140 million, down from $404 million in the fourth quarter. The decrease was mainly due to lower realized margins, as well as lower clean product volumes driven by planned maintenance. Realized margins for the quarter decreased by 9% to $10.55 per barrel. Favorable impacts from higher market cracks were more than offset by higher RIN costs, lower Gulf Coast clean product realizations and secondary product margins, as well as inventory impacts. The higher RIN costs were primarily due to the fourth quarter recognition of the reduction in the 2021 compliance year obligation of approximately $230 million. Pretax turnaround costs were $102 million, down from $106 million in the prior quarter. Crude utilization was 89% in the first quarter and clean product yield was 84%. Slide nine covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the first quarter was $21.93 per barrel, compared to $17.93 per barrel in the fourth quarter. Realized margin was $10.55 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 48%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 65%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. Our refineries are more heavily weighted toward distillate production than the market indicator. The configuration impact was relatively flat quarter-on-quarter as lower clean product yield offset higher distillate cracks. Losses from secondary products of $3.05 per barrel were $1.17 per barrel higher than the previous quarter due to rising crude prices. Our feedstock advantage of $1.01 per barrel improved by, $0.83 per barrel from the prior quarter. The other category reduced realized margins by $6.42 per barrel. This category includes RINs, clean product realizations, freight costs and inventory impacts. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted first quarter pretax income was $316 million, compared with $499 million in the prior quarter. Marketing and other decreased $199 million from the prior quarter this was primarily due to lower marketing margins, mainly resulting from rising spot prices as well as seasonally lower demand. Refined product exports in the first quarter were 134,000 barrels per day. Specialties generated first quarter adjusted pretax income of $113 million, up from $97 million in the prior quarter, mainly due to higher finished lubricant margins. Slide 11 shows the change in cash during the first quarter. We had another strong quarter for cash generation. This was the fourth quarter in a row, that cash flow from operations allowed us to return cash to shareholders, invest in our business and strengthen the balance sheet. We started the quarter with a $3.1 billion cash balance. Cash from operations grew $1.1 billion, which covered $370 million of capital spend and $404 million for the dividend, while also increasing our cash balance by $188 million. Our ending cash balance was $3.3 billion. In early April, we repaid $1.45 billion of maturing debt. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I will cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the second quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the second quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low 90s and pretax turnaround expenses to be between $230 million and $250 million. We anticipate second quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $230 million and $250 million pretax. Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. And Greg, you will be missed. Congratulations on your retirement and Mark congratulations on the new role.
Greg Garland: Thank you, Neil.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Neil.
Neil Mehta: I wanted to pick up on the cost point that you talked about, the business transformation. Can you put more meat on the bones around this point and help us quantify what the upside potentially could be either on a dollar barrel basis or across the fleet?
Mark Lashier: We started this initiative last year. We are looking at the entire organization and really its more than just the cost reduction. Thats the primary focus. But we want to focus on recurring cost reduction. We want that to be a run rate. So that $700 million number, thats what we view as kind of the bare minimum that we have line of sight on and we are focused on transforming the organization to ensure that, that cost reduction is sustainable and we have got about 800 people, employees and contractors working on that. We are looking at over 1,000 initiatives. So its broad, its deep. We are looking at simplifying structures, simplifying ways of working to ensure that, that number is sustainable. So theres upside to it. I dont know that we want to quantify any particular upside, but I guarantee you that we are relentlessly pursuing every opportunity across the organization.
Neil Mehta: And Mark, thats not just in Refining, thats across the organization?
Mark Lashier: Thats correct, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Okay. All right. And then the follow-up is around return of capital. Congratulations on being able to execute the share repurchase program. Again, just talk about your strategy around this, how you think about market and so on?
Greg Garland: Well, I think I will take a stab and Kevin and Mark can come in. Neil, I think, as we think about capital allocation, we think its important to get back to a regular cadence in terms of the dividend and increasing the dividend. So that point was made, I think, in the opening comments. Certainly, share repurchases, we laid those down in 2020, as a result of the pandemic to preserve cash and I think its just time to get back to that. One of the great things, I think, that our opportunities we have is this tailwind we see in our base business in Refining. We are going to have excess cash. I think thats going to give us the opportunity to increase the dividend, buy shares back, pay down some more debt, at the same time build some cash on the balance sheet. But I would say, we are -- as a team, our Board of Directors, we are laser-focused on improving total shareholder return for our company.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, guys.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Good afternoon, Greg, I also wanted to say congratulations on a fantastic career. You have always been such a balanced spokesman and visionary for the energy sector and you will definitely be missed.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Phil.
Phil Gresh: If I could follow up, I guess, just around shareholder returns, how do you think about like the pacing? I mean are you ready to move back to the 60-40. You have talked about -- Kevin, I think you have talked about a $12 billion gross debt target. Is that where you are still kind of highballing at this point and how much cash do you want to maintain on a regular basis? Thank you. 
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Neil, so the $12 billion gross debt target puts us back to where we were before the pandemic. And while that target is still out there, we feel that we are now -- we are on a pace to where we have taken care of $3 billion of the $4 billion we added. Cash generation is strong. The outlook, at least in the near-term is very optimistic. And so we feel comfortable that we can get back into share repurchases while [Audio Gap] 60-40. And so we are going to be -- we will have some balance between reinvesting in the business through the capital program, which we have said about $2 billion in aggregate for the next couple of years, returning funds to shareholders through the dividend. We are back in share repurchases, but also working on the balance sheet with a continued -- some form of cadence to debt reduction and increased cash as you highlighted. You look over the last year and our quarterly cash balance, I think, has increased every quarter-on-quarter. And while that trend will not necessarily continue forever, we do feel comfortable that having a cash balance that we used to say sort of $1 billion to $1.5 billion sort of minimum cash level, we are probably looking more at a $2 billion to $3 billion level that we feel more comfortable with on an ongoing basis and its not that we need that much cash, but they just provide us more flexibility.
Greg Garland: I think maybe whats also been left unsaid here this morning is, we have kind of given guidance about being a very disciplined around our capital investments at our company. And then we have kind of guided to $2 billion or less for this year and next year, and I would say, that guidance is still on the table this morning.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thank you. A follow-up question on Refining, I guess, interesting comment that most of the money was made in March, it makes sense relative to what peers have said. You do have some higher maintenance, I guess, in the second quarter. As you look at the full year, are you still sticking with the $800 million to $900 million of maintenance, and if you could just elaborate a bit on the central corridor performance where there was a loss in the quarter. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Okay. I will take a shot. I think theres three questions there, but I will get them all. So I think we were -- we had primarily maintenance activity in the month of March and really the back half of March as the weather warmed up in the north, which allowed us to get into turnaround mode again, primarily in the central corridor. So we were -- we entered into that. We will have most of our turnaround activity wrapped up by mid-May, and certainly, all of our conversion units will be back online kind of middle of the month. It really positions us well then to run very strong throughout the summer driving season and we wont come back to any significant turnaround activity until after Labor Day. I think on total activity for the year, we are really looking at -- we have executed our first half plan, and for the most part has gone really according to what we planned. Second half, we continue to look at primarily catalyst type change out turnarounds. And do we have a catalyst life left and we pushed some of those turnarounds into next year. We have got some opportunity there, I think, in the back half of the year to squeak some of those out into next spring or maybe even next fall. So we are constantly trying to re-optimize around all that. The other thing I would say about the Central Corridor results is, we had a pretty good headwind in the Central Corridor with our lagged Canadian crude buying program. So that that was a significant impact on a timing basis to what we saw as the results in the Central Corridor and it all basically lands there for us in our system. So thats a timing issue. It has a lot to do with how quickly the crude ran up, particularly in the back couple of weeks of the quarter. We will get that back over time as crude prices come off as they seem to always do and then we will see it come back.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. And just, Phil, in terms of the impact of that in the Central Corridor, its about a $3 per barrel on the realized margin impact through that crude timing effect.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks everyone. Greg, needless to say, I will add my thanks and congratulations to both you guys and I hope we get -- I am trying to encourage Jeff to do a retirement dinner for the sell-side, Greg. So, hopefully, I think
Greg Garland: Okay.
Doug Leggate:  you can make. So going 
Greg Garland: I thought you are buying, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Well, I will move mountains to be there, but thanks for to know your insights and help over the years. Mark, look forward to seeing how you steer the company. So, first, I have got two. One big picture question, I also ask -- I want to ask a bit of a philosophical question perhaps for both of you guys. First of all, on the industry level, look, we have obviously, I think, you are all familiar with our opinion on where we think we stand right now. But you have Humber, and like Valero, you have insights to whats happening in Europe, and obviously, you are also responsible for shutting down to the facilities in the U.S. by the time we get to the end of next year. So when you look at the structural shift that we appear to be going through right now, I am just curious what you are thinking in terms of, are we seeing the U.S. move to a whole new level kind of mid-cycle advantage, if you like, relative to international, dare I say, European peers, and obviously, Humber gives you some insights to that?
Bob Herman: Yeah. Doug, this is Bob. I will take a shot and others can come in over the top. I think the last time we talked, I think, it was at the beginning of your call on the golden age of Refining we are talking about the structural differences.
Doug Leggate: U.S. Refining.
Bob Herman: Yeah.
Doug Leggate: Yeah.
Bob Herman: U.S. Refining. And at the time, right, gas prices were just, they were skyrocketing in Europe and we had inside Humber. Humber being by far the strongest refiner in the U.K. and a very strong refiner in Europe in particular and one that doesnt use a lot of fuel gas, right? We are structurally advantaged there with the large coking capacity and generating most of our own needs, but it gave us a view. And at the time, Humber was just kind of in a breakeven position. So we talked about the fact that European refiners had to be underwater and that the market would have to move to incent those marginal refiners to keep running and get back to making diesel. And in fact, thats exactly what we have seen happen, right? Diesel cracks have come up to incent that Humbers return to good profitability and the whole market works. Sometimes it takes a while for that structure to kind of get itself right, but again, the market worked. I dont really see this changing anytime, right? Gas prices are up in the U.S., but certainly not anywhere near what we are seeing yet in Europe, and it really puts us at a structural advantage. If you add in the fact that Europe is basically hydrocracker-based, they use a lot of hydrogen, you got to buy a lot of fuel gas to make hydrogen for the most part, it does give us a cost advantage and one that should translate all the way back through improved kind of mid-cycle margins for U.S. Refining versus the rest of the Western Hemisphere. Brian, if you have got anything you want to add?
Brian Mandell: Bob, I would just add that in the U.K. where we have our large refinery gas prices have come off quite a bit. Last night settled at $16 an MMBtu versus most of Europe, which is still over $30. But our guesstimate is about $8 to $9 benefit through the U.S. versus the EU, given the price of natural gas here and the price of natural gas in EU currently.
Mark Lashier: And probably an advantage also on crude feedstock with light sweet crudes having been traded up in Europe relative to the U.S.
Doug Leggate: Of course, well, Bob, just for everyone listening, your insights were extremely valuable as we prepared that thought. Thank you for that. So, guys, my philosophical thought, and Greg, and Mark, I think, when we look back over the last five years, the volatility of the challenges that you guys, Greg, in particular, have had to navigate, your strategy obviously moved to be more defensive, if I say, diversified from Refining. And obviously, if we have got this reset going forward, you are perhaps a little less exposed than some of your peers. So when we look at your relative share performance over that five-year period, it seems to us you behave more like an integrator than a refiner. So I am curious, Mark, as you look forward, how do you think about differentiating the investment case relative to that, lets say, pure-play Refining peer group as opposed to the more, I guess, glacial kind of share buyback type of situation we are now starting to see with some of the majors? How do you think about the relative investment case? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that, Doug, the relative investment case really revolves around a couple of different things. We -- first of all, we want to make sure that we take care of our refineries, that we operate them well. They are going to -- you have referenced the North American golden age. We want to make sure that we are able to be a full participant in that. But then as we generate cash, what do we do with that? I think theres a number of things we want to do around Refining to position our refineries for the long-term, so to drive them more towards the refinery of the future, maybe producing more petrochemicals. We will continue, as you look for growth opportunities through CPChem, they have got two mega projects teed up, but they have got several midsized projects and then they have got a lot of debottlenecks that build on their advantage. So they have got good, high return opportunities to drive down the refining side of things. And then we continue to look for where we are going to play in emerging energies and we see some real opportunities to leverage our existing assets and to leverage our technologies to create sustainable value in Emerging Energy. So think about it as -- and then theres Midstream that we have got opportunities in Midstream to both optimize our Midstream asset base,. as well as drive some consolidation there. So we have got that leg as well. So we will continue to drive down those segments, each a little unique, but each delivering value in its own way.
Doug Leggate: Understood. Thanks a lot. Congratulations again, Greg.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning. And yes, my congratulations to you, Greg, and to you, Mark, for getting to take over and step into a big pair of shoes to fill.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. They are big indeed. Thanks, Brian.
Roger Read: Just to jump on in here. I guess, the first thing, if I look at your presentation, I know I am going to make Jeff squirm a little bit here. But the -- well, the amount that you can earn in terms of guidance on diesel margins, and Greg, this will be near and dear to your heart and you have talked so many times about Phillips really benefits from diesel or the distillate crack. I am not even going to throw the numbers out there if I were to calculate off of New York harbor diesel crack right now? But what is the right way for us to think about what Phillips can do in this environment? I know you got turnarounds but everybody always has turnarounds. Just how we should think about some of that guidance and some of the capture possibilities on the Refining side?
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think the focus is going to be on operating well and being in the market and able to take advantage of the margins that are available. I think we have talked about some of the exposures that we have on diesel on heavy sour dips on prem cokes and all of those environments look favorable as we look into the summer months. I think theres some moving parts. We were hindered this quarter on timing issues in the Gulf Coast on product timing and in the Central Corridor on crude purchasing and timing issues there. So I think those will normalize out and we will see that profitability show up in later periods.
Roger Read: Okay. But, I mean, I guess, just to clarify, is the -- should we presume that the broad guidance is still pretty reasonable even at these levels? Theres not some sort of deterioration we should think about and capture as we go forward?
Jeff Dietert: No. I dont think we see that. I mean, Brian can speak to what we are seeing in the current market. Its hard to predict the net income but I watch cash and we have seen just cash just strengthening as we have come in the back half of March and on into April. And so, I mean, to me that suggests that capture rates are definitely have improved. Brian, I will let you comment.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. I would add that, as Jeff said, timing is an issue so prices continue to increase from here. There will be a lag in terms of the amount of money that we can capture, but we will capture that over time. But in terms of the crack margins, we are absolutely in a position to capture those and we do every day.
Mark Lashier: I think one thing I would emphasize, Roger, just the amount of volatility that we are seeing on a daily basis with crude trading in a $5 to $10 a barrel range on a daily basis, and products, especially diesel trading in wide range on a daily basis, that average crack you see at the end of the day, there was a lot done across that period of time. And so, I think, when we see this kind of volatility, the indicators are not going to be as accurate as they typically are when volatility is not so high.
Roger Read: Thats fair. Theres a lot of room for error, given where cracks are right now. One follow-up question, the $700 million cost savings goal, how does that fit into what was laid out in the fall of 2019 and I know a lot of things happened since the fall of 2019? But how should we think about that $700 million within the overall framework that was laid out at that point?
Mark Lashier: Roger, this is going to build on what we did around Advantage 66. There were a lot of things done there, a lot of value capture and some things were moved out into the future, some things were captured in a one-off fashion, a lot of digital innovation was introduced, and we are going to leverage those innovations to simplify what we do to drive efficiencies in the organization. So this is additive to that.
Roger Read: So should we think about -- its just a logical next step in the process? Its not iterative as opposed to like something brand new or radically different?
Mark Lashier: Well, this -- yeah. Its building on that. Its probably getting more into the organization structure as well and how we can capture efficiencies and transform how we drive our business. We are not going to change what we do but how we do it, I think, will become more efficient. So I think it does build on it and is additive to that.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. Theres a substantial incremental effort thats going in place now.
Roger Read: No. Understood. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Ryan Todd: Hey. Thanks. Maybe a follow-up on Chemicals from some of your comments earlier. First quarter was a very strong quarter. I think we came into this year and I think your messaging had been expecting margins to trend back towards mid-cycle levels from the peaks that we saw last year, but it seems like they may have inflected a little bit higher lately. And can you talk about how you see the market trending from here? And how market dynamics in crude and natural gas pricing are driving relative advantages in your portfolio versus European and Asian plants?
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. I think that your closing comment really touched on it that since the last call, with crude moving up and ethane to a crude advantage becoming enhanced, thats driven margins wider for CPChem and the entire industry and we are well-positioned to take advantage of ethane both here in the U.S. and in the Middle East. So thats there and I think that thats going to persist. You are going to see the ethane extraction value driven to a point to attract more ethane out as more consumption comes online. That consumption is going to provide a headwind in new capacity as we go into seasonally stronger margins. So you kind of see those two things balancing off each other. So we see kind of a status quo in those margins going forward into the next quarter.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thats helpful. Thats helpful. And then maybe can you talk about any update that you have on timing of permits at Rodeo, the next steps in the process there and maybe what you have seen in terms of the operating environment for the renewable diesel volumes that you have been able to produce so far year-to-date?
Bob Herman: Yeah. Its Bob. The permitting process is really moving forward quite well and as we expected. We have had conditional approval from the Planning Commission in Contra Costa County. As usual in that part of the world, it was appealed. It goes to the County Board supervisors who have actually set a special meeting to address our permit on May 3rd. Coming out of that, we would expect the Board of Supervisors to grant the permit and allow us to start work shortly after that. Everything we can see, we have got good support in that community. Realize that while theres a great drive in California to have alternative vehicles and everything else in the marketplace, that renewable diesel is a needed fuel now and the quicker we can get going, the quicker we can get the unit up and running and starting to provide those fuels to the California driving public. So we expect that permit to come here just very, very shortly. On the Unit 250, the renewables we have been running there, we continue to see profitability on that unit. And really what we have come to understand is that the price of soybean oil, the price of California diesel, the price of low carbon fuel standard, credits, RINs, cap and trade, they all seem to sort of work in concert to incent us to continue to make renewable diesel and put it in the marketplace. So, we are very encouraged by what we see there kind of on the commercial side and we are very happy with what we have learned on the operating side about how to run bean oil type feedstocks through the units. So we are really looking forward to the next phase and getting Rodeo Renewed permitted hopefully next week and then get going and looking for startup in early 2024.
Brian Mandell: And I would add, we are able to get all the volume out of Unit 250 to the end consumer through our retail and wholesale network in California.
Ryan Todd: Thats great. And congratulations, Greg, on your retirement and Mark on the new position. Its been a pleasure with both
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Thanks.
Operator: Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Manav Gupta: I have more of a strategy question here. For a long time Midstream was a growth vehicle for PSX to grow earnings. Now you have brought in PSXP. How should we think about Midstream growth here? Is it basically going to be a small growth or if you actually come across a really good opportunity which is even capital-intensive, then you would still be willing to invest capital and grow the Midstream business, even though PSXP doesnt exist? So, help us understand now, where does Midstream sit in terms of your overall growth strategy going ahead?
Tim Roberts: Manav, this is Tim. Thanks for the question. Hey. When you think about it with the roll-up, that simplification helps us both commercially, as well as takes out some complexities in dealing with reporting and what we do and takes out some cost in that process. So you roll it out, but our strategy really hasnt changed. Fundamentally, yes, we were on a very fast growth trajectory, a lot of opportunities, we built out the MLP and built out our Midstream business. But as we have said before, we have slowed that down because the pipes appear to be in place. Infrastructure is well caught up. So in our world, we are looking at optimization and how we can best find incremental high return opportunities and optimize our set, as well as build out our further NGL integration. So, if the right opportunity comes up, its going to compete like all our projects do and if it meets the right threshold and its the right thing to do overall from PSXP, it would be considered. But outside of that, we are really optimizing the kit at this point in time.
Manav Gupta: And then the second is more on the growing the energy transition business. So, I think, the first part of the question is obviously, you have a very good project in Rodeo. Would you like to do it all alone, because some of what you are seeing out there is people bringing in partners for capital and other expertise? So the first part of the question is, would you like to keep it the renewable diesel project on to yourself or you are open to a partner? And second part is, besides this bigger project of Rodeo, what else can PSX do to grow its cleaner fuel franchise or energy transition business? Thank you.
Greg Garland: Well, I would say with Rodeo, we have it funded through our capital program this year and next so we dont need a partner in that way. Some folks have gotten a partner because they need a commercial expertise. We have a very strong commercial organization. We have been buying used cooking oil for a long time. As you know, we have a deal with a soybean producer. We have soybean, canola oil, distilled corn oil in the Rodeo Unit 250. We met with tallow producers and have leads to buy tallow as well. So we are in a very good position. Our marketing business is building out portfolio, so we can sell the renewable diesel to the end users. So we dont really need the expertise that others might need and we dont need the funding.
Mark Lashier: As far as other opportunities, we are doing things at our Humber Refinery today. The rules are a little different in the U.K. than they are in the U.S., so they can co-process renewable feedstocks through their facility and they are producing sustainable aviation fuel today that they are supplying to British Airways. And so there are British Airways planes flying today using sustainable aviation fuel from Humber. We can also -- if the economics drive it, we can produce sustainable aviation fuel at Rodeo when we have the facility fully on stream and so its going to be, what are the economic drivers? We are looking at other opportunities, other technical routes to sustainable aviation fuel. They are still under development. But, ultimately, we think that sustainable aviation fuel has legs. Its difficult to fly planes with things other than hydrocarbons. And we have had a number of airlines, a number of jet manufacturers approach us helping to look for solutions for their future. So we see both renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel as great opportunities.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and I want to offer my congratulations to Greg as well. May your peace of mind go up and your handicap go down, Greg and congratulations, Mark, on the new role.
Mark Lashier: Thanks.
Theresa Chen: I wanted to revisit the discussion on Chem. Just because your margin came in a lot stronger than your indicator and sensitivity would have suggested. How much of this is owed to the portion of your sales that are contracted by nature versus sold on a spot basis, and if you can, can you help us break down like the portion of each on a run rate basis?
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that in that universe, theres -- the contractual commitments are a little [Audio Gap] bit fuzzier than you might be used to in other environments. So I dont know that theres -- that they are seeing any margin capture do that. CPChems margins contracted substantially less than the IHS marker. And I think that, that has to do with product mix more than anything. The high density business that is their primary driver. It came up a little slower than the marker and now its coming off slower than the market. And so, its really driven by that and perhaps some discipline in how they are managing the business. But I dont know that theres a great driver in their contractual position that you can attribute that to.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And on the OpEx reduction side, the $700 million number, just to clarify, does that compare to the state of OpEx where you had alliance within your system or is that pro forma of the line shut down?
Mark Lashier: That is in addition to the alliance shutdown.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Matthew Blair from TPH. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Greg, congrats on a great run. And Mark, congrats on the new role here. Mark, my question is on the Chem side. I think in the past, you have talked about opportunities in hydrogen but more so, on the Refining side and so, I was wondering, if CPChem has any hydrogen opportunities, and if so, could you maybe flesh those out?
Mark Lashier: CPChem really is a technically a producer of hydrogen out of the large steam crackers. They have got relationships often that allow them to monetize that. It has to be cleaned up. But -- or some of it is consumed as fuel in the facility. So there probably is an opportunity for CPChem to grow that presence as they grow their cracking capabilities.
Matthew Blair: Okay. And then could you talk about the general trend in marketing margins so far in the second quarter, has there been any sort of recovery compared to the low numbers in Q1?
Kevin Mitchell: Generally, marketing margins are better in the second quarter, just seasonality. The headwind we have typical marketing margins now are the rising prices keep margins. Margins dont move as quickly as the rising prices in the marketplace. So we will see -- we would expect to do slightly better next quarter but we will see depending on where the prices of products go.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: Jason Gabelman from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open
Jason Gabelman: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats, Greg, on your retirement and Mark on the new role. I have two. The first, theres been some conflicting comments between what the DOE is putting out and what some of your peers are saying in terms of demand, particularly on the gasoline side and so I am wondering if you are seeing demand destruction in your system, consistent with what the DOE has been showing weekly or if demand is holding up? And then my second question is kind of, I guess, a broader longer-term Refining question. Greg, you have probably been more bearish than your peers on the refining margin outlook in the past. This is obviously a pretty insanely strong margin environment that we are in right now. I am just wondering how you expect this all to play out over time and if these higher margins are here for a good while or if you will see some maybe normalization and what would drive that? Thanks 
Greg Garland: So I will take a stab and then Brian can come out. So, I mean, we had the luxury of a diversified portfolio, so we have had the opportunity to be bullish about other parts of our business. And for the most part, I think we are probably right on those calls and you think about -- we started at 2012 with $450 million of EBITDA at Midstream and we are $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion today. So, really kind of the strategy of growing a more highly valued business in terms of multiple some of the parts, et cetera. I would tell you though that as we are coming into this year on the Refining business. We are probably as constructive on Refining. So we have been in a long time. I think thats a combination of the capacity that we have seen shutdown over the last 24 months. The capacity newbuilds has either been delayed or slowed down thats coming on where we see global inventories today and where we see global demand. So I think that whole combination together really puts us in what I think is going to be a mid-cycle or a better environment for Refining for the next 12 months, 24 months time. And Brian, you can comment on what we are seeing in real time.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Jason. Its Brian. So in terms of demand in the U.S., we are seeing everywhere, but on the West Coast, demand back to 2019 levels. On the West Coast, they got out of COVID a little later than the rest of the country and prices have been particularly high, so we have seen a bit of demand trimming. So they are a little bit lower. But we have seen very good demand. On the distillate side, demand over 2019 globally. So we are pretty happy there as well. I think our inventories are really the driver, gasoline inventories, of five-year lows and distillate inventories are the lowest they have been since May of 2008 and PAD1 the lowest its been since April of 1996. So with these low inventories, we would expect to see strong demand going forward.
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning in your times. Greg, just congratulation for your retirement, has been a fun 10-year ride, and Mark, congratulations on the new role going forward. Two questions, I think, at the one year is a really short one. At the beginning of the year, I think, the company has put out a turnaround expense, call it, $800 million to $900 million. Based on earlier comments, is that still a good estimate or that number has been changed, because it doesnt look like you have mentioned, theres a lot of major turnaround? Theres more catalyst change and the first half of the year, the spending is only about, say, probably, $330 million or $350 million kind of range. So I want to see that how certainly look at the overall spending level from the turnaround standpoint? Secondly, if the company believe the energy transition is happening and may even see at some point. In your Midstream business, your transportation system is linked directly to the gasoline and diesel demand in this country. And so from that standpoint, maybe this is a curve for Mark, longer term over the next three or four years, will the company start to deemphasize or maybe the scale back in that segment and trying to reposition and put the capital into some sales?
Mark Lashier: I will take a shot at the turnaround again. As we talked, we are finishing up the turnaround program that we had for the first half and we have guided towards a total of about $340 million of spend in the first part of this year. During the summer or during gasoline season, right, we are prepared to run hard and so we wont have any turnarounds again until the fall. We continue to look at all of our turnarounds that are in the back half of the year, catalyst life and can we push those out. We expect to push some of those turnarounds out. We are not ready to update the budget. But I think you can expect that we will spend less money on turnarounds than we originally guided to as we are able to slide some of those out of the back half of 2022 into 2023.
Tim Roberts: Paul, on the energy transition impact on the Midstream assets, we have got a diversity of pipelines in our Midstream business. And you go from the NGL side, which we think has got tremendous upside potential for the long-term, primarily delivering to petrochemical facilities and exports, things like propane and butane as well and so we see a very, very long horizon for those pipes. The crude pipes bringing crude into our refineries and then taking refined clean products out of those refineries, those will evolve with what our refineries produce and we believe that liquid hydrocarbons are going to be around for a long time, but we are going to look at ways to lower the carbon intensity of the products, lower the carbon intensity of the operations. There may be opportunities to repurpose those assets for other molecules that will emerge from the energy transition. So we are always looking at how we can maximize the value of our Midstream assets, repurpose them. We do that today and we will do that in the future as well.
Operator: Prashant Rao with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Prashant Rao: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and Id like to echo congratulations, Greg. Its been great getting to know you and hearing your outlook and all your thoughts on the energy industry at large, and Mark, look forward to working with you more and congratulations. I will keep it to one. Just on Chemicals and this is a bit bigger picture. You talked about incremental projects that are north of 20% return on invested capital. And looking back, the last time several years ago when there was an announced expansion and you had projects in the queue, is a higher margin environment and you targeted pretty good returns. And since then, what happened is we all know the margin environment kind of depressed. But you were still able to hit targets. You were at high teens, low 20s ROCEs, combination of expenses, volume increases. I am curious because there seems to be history sometimes doesnt repeat itself but it sometimes rhymes. We are coming out of a high margin environment in Chemicals right now and it seems to be settling slowly. So just wondering, as you look ahead with the cost takeout, where the margin outlook is on the volumes, can you kind of triangulate? You have done it before, obviously, historically, its shown up. You are able to hit those return targets. But as you look forward now, just could you help piece together what are the levers to ensure that, that sort of the lower end of the return range we could be with it just like you did, I guess, post 2014, and I will leave it with that.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Thanks guys. Its a great question. CPChems got a long history of executing mega projects and have really never tried to time them to any particular market conditions. They focus on the fundamentals. The long-term growth in ethylene demand, the long-term growth in polyethylene demand, both at a multiple of GDP as we go forward. And so thats what drives the opportunities. And then we think about that growth, we put those assets where we can access low cost feedstocks. And today and for the foreseeable future, we see that as ethane. Thats why you see us doing something in the U.S. around our U.S. Gulf Coast two project. Thats why you see us looking at another project in Qatar to take advantage of large baseload infrastructure and advantaged feedstocks that we can tap into. And I think thats what delivers the long-term value, staying focused on those fundamentals and not getting caught up in any short-term dislocations and then having an outstanding ability to take those products into the marketplace and capture value consistently around the planet.
Prashant Rao: Thank you for your answer. Appreciate that.
Operator: We have reached the end of todays call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Erica. And thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have further questions, please contact Shannon or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sia, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, And welcome to Phillips 66 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Mark Lashier, President and COO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream. Todays presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during todays presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Garland: Okay, Jeff. Thank you. Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. In the fourth quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.3 billion or $2.94 per share. For the year, adjusted earnings were $2.5 billion or $5.70 per share. We delivered record results in Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties, demonstrating the strength of our diversified portfolio. For the third quarter in a row, we saw improved Refining performance. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the outlook for our business. In 2021, our employees exemplified the companys values of safety, honor and commitment. Our 2021 combined workforce total recordable rate of 0.12 was more than 25 times better than U.S. manufacturing average. Last year, our strong cash flow generation allowed us to invest $1.9 billion back into the business, returned $1.6 billion to shareholders and paid down $1.5 billion of debt. The 2022 capital program of $1.9 billion reflects our commitment to capital discipline. Approximately 45% of our growth capital this year will support lower carbon opportunities, including Rodeo Renewed. As cash flow improves further, we will prioritize shareholder returns and debt repayment. In October, we increased the quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. We would like to resume share repurchases this year and on our path towards getting back to pre-COVID debt levels over the next couple of years. We are taking steps to position Phillips 66 for the long-term competitiveness. Across our businesses we are assessing opportunities for permanent cost reactions. Mark and Kevin are leading this initiative, and we will provide additional details on the first quarter call in April. We are committed to a lower carbon future, while continuing to deliver our vision of providing energy and improving lives around the globe. We announced targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity last year. By 2030, we plan to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 30%, and Scope 3 emissions by 15% compared to 2019 levels. So, with that, I will turn the call over to Mark to provide some more details.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, we had strong earnings from Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties, and we saw continued recovery in Refining profitability. We made progress advancing our growth projects, as well as taking strategic actions to position Phillips 66 for the future. In Midstream, we began commercial operations of Phillips 66 Partners, C2G Pipeline at the Sweeny Hub construction of Frac 4 is 50% complete and we expect to begin operations in the fourth quarter of this year. CPChem is investing in a portfolio of high-return projects growing its asset base, as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high-performance polyethylene. CPChem is also expanding its propylene splitting capacity by 1 billion pounds per year with a new unit located at its Cedar Bayou facility, both projects are expected to start up in 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. In addition, CPChem completed its first commercial sales of Marlex Anew Circular Polyethylene, which uses advanced recycling technology to convert difficult to recycle plastic waste into high quality raw materials. CPChem successfully processed pyrolysis oil in a certified commercial-scale trial and is targeting annual production of 1 billion pounds of circular polyethylene by 2030. During the year, we began renewable diesel production at the San Francisco Refinery and continued to progress Rodeo Renewed, which is expected to be completed in early 2024 subject to permitting and approvals. Upon completion, Rodeo will initially have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. The conversion will reduce emissions from the facility and produce lower carbon transportation fuels. In Marketing, we acquired a commercial fleet fueling business in California providing further placement opportunities for Rodeo renewable diesel production to end-use customers. Additionally, our retail marketing joint venture in the Central region acquired 85 sites in December, bringing the total to approximately 200 sites acquired in 2021. These sites support long-term product placement and extend our participation in the retail value chain. Our Emerging Energy Group is advancing opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. We recently signed a technical development agreement with NOVONIX to accelerate the development of next-generation materials for the U.S. battery supply chain. We own a 16% stake in the company, extending our presence in the battery value chain. In December, we entered into a multiyear agreement with British Airways to supply sustainable aviation fuel produced by our Humber Refining -- Refinery beginning this year. For 2022, we will execute our strategy with a focus on operating excellence and cost management. We will do our part to advance the lower carbon future, while maintaining discipline capital allocation and an emphasis on returns. Now, I will turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide 4, we summarize our financial results for the year. Adjusted earnings were $2.5 billion or $5.70 per share. We generated $6 billion of operating cash flow or $3.9 billion, excluding working capital. These results reflect our highest annual earnings for the Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties segments. Cash distributions from equity affiliates totaled $3 billion, including a record $1.6 billion from CPChem. We ended 2021 with a net debt to capital ratio of 34%. Our adjusted after-tax return on capital employed for the year was 9%. Slide 5 shows the change in cash during the year. We started the year with $2.5 billion in cash. Cash from operations was $6 billion. This included a working capital benefit of $2.1 billion, mainly due to the receipt of tax refunds, as well as the impact of rising prices on our net payable position. During the year, we paid down $1.5 billion of debt. In November, both S&P and Moodys revised their outlooks from negative to stable. We are committed to further deleveraging as we continue to prioritize our strong investment-grade credit ratings. We funded $1.9 billion of capital spending and returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through dividends. Our ending cash balance increased to $3.1 billion. Slide 6 summarizes our fourth quarter results. Adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion or $2.94 per share. We generated operating cash flow of $1.8 billion, including a working capital benefit of $412 million and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $757 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $597 million, $265 million was for growth projects, which included approximately $100 million for retail investments in the Marketing business. We paid $403 million in dividends. Moving to Slide 7, this slide highlights the change in adjusted results from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, a decrease of $105 million. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was 20% for the fourth quarter. Slide 8 shows our Midstream results. Fourth quarter adjusted pretax income was $668 million, an increase of $26 million from the previous quarter. Transportation contributed adjusted pretax income of $273 million, up $19 million from the prior quarter. The increase mainly reflects the recognition of deferred revenue. NGL and other adjusted pretax income was $284 million, compared with $357 million in the third quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower unrealized investment gains related to NOVONIX, partially offset by higher volumes at Sweeny Hub and favorable inventory impacts. Our investment in NOVONIX is mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period. The total value of the investment, including foreign exchange impacts increased $146 million in the fourth quarter, compared to an increase of $224 million in the third quarter. The fractionators at the Sweeny Hub averaged a record 417,000 barrels per day and the Freeport LPG export facility loaded a record 45 cargoes in the fourth quarter. DCP Midstream adjusted pretax income of $111 million, was up $80 million from the previous quarter, mainly due to favorable hedging impacts in the fourth quarter, compared to negative hedge results in the third quarter. The actual hedge benefit recognized in the fourth quarter amounted to approximately $50 million. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 9. Chemicals fourth quarter adjusted pretax income of $424 million was down $210 million from the third quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins adjusted pretax income was $405 million. The $208 million decrease from the previous quarter was primarily due to lower polyethylene margins, reduced sales volumes, as well as increased utility costs. Global O&P utilization was 97% for the quarter. Adjusted pretax income for SA&S was $37 million, compared with $36 million in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, we received $479 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to Refining on Slide 10. Refining fourth quarter adjusted pretax income was $404 million, an improvement of $220 million from the third quarter, driven by higher realized margins and improved volumes. This was partially offset by higher costs. Realized margins for the quarter increased by 35% to $11.60 per barrel. Impacts from lower market crack spreads were more than offset by lower RIN costs from a reduction in our estimated 2021 compliance year obligation and lower RIN prices. In addition, we had favorable inventory impacts and improved clean product differrentials. Refining adjusted results reflect approximately $230 million related to the EPAs proposed reduction of the RVO, of which about 75% applies to the first three quarters of the year. Pretax turnaround costs were $106 million, up from $81 million in the prior quarter. Crude utilization was 90% in the fourth quarter and clean product yield was 86%. Slide 11 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the fourth quarter was $17.93 per barrel, compared to $19.44 per barrel in the third quarter. Realized margin was $11.60 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 65%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 44%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. Our refineries are more heavily weighted toward distillate production and the market indicator. During the quarter, the distillate crack increased $3.10 per barrel and the gasoline crack decreased $3.76 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $1.88 per barrel improved $0.10 per barrel from the previous quarter, due to increased butane blending into gasoline. Our feedstock advantage of $0.18 per barrel improved by $0.17 per barrel from the prior quarter. The other category reduced realized margins by $2.02 per barrel. This category includes RINs, freight costs, clean product realizations and inventory impacts. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 12. Adjusted fourth quarter pretax income was $499 million, compared with $547 million in the prior quarter. Marketing and other decreased $52 million from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to lower marketing fuel margins and volumes, as well as higher costs. Specialties generated fourth quarter adjusted pretax income of $97 million, up from $93 million in the prior quarter. On Slide 13, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pretax costs of $245 million, an increase of $15 million from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to higher employee-related costs and net interest expense. Slide 14 shows the change in cash during the fourth quarter. We had another strong quarter for cash. This is the third consecutive quarter that our operating cash flow enabled us to return cash to shareholders, invest in the business, pay down debt, while increasing our cash balance. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I will cover a few outlook items for the first quarter and the full year. In Chemicals, we expect the first quarter Global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the first quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the high-80s and pretax turnaround expenses to be between $120 million and $150 million. We anticipate first quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $230 million and $250 million pretax. For 2022, we plan full year turnaround expenses to be between $800 million and $900 million pretax. We expect Corporate and Other costs to be in the range of $900 million to $950 million pretax for the year. We anticipate full year D&A of about $1.4 billion, and finally, we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the 20% to 25% range. Now, we will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team. Greg, good morning. Greg and Kevin, first question for you on, how you are thinking about normalized cash flow? If I look at the back half of 2021, ex working capital, you put up almost $3 billion of cash flow, so annualized, close to $6 billion. I think a lot of us use $5 billion to $6 billion of sort of that normalized cash flow range. But Greg, you have been clear that you think its kind of closer to $6 billion to $7 billion. And so just your thoughts on whether thats still how you are thinking about mid-cycle and the underlying buildup to that $6 billion to $7 billion, if you can kind of walk through the world of your different segments of how you get there would be great.
Greg Garland: I will be happy to do that. I mean, I dont think we really changed from our view of $6 billion to $7 billion. Of course, its nice to see $6 billion of cash last year. It just happened to occur in different buckets that you might expect from a traditional cycle. So I think we have been signaling in the last couple of months. We are pretty constructive on the Refining business coming into 2022. And if you think about the rest of the businesses, they have actually performed at or better than mid-cycle all through the pandemic in 2020 and into 2021. We remain pretty constructive on those businesses coming into 2022 at all. So really, for us, a wildcard has really been Refining and when has Refining recovered back to something approaching a mid-cycle. But just to remember how it all builds up on an EBITDA basis kind of $4-ish billion in Refining, kind of $2 billion in Midstream, $2 billion in Chemicals and $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion in Marketing and Specialties, it pushes you to something like $9-ish billion of EBITDA, which translates to $6 billion to $7 billion of cash. And so I think we are pretty comfortable that we are kind of still in that range. Obviously, we have had some outperformance. I mean, last year, all driven by great operations, fundamentally good control of their costs and then super margins. Our Marketing and Specialties businesses, which we typically would say is, a $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion business was $2 billion. And of course, we have been investing in adding retail our joint ventures. But I think its really great execution on the operations side, particularly in the U.S., but also in our European operations, where we saw good volumes, good margins across that. And so I would say that we are probably on the upside of that. So given $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow, our first dollar is always going to go to sustaining capital, thats $1 billion, dividend is $1.6 billion and then that leaves room for us. We can signal that the capital budget is going to be $2 billion or less, so we are $1.9 billion for this year. Thats a deliberate signaling that for this year or next year, we are going to be very constrained on capital, that frees us up to pursue some debt repayment and get back to share repurchases, while doing a little bit of growth. And so I think we make that all balance as we think about that. Now Kevin or Jeff, if you want to add to that, please step in or more
Kevin Mitchell: No. I think you covered it all.
Greg Garland: Okay. Good.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Greg. And thats the logical follow-up for me, which is how you are thinking about share repurchases, again the focus has been to get the debt level lower. Looks like the ratings agencies are giving you the - all clear at least that things are moving in the right direction. So what are the gating factors for you to begin a share repurchase program and how do you think about sizing it?
Greg Garland: Well, we have always said the gating factor is getting cash flows back to something approaching a mid-cycle and making a dent in the debt repayment. So I think coming into April, we are going to pay another $1.5 billion-ish of debt off in April as it comes due. So thats $3 billion of the $4 billion. We have made a big dent in that. So I think that kind of post-April, thats why I said that, I would be disappointed if by midyear, we are not back in a share repurchase mode at our company.
Neil Mehta: Perfect. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Garland: Sure.
Operator: The next question will come from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hello. My first question, just on one of the guidance items here on the Refining maintenance, $800 million to $900 million, just looking back, it looks like its the highest in the history of the company. And I was just curious, I mean, is there anything unique we should be thinking about there, I didnt think 2020 or 2021 were too far below the historical norms? And then I guess bigger picture, when I think about your maintenance and what others have said, it seems like the industry might be kind of capped in terms of what utilization can be this year. So is this an environment where we are just going to see margins get pressured higher to keep up with demand?
Greg Garland: So let me just take a high level and then I will let Bob come in and talk about it since its his business. But if you look 2012 through 2019, we kind of averaged about $5.25 billion in terms of total turnaround expense. And theres -- we did push some of 2020 and 2021 into 2022. I think probably a lot of the people did that in the industry as we were trying to conserve cash and protecting the balance sheet. So its a big number, Phil, theres no question. But I will let Bob speak to the specifics and what we are doing there.
Bob Herman: Yeah. I think, Greg, hit on it pretty good. The last couple of years were going to be lower turnaround years anyway with this 2022 always going to be a bit of a larger turnaround. We have got two refineries, both Ferndale and Billings, and when they take their turnaround their entire facility turnaround, they are coming, you see -- you kind of got to go back five years to find them in the cycle. So that causes a little bit of lumpiness in it. And then, to your second question, I really -- we would agree that a lot of people managed their turnarounds and maintenance work out of 2020 and 2021. Some of thats running the lower utilizations. We made our catalyst in hydro traders and hydrocrackers that last longer, so were able to stretch those runs. We put a lot of work into making sure we could do it from a mechanical integrity standpoint. But now those things are coming due, right? You cant do that forever, and for us this year, its a pretty heavy lift across the system. And I suspect we are not the only ones that are going to see that.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thanks. Thanks for that color. Just one more on the Refining business, Needle Coke is a unique business to Phillips 66 versus the other refiners. I was curious its a bit of an opaque market, but could you talk about what you are seeing in the fundamentals of that business, kind of how it finished out 2021 and how you see it progressing in 2022 and beyond? Thanks.
Bob Herman: Sure. So, as you may know, Needle Coke is used to make graphite electrodes, which internally is used production of steel, electric arc furnaces, which are actually a cleaner technology than blast furnaces and we use Needle Coke also to make anodes for lithium-ion batteries. The past two years, we have seen a weaker Needle Coke market with steel producers running off high inventories. But we do see some slow strengthening last this -- end of this year, last year and this year as well. If you listen to steel production, which is a leading indicator, they had a record year last year, even as Needle Coke markets lagged, because of the high inventories. The market seems to have mixed opinions about steel production this year. Some steel producers think it will continue to increase, some think it will come off. Either way, we have seen good demand from both steel producers and anode producers, and we expect that market to continue to gradually increase. We think with the refinery utilization coming back up and lower graphite electrodes that it will be a slightly strengthening market.
Phil Gresh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you and good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Roger.
Mark Lashier: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: Good morning. Id like to start off kind of on your comments about the -- getting back to share repos. Maybe what are some of the markers you would want to see and kind of tagging on with Phils question about maybe a little higher spending on the turnaround side? Is there a timing issue with those turnarounds where you would want to get past a certain level or is it bigger picture on the balance sheet for and overall cash flows when you will feel comfortable?
Greg Garland: Yeah. Well, I think, we are kind of back to the question on Refining and when does Refining get to mid-cycle cracks? I mean, in 4Q, we are 11.60 realized cracks. So, I mean, thats the highest quarterly crack that we have seen in Refining since the fourth quarter of 2018. So there are some things that are in that number, obviously. But as we look coming into 2022, where constructive supply and demand, theres been a lot of supply thats come off the market, we think theres new supply coming on, but its going to be staged. Its not all going to hit when people think its going to hit because it always takes longer to come on. So from that standpoint, we are constructive on the demand side. What we see with each successive wave of COVID, the impacts to demand are less and less, and so I am not sure when that moment in time as we transition from pandemic to endemic, but that could happen next year. But regardless, we see the demand impacts less and less from each successive wave of COVID. Prior to the current variant, we were seeing gasoline demand kind of back at 2019 levels. Theres disciplined demand above 2019 levels. Jet was recovering nicely. So as we move into 2022, we are constructive around the demand side. We talked about the turnaround activity and what impact that could have ultimately on utilizations and so we just see everything balancing out towards -- we get back towards more of a mid-cycle crack in Refining. And so, once we get Refining there, I think, we feel pretty comfortable that we are going to have sufficient cash flow, cover our sustaining capital, our dividend, pay down some debt, get back share repurchases and fund the growth program that we have this year, which is about $900 million in growth. Kevin, if you want to add anything to that.
Kevin Mitchell: No. I think thats very complete. Just in terms of the debt pay down detail, we have a $450 million term loan maturity in April. We have $1 billion notes maturing in April and we intend to take care of both of those at maturity, and then what happens after that, we just have flexibility. We still have other callable debt available if we need to. But we will -- with that taken care of and if cash flows back at mid-cycle levels, we would have a lot of flexibility.
Greg Garland: I think we paid $3 billion of the $4 billion that we borrowed during 2020 down. I think that demonstrates our commitment to paying down debt and returning the balance sheet over a couple of year period to something that resembles kind of pre-COVID levels, lets say, $12 billion on a consolidated basis. So, I think, we are pretty comfortable in that construct, Roger.
Roger Read: Okay. Appreciate it. Other question I had sort of the unrelated follow-up. As you look at setting everything up on the renewable diesel side, any progress or increased comfort level in terms of the feedstock side of that, I mean, that seems to be one of the biggest questions we get coming in is, what is our comfort level that each of the companies will be able to supply what you need to maintain a healthy margin in that business and the returns that you are targeting?
Brian Mandell: Hey, Roger. Its Brian. We dont see any issue with the feedstock availability. Although, it may be challenging for those that maybe are less commercial, have less logistics experience. We think between increased acreage and yield, switching from biodiesel, better aggregation of used cooking oil, we will have plenty of feedstock to produce renewable diesel. Prices may vary over time and thats to be expected. At Rodeo, we are on the water so we have access to both domestic and foreign feedstock. And we also sit on the U.S. greatest demand center in California. So feel good there. Our commercial organization has been working on feedstock for quite a while. We have offices around the world. We have storage in Asia and Europe and in U.S. We have good relationships with vegetable oil producers. You heard our announcement in our investment in Shell Rock Soy processing. We purchased for the startup of Rodeo. We purchased soybean oil, canola oil, distilled corn oil since last April. We have strong relationships with producers and aggregators of used cooking oil. In fact, with used cooking oil, we have been in that market for over four years supplying Humber used cooking oil from around the world, currently 12 different countries. So I think Rodeo Renewed will have a maximum optionality in its system and then we will use a linear program to decide what the best and most cost effective feedstock is based on not just CI, but price, credit generation to the sales market and logistics.
Roger Read: It sounds like its open for an MLP there. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Hi. Thanks. Maybe one on European Refining, as a refiner with some exposure to European refining, can you talk about the impact of high nat gas prices that you are seeing on Refining economics over there and in a broader sense in that part of the world. Do you expect high nat gas prices to impact European utilization rates to the benefit of U.S. refiners this year?
Bob Herman: Yeah. This is Bob. I think thats absolutely right. We look at what goes on in our operations and we have got a very complex and strong refinery over there in the impact of high natural gas prices on us and then we translate that to some of the simpler refineries in Central Europe. Its got to be really tough for them to be making money right now and I am sure we are going to see that. We know that clean product yield out of a bunch of those refineries is down, because they are not buying hydrogen or buying natural gas to make hydrogen to hydrotreat, because we see the high sulfur stuff showing up in the market, which is somewhat good for us. Its putting pressure on the sour crudes, which will be good for us in the long-term. So I think high natural gas prices are going to continue for a while in Europe and it is really going to strain kind of that bottom quartile of refiners that are left.
Greg Garland: As Bob pointed out, if the Europeans are running more sweet crude, it kind of widens that sour sweet dip, which is beneficial to us. The utilization comes off on those refineries because they cant afford to run. Thats good for the U.S. as well, because we will be able to export products to Europe. So it would be good for our businesses as well.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. And then maybe a follow-up on the last question before this, I mean, you now have a couple of quarters under your belt producing renewables you saw there in California at a pretty decent level. I mean, can you talk about what you have learned from your operations, both in product placement, as well as feedstock acquisition there, as you think about preparation for the -- for kind of the full project completion later on? And then as we have seen feedstock spreads narrow in the back half of year and headline, how about spreads has [ph] improved. Any comment on what you have seen in the profitability of your production there?
Greg Garland: Well, the profitability between Q3 and Q4 has strengthened. Theres a lot of things to think about when you are thinking about the renewable diesel margins, you have to think about feedstock, the renewable diesel price, the credits. You have to think about logistics. So theres a lot of pieces to it. We will have a linear program for renewables as well. The key to renewable production is finding as many feedstocks, as many suppliers as you can and having the logistics to get it to the plant, which is what we have been working on. We have set up a global organization to do that and we are working hard. In renewable diesel, the key for us is getting the renewable diesel to the end-user. Thats the key to keep more of the margin that way. So in part, our purchase of our commercial fleet fueling business was enabled that to -- for us to get some of that product to end users. You will continue to see those type of things. We have taken all the stores in California that we have, and we have converted those renewable diesel as well. So we are going to have much renewable diesel as we can to the end-user and we are going to have as bigger feedstock slate as we can for the plant and we will optimize through our linear program.
Bob Herman: I might add to that that being able to operate 250 out there on renewable feedstocks instead of hydrocarbon-based feedstocks has really given us a good opportunity to -- for the operators and staff to learn, because it is very different and it runs different than there are different characteristics to handling it and getting it in the unit and dealing with it. So its been a great warm-up for us for the Rodeo Renewed project thats yet to come and just, I think, raises our confidence level and our ability to be able to run really hard right out of the gate with that unit.
Greg Garland: You want to talk about the pathways, the CI approval, et cetera?
Bob Herman: Yeah. So we started up the unit after the last turnaround on basically clean soybean oil. And since, and Brian mentioned it earlier, we have been able to establish pathways. So in California, you run new feedstocks, you get provisional CI number for them and then you have to go through, Id say, a pretty lengthy bureaucratic process to qualify your other feedstock. So since we have done that, we have been able to qualify not only the soybean oil, but the distillers corn oil, we are working on. We have gotten a pathway on canola oil. I think thats yet -- that process will keep repeating itself as we find more and more feedstocks ahead of Rodeo Renewed coming up in 2024 or early 2024, that really allow us to take advantage of the lower CI material right away.
Greg Garland: I guess, just another key learning is how you get through that process and navigate that process in California.
Bob Herman: Like everything else, you get better at it the second time.
Greg Garland: Right.
Ryan Todd: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, guys. I have got two questions that I hope can add some color for everybody. I guess my first one, Kevin, is on the balance sheet. I was looking back at your share price, it seems like a horrible memory now. But your share price pretty much got cut in half twice last and during the 2020 period, and obviously, you did not buy back stock when that happened, given the circumstances. So my question is why carry $10 billion of net debt rather than work the balance sheet down to a level where we know these corrections are going to happen occasionally in this business to allow you to take advantage of that? Whats the philosophy behind the buybacks in the recovery versus building the balance sheet during the recovery and buying back during corrections?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, I think, its really a -- it is a bit of a balancing, trying to meet multiple priorities. So we think about an optimum capital structure in terms of cost of capital, right? So too little debt is increasing cost of capital and so you have got that component to it. We have got other opportunities that we want to be able to fund. And bear in mind also that, as we are growing the business and we are seeing that in the non-Refining segments, as we are growing the business, we are actually, we are effectively strengthening our overall financial condition, because on a debt-to-EBITDA basis, we are continuing to improve from that standpoint. And obviously, we dont like the fact that we werent buying shares at $40, but that was -- we were not in a position to do so and so we had to just accept that. And so its really around finding that optimum capital structure that will give us sufficient flexibility through the cycle, albeit you have always got more flexibility. The lower the debt balance, obviously, that provides added flexibility. But at what cost is that? And so its having the optimum structure to where we have got adequate flexibility. We can be -- stick with our sort of capital allocation framework, so 60% reinvestment in the business, 40% cash returns to shareholders between the dividend and buybacks over an extended time period, recognizing that year-over-year that will fluctuate. So its really just trying to balance through all of that. I am not sure going too much further down on debt than our sort of stated objectives, is going to bias a whole lot in that context. So I still feel pretty good with how we are laying out our objectives.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer. I guess, its more of a net debt question, because obviously, its 2020 hindsight is perfect, but it kind of gets back to this. I wonder if COVID has reset everybodys view of what volatility looks like. So, but I appreciate the answer. My follow-up is, something I really value from you guys periodically is your view on the net capacity outlook. And I guess, my question is, are we getting to a point now where the mid-cycle Refining outlook has been reset higher, much like it did in the mid-2000s? I dont want to say golden age, but something of that nature. And heres my point, gas prices are up, thats probably structural for international players, net additions disclosures like demand with IMO. I am just wondering, are you guys thinking along those lines? How do you see the net additions, price additions and subtractions in terms of impacting that mid-cycle view?
Bob Herman: Yeah. Doug, I think, we have seen a total of about 4.5 million barrels a day of Refining rationalization thats been announced and much of that has already occurred. When you look at last year, it was the first year in at least 30 years where there was more capacity rationalized out of the global fleet than there was capacity added and so we are seeing that benefit. As we look forward, theres still pressure with higher natural gas prices in Europe on that -- those units profitability. So we see that continuing to occur. We have also seen COVID delays, challenges getting labor into execute new capacity additions, so they are getting spread out. We have seen a reduction of capital spending and concerns over energy transition. So its definitely impacting the supply side of the equation and we are seeing demand come back. As Greg mentioned, gasoline was above 2019 levels before this recent COVID hit, diesel comfortably above, jets been coming back aggressively and so we think jet demand by late this year could be back at 2019 levels as well. So the demands still in the system and the supply is more constrained than what we have seen historically.
Operator: The next question is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my question. First, Kevin, I just wanted to follow-up on your comment about the adjustments from the lower RVO for 2021 out of the Refining results. So just to be clear, the $404 million of adjusted EBT, did that include the $230 million?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. It does, Theresa. So the $404 million includes the $230 million. It applies to the full year. And so if you think about my additional comment was, if you think about that in terms of the quarter, as you could say, three quarters of that $230 million would apply to the first three quarters of the year and if you are doing any kind of normalization around that.
Theresa Chen: Okay. So, that you presumably would not get that revaluation over and over again, so the clean number for the quarter would be $174 million?
Kevin Mitchell: If you -- yes. If you back out the full $230 million. Yeah.
Theresa Chen: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, I also wanted to follow-up on one of Brians comments about the fuel fleet that you bought in California as you seek to place barrels to the end user for all of your renewable diesel production. Is this something that you expect to grow in terms of your footprint and the vertical integration as incremental renewable diesel will hit the state over time to insulate your position there or is it something that you were thinking of doing all along? I would love to understand your strategy more here.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. Theresa, thats exactly right. Our goal is to be able, at some point, to get the entire 50,000 barrels of diesel that we make to the end-user. That may not be possible but we will see. We may export some of that depending on markets, but this is just one step. As I said, we upgraded all the stores to renewable diesel. We are looking at a lot of different opportunities to also get diesel to the end-user. But the goal is to get it to the end-user that way. We keep all of the margin and we think thats the best path.
Theresa Chen: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Hi guys. This is a question, which we get a lot of investors, so dont shoot the messenger. Your partner has gone ahead and made a statement that they dont really want to be in the business of JV Refining. You have a very profitable JV, which has worked very well for you over the years and that has resulted in a lot of speculation. If you keep one refinery they keep one, they sell you both, you sell them both. There are multiple scenarios there or just keep the status quo, if you could comment a little on that situation?
Greg Garland: Take that Bob. Yeah, actually
Bob Herman: Yeah. And we are seeing. I -- all I can tell you is, we continue to work really well with our partner on our joint venture, WRB for Wood River and Border. As you pointed out, its been a very good partnership since 2007, stood the test of time. They seem to like us as an operator. They have been a great partner to work with and give us good insights on things and their world has changed. But for now, we continue to work together to run WRB and invest in those two facilities as needed both of them.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. And my follow-up quick question is when you look at the segments here, the Gulf Coast operating cost was a little higher and so was the DD&A. I am assuming these are just like one-times and as the refinery closes, your op costs will actually trend down sequentially, not up and so for the DD&A. If you could just comment on that one-times, I mean, they look like one-times from the alliance on the Gulf Coast results?
Greg Garland: Yeah. You are exactly right. Theres a lot of noise in 4Q and it is -- there are -- we still have all the people in the fourth quarter, because we worked through redeploying some and all that. So we had costs in the fourth quarter, and obviously, no volume to go in the first quarter. So we will see those costs trend off very quickly in the first quarter. On a dollar per basis -- barrel basis in the Gulf Coast, all our refineries are on base costs, ex-turnarounds are about the same cost per barrel. So you wont see a big change in that metric. But the absolute cost, controllable costs in the Gulf Coast will go down.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi, Manav. Its Kevin. Just on the D&A, we did as you suspected, associated with the alliance conversion, we impaired some assets that flows through the D&A line. So that is one-time in nature.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much for taking my questions and a great quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning Paul.
Kevin Mitchell: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Two questions for you. I think the first one is for Kevin. I think in your prepared remarks you talked about the inventory benefit in NGL and also the refining that help the quarter. Can you quantify how to get those number? And also I believe that the deferred tax -- deferred revenue you recognize in the transportation, if you can quantify that also? Maybe that -- after that then I asked the second question.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Paul, on the deferred revenue, its basically the variance quarter-over-quarter equates to the deferred revenue essentially. So that is the way to think about it. But I would say, with deferred revenue, that is no, I dont think of that as a sort of one-time item, because the nature of those contracts on the pipelines, we are either going to get the volumes and the revenues recognized as you get the volumes or if theres a shortfall in volumes, we still collect the cash and then we have makeup rights, or ultimately, recognize the deferred revenue. So thats a phenomena that you see going period-to-period. So its not a -- I dont think it as a true inventory impacts both in the midst -- we have inventory impacts every period. And thats not something we typically quantify unless it was excessively large in terms of the impact. So we typically dont quantify those.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thats fine. And that at least that in Refining, which region is the inventory impact?
Kevin Mitchell: No. Its going to show up across all areas.
Paul Cheng: Okay. The second question, Greg, just I think before the pandemic, I think, in the past that you are sort of looking at long-term CapEx in the range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion kind of range, that talking about $1 billion to $2 billion of the -- maybe the growth CapEx. Now since then, of course, the outlook for the investment opportunity in the Midstream has changed, so you are probably not going to spend that much money. So once that your debt is back to a comfortable level and you start to be more in the growth phase, what is the capital allocation we should look at on the longer term basis? And also, maybe on a side question on PCP, is there any way to restructure that structure, I mean, you say $35 million, $40 million a quarter business. It seems like, yes, not causing you a problem, but its also not adding a lot of value. I mean, does it really fit into a long-term portfolio for you?
Greg Garland: Okay. Paul, I think, you are up to five questions now, but I will try my best to -- at least I will answer one by one, how about that? So, first of all, we -- I mean, historically, we have used $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion is growth CapEx. So I think that for many reasons, the need to be structured around debt repayment and get back to share repurchases. We purposely signaled total CapEx budgets of $2 billion or less for this year and kind of next year. We will see what happens going forward. But I do think we want to get the balance sheet back to something over the next two years approaching pre-COVID, so call it, $12 billion. We are going to get back to share repurchases. I mean, we have been on share repurchases and its time to step back into those. And so, I think, for all the right reasons, we want to keep capital constrained across the portfolio over the next couple of years. And to your [Audio Gap] we just dont think those investable opportunities that will hit our return hurdles are going to be there in the next two years in the Midstream business. And we will see where renewables goes and where renewables takes us. But right now, the biggest project in front of us is Rodeo Renewed circa $850 million project. So, I mean, that in itself is almost a megaproject by any standard. So I think theres still big things going on around the portfolio in terms of growth and then you add on CPChem and the two megaprojects they are looking at. So there are certainly lots of growth still around the portfolio, allows us to be very structured about how we think about capital allocation. But to your point, the whole idea is to free up more cash for debt repayment and getting back into share repurchases. Kevin, if you want to take DCP, I will let you take it.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks. So, Paul, I mean, you are right that with DCP, we are looking at, you take out all the hedging noise, you are probably a $50 million, $60 million per quarter of earnings generation and a pretty consistent distribution that comes along with that. While you could say, we are structurally challenged. Its been a JV we have had in place for over 20 years. Its been a very successful JV. The ownership has changed with -- as the owners -- with the M&A type activity over that time period. But nonetheless, it has continued to be successful for us. It does give us some nice integration through our own Midstream business. So DCP volumes, we jointly own the Santel SunHills pipelines with DCP and NGL volumes through that system come into Sweeny and into our fracs and so we have the benefit of that integration. So while a different structure might be a more efficient way of looking at that business, its not something that we have to get done. Theres nothing compelling that tells us we must have a different solution. And the reality is when you get into these kind of arrangements that have been placed for a long period of time, it can be pretty hard to exit for any party when you look at the tax considerations and all of that. So its a little bit like the Synovus question earlier. We actually feel that the JV has been very successful. It does what we want it to do and we will take it from there. We are always open to alternatives as we are with most of our portfolio, but its continued to work well for us.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Blair: Hey. Good morning. Could you shed some more light on this British Airways SAS deal? How should we think about the economic impact to PSX here? Is it like a take-or-pay arrangement or maybe something else? And then, also, why do you think we are seeing these offtake deals in SAS, but not really in RD?
Mark Lashier: So I will take the shot at the first one. So the Humber Refinery entered into this deal to supply sustainable aviation fuel to British Airways. Its a small volume. We dont run a lot of renewable feedstock at Humber yet. We are working on a lot of things in Humber to reduce the carbon intensity of the fuels that come from that plant. So we entered into this with British Airways really to get the partnership going and to understand their needs and they can understand what we can do and we can grow this business over time and be a good supplier. We are supplier to British Airways anyway. So this just kind of extends our reach there. So its not large and material yet, but it really signals that in Europe with British Airways that we are going to expand that business as we expand our ability to run used cooking oils and other renewable feedstocks in Humber.
Bob Herman: Yeah. I think that maybe, and Mark, if you want to add on to this, but if you think about Humber, and even once we get Rodeo Renewed. There is a certain part of the yield thats going to be sustainable aviation fuel and I think the challenge for us is how do we think about that yield, how we push that yield structure to make more sustainable aviation fuel in the future.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think the big difference is, theres not the regulatory incentives there for SAS yet. We think they will come, but we also see airlines making commitments and so theres a demand pull for SAS out there that we will work to supply. But to shift that optimization wholesale away from renewable diesel into SAS there has to be a financial incentive, but it is sort of a co-product at this point that we can make commitments on.
Bob Herman: And the only difference is in overseas in our Hamburg plant, the reason we were able to make that deal is because that scheme, the European scheme is different from the U.S. scheme, which treats renewable diesel, renewable gasoline and renewable jet fuel the same. So that was why that deal was done there and thats why deals havent been done in the United States yet. But we expect that as part of the Build Back Better plan, that we will get some incentive and over time, we will either get more incentive or airlines we will make commitments to pay more for the SAF.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. And I think its just the nature of how the market is going to work. When you think about the airline business, I mean, their only option today to decarbonize the sustainable aviation fuel. We dont think hydrogen is going to work in planes. Batteries arent going to work in long-haul planes. And so, I think, they are anxious to work with the industry in developing sustainable aviation fuels and I think what you are going to see is going to be contractual relationships developed so that they have access to the molecules that are going to be there.
Matthew Blair: Thanks for all the color. I will leave it there.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about the build diversify and M&A outlook on the Marketing and Chemicals business segments. Midstream, given that you are going to be consolidating PSXP, do you expect to be selling some of those non-core assets or are you in a stronger position to acquire Midstream assets now that you have this larger portfolio? And the Chemicals build versus buy question, in light of the fact that you are still evaluating two world-scale crackers. And then my second question is just, I think you mentioned Rodeo CapEx is going to be $850 million, if I heard you correctly, which is a bit higher than what you previously guided to. I think you had previously said something like $750 million. I just want to confirm thats correct. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Okay. Do you want to start?
Bob Herman: Sure. I think on the build versus buy in Chemicals, I think, that we at CPChem level, they have always scanned the horizon, looking for opportunities to acquire assets, but its an environment thats tough to acquire. Things are really highly valued and they have got a long history of organic growth through true partnerships and been very successful in doing that. And thats whats driving both the U.S. Gulf Coast II project and the ROPP project. And we are looking forward to an FID on U.S. Gulf Coast II mid-summer, late summer timeframe this year. We are taking a tough look at the economics to make sure that it meets the economic hurdles that we have in place, but we are optimistic that it well -- will, but we are working with EPC contractors now to develop that whole package to bring forward. And then the ROPP project is about a year later. Its already cleared front-end engineering design and so its well on its way to an FID sometime next year. So we continue to see opportunities organic that are more attractive than any acquisition opportunities in the Chemical space.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I might just comment on the Marketing and Specialties. That business is consolidating, particularly the retail marketing in the U.S. And we are seeing many of our long time business partners. They may be second generation or third generation businesses and for family estate planning. They want to exit or maybe the current generation doesnt want to take over. And so its creating those opportunities. So we ensure that we continue to have access to those markets long-term and so thats whats driving a lot of what we are thinking. I think Brian did a really nice job of talking about renewable diesel and making sure we are capturing all the value we can. I think one of the things we have been frustrated with RINs is, we have never been able to explain what we think is some value leakage in the RINs and so we want to make sure that we are going to capture that full value chain around the new diesel side of that. So, I think that maybe is an important point as you think about what we are trying to do in the Marketing and Specialties space around that. We always look at buy versus build. I think that certainly is an opportunity to think about that, particularly in businesses that are going to consolidate, for instance, like Midstream. I still think Midstream will have some consolidation. And to your point, as we roll out PSXP, we have a full suite of assets kind of within our control, then I think we have the chance to really think about how we optimize our Midstream and particularly, our NGL-oriented portfolio around that. Tim, if you want to add anything on that on Midstream, please?
Tim Roberts: Greg, I mean, you covered at the high level. We are all about creating value. So we are always going to look at that portfolio and how we maximize that value. That can include buying, building or divesting. But thats just part of stewarding the capital that we have got in the business that we are running.
Operator: We have reached the end of todays conference call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Sia. And we thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have further questions on todays call, please call Shannon or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter 2021, Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sia, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that -- note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeffrey Dietert : Good morning, and welcome Phillips 66, third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO. Mark Lashier President and CEO. Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO, Bob Herman, EVP refining. Brian Mandell, EVP marketing and commercial. And Tim Roberts, EVP midstream. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Garland : Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. In the third quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion. We generated operating cash flow of 2.2 billion, which meaningfully exceeded our capital spending and dividends during the quarter. We returned $394 million to shareholders through dividends and in October, we increased the quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share. We believe in the secure, competitive, and growing dividend. Since we formed as a Company, we've returned approximately $29 billion to shareholders and we remain committed to discipline capital allocation. We're seeing signs of sustainable cash-generations improvement. We've made good progress on debt repayment, reducing our debt balance by $1 billion so far this year. We're on a path to pre -pandemic level of debt, strengthening our Balance Sheet, and supporting our strong investment grade credit ratings. Earlier this week, we announced an agreement to acquire all the publicly held units of Phillips 66 Partners. Your equity transaction simplifies our corporate structure and positions us to drive greater value for Phillips 66 shareholders and Phillips 66 partners unit holders. We continue to advance the Company wide transformation efforts that we began in 2019. We believe that strengthening our cost position is necessary for long-term competitiveness. We recently initiated an effort to identify opportunities to significantly reduce costs across our portfolio. We're in the process of scoping these reductions and look forward to updating you early next year on our progress. Recently, we announced greenhouse gas targets to reduce the carbon emissions intensity from our operations by 2030. Our targets demonstrate our commitment to sustainability and to meeting the world's energy needs today and in the future. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark to provide some additional comments.
Mark Lashier : Thanks, Greg. Good morning. In the third quarter, we saw significant improvement in earnings and cash generation. In refining, we captured a meaningful improvement in realized margins. Midstream had strong earnings in the quarter and chemicals, the Olefins and Polyolefins business reported record quarterly earnings and marketing and specialties, had its second best quarter ever. In Midstream, we continue to advance Frac 4 at the Sweeny hub with construction approximately 1/3 complete and about 70% of the capital already spent. Additionally, we recently completed construction of Phillips 66 partners C2G Pipeline. CP Chem continues to pursue development of 2 world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and in Ras Laffan Qatar. In addition, CP Chem is expanding its Olefins business with a world-scale unit to produce 1 - hexene. The Alliance Refineries sustained significant impacts from Hurricane Ida and will remain shutdown through the end of this year. We continue to assess future strategic options for the refinery. We continue to progress Rodeo renewed, which is expected to be completed in early 2024, subject to permitting and approvals. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. The conversion will reduce emissions from the facility and produce lower-carbon transportation fuels. In marketing, we're converting 600 branded retail sites in California to sell renewable diesel produced by Rodeo facility. Our emerging energy group is advancing opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture, and hydrogen. With our recent investment in Novonix, we're expanding our presence in the battery value chain. Additionally, we recently announced the collaboration with Plug Power to identify and advance green hydrogen opportunities. We'll continue to focus on lower carbon initiatives that generate strong returns. We're excited about our participation in this dynamic energy transition, and combined with our commitment to disciplined capital allocation and strong returns. We're well-positioned for the future. Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell : Thank you, Mark. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide four, we summarize our third quarter results. We reported earnings of $402 million. Special items during the quarter amounted to an after-tax loss of $1 billion, which was largely comprised of an impairment of the Alliance Refinery. Excluding special items, we had adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion or $3.18 per share. We generated operating cash flow of $2.2 billion, including a working capital benefit of $776 million and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $905 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $552 million. $311 million, was for growth project, including a $150 million investment in Novonix. We paid $394 million in dividends. Moving to Slide 5. This slide shows the change in adjusted results from the second quarter to the third quarter. An increase of $1.1 billion with a substantial improvement in refining and continued strong contributions from Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was 16%. Slide 6 shows our midstream results. Third quarter adjusted pre -tax income was $642 million, an increase of $326 million from the previous quarter. Transportation contributed adjusted pre -tax income of $254 million, up $30 million from the prior quarter. The increase was driven by higher equity earnings from the Bakken and Gray Oak pipelines. NGL and other adjusted pre -tax income was $357 million, compared with $83 million in the second quarter. The increase was primarily due to a $224 million unrealized investment gain related to Novonix, as well as inventory impacts. In September, we acquired a 16% interest in Novonix. Our investment will be mark-to-market at the end of each reporting period. Sweeny Fractionation Complex, averaged their record, 383 thousand barrels per day in the Freeport LPG Export facility, loaded 41 cargoes in the third quarter. DCP midstream adjusted pre -tax income of $31 million, was up $22 million from the previous quarter, mainly due to improved margins and hedging impacts. Turning to chemicals on Slide 7. We delivered another strong quarter in chemicals with adjusted pre -tax income of $634 million down $23 million from the second quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins had record adjusted pre -tax income of $613 million. The $20 million increase from the previous quarter was primarily due to higher polyethylene sales volumes driven by continued strong demand, partially offset by higher utility costs. Global O&P utilization was 102% for the quarter. Adjusted pre -tax income for SA&S decreased $45 million compared to the second quarter, driven by lower margins, which began to normalize following tight market conditions. During the third quarter, we received $632 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to refining on Slide eight, refining third quarter adjusted pre -tax income was $184 million, an improvement of $890 million from the second quarter, driven by higher realized margins across all regions. Realized margins for the quarter increased by 119% to $8.57 per barrel, primarily due to higher market crack spreads, lowering costs, and improved product differentials. Pre -tax turnaround costs were $81 million, down from $118 million in the prior quarter. Crude utilization was 86%, compared with 88% in the second quarter. Lower utilization reflects downtime at the Alliance Refinery, which was safely shutdown on August 28th in advance of Hurricane Ida. The third quarter clean product yield was 84% up 2% from last quarter, supported by improved FCC operations. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the third quarter was $19.44 per barrel compared to $17.76 per barrel in the second quarter. Realized margin was $8.57 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 44%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 22%. Market capture is impacted by the configuration of our refineries. Our refineries are more heavily weighted towards distillate production than the market indicator. During the quarter of the distillate crack increased $1.55 per barrel in the gasoline crack improved $1.92 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $1.98 per barrel improved. $0.40 per barrel from the previous quarter as NGL prices strengthened. Our feedstock advantage of $0.01 per barrel declined by $0.26 per barrel from the prior quarter. The other category reduced realized margins by $5.01 per barrel. This category includes RIN s, freight costs, lean product realizations, and inventory impacts. Moving to marketing and specialties on Slide 10, adjusted third quarter pre -tax income was $547 million compared with $479 million in the prior quarter. Our marketing business realized continued strong margins and so increasing demand for products. Marketing and other increased $62 million from the prior quarter this is primarily due to higher international margins and volumes driven by the easing of COVID-19 restrictions. Refined product exports in the third quarter were 209 thousand barrels per day. Specialties generated third quarter adjusted pre -tax income of $93 million up from $87 million in the prior quarter, largely due to improved base oil margins. On Slide 11, the corporate and other segment had adjusted pre -tax costs of $230 million, an improvement of $14 million from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to lower costs, related to the timing of environmental and employee-related expenses, partially offset by higher net interest expense. Slide 12 shows the change in cash for the quarter. We started the quarter with a $2.2 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2.2 billion. Excluding a working capital benefit of $776 million, our cash from operations was $1.4 billion, which covered $552 million of capital spend, $394 million for the dividend, and $500 million of early debt repayment. Our ending cash balance was $2.9 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I will cover a few outlook items. In chemicals we expect the fourth-quarter global O and P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining, we expect the fourth quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low-80s. We expect the Alliance Refinery to remain shutdown for the full quarter. We expect fourth-quarter pretax turnaround expenses to be between $110 and $140 million. We anticipate fourth quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $240 and $250 million, pretax. Now we will open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we open the call for questions, as a courtesy to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Roger Read: Good morning.
Greg Garland : Morning, Roger.
Kevin Mitchell : Good morning.
Roger Read: I guess let's take the first one just as the decision to buy in PSXP. I mean, I don't think it should be a huge shot, but I mean one of the questions we've gotten is why now? So maybe you kind of help us on that and then I'm just curious, at least at a high level, how it might change, how the Company reports going forward.
Greg Garland : Okay. Well, I'll take a stab at that, and then Kevin, Mark, Tim can help. First of all, I think probably, we all acknowledge that, this can roll in growing our Midstream business. If you look back on the pre - PSXP, so pre -2013, [Indiscernible] Midstream. The business generated about $500 million EBITDA, more than half of that is that the AMMO. Did a nice job in helping us build and grow a substantial Midstream. The market just doesn't refuel MLP at this point in time. Consider trading at a 9% yield, we've seen institutional ownership drop from the 90s into the low 70s. And then from our perspective, cost of capital is [Indiscernible] so it doesn't really provide an attractive [Indiscernible]. And then I will also say it -- provide a clear line of sight to valuation of our Midstream business from some of the parts basis. I'm not sure if that really applies today. So you think about, these are high-quality Midstream assets. We know them really well. We're able to acquire them for essentially a nine - ish multiple and trade it up into a 10 times multiple as we created from a sum-of-the-parts basis. And then, I think -- as we think about the future of Midstream and potential consolidation in Midstream. I think rolling up the PSXP gives us more degrees of freedom to create value with those assets. For a long time a lot of the strength, the MLP was a diversity of assets you think about crude oil pipelines and terminals and products pipelines as an NGL assets and we think that by bifurcating those, we'll be able to take those apart and discrete in the future, Kevin or Mark, if you want to add onto that, you are certainly welcome to do that.
Kevin Mitchell: No, I think you've covered it all up. Follow-up around reporting on a go-forward basis, as you know, as a fully consolidated entity, what you see today in our Midstream results reflects all of the MLP. Anyway, that's fully reflected in our Midstream segment results. But we have the cutback down below in non-controlling interest for the third-party public ownership. And so I want to -- once this transaction is closed, you will eliminate that non-controlling interest deduct from our bottom line results. So that's really how it's going to impact the reporting.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I think my next question is for Bob if he's on, but I've been plug-in Jeff about what's going on with renewable diesel conversion and Rodeo and some of the -- I don't know if I call it pushback, but let's say some of the regulatory issues there. And so I was hoping we could get a little clarity on some of the things we've seen in the press in terms of the size of the project maybe being scaled back, or whether or not that's an accurate depiction.
Mark Lashier : Okay. Yeah. Thanks for that question, Roger. I think, so the critical path on the whole project is a land-use permit in Contra Costa County, and that's -- there's -- in California, you get the opportunity to apply for lots of permits to build something, but this is the big one in a most difficult path through. So we've been working it since we announced the project and I would say overall it's going really well. The environmental impact statement that's part of obtaining that land use permit, was released for public comment about the middle of October. So that's a 60-day comment period. So that's when you saw in there that they identified, and opportunity to reduce the environmental impact to the project, is to make the project smaller. We actually took that as a good sign because by law, the planning commission staff has to identify lower impact alternatives to the project. And the fact that, the only thing that was put in there was, where you could just make it smaller to reduce the environmental impact. It reflected to us that they agreed with us. We had taken every environmental step around, reduction of emissions from the plant, shutting down of the carbon plant, everything we can do to reduce the emissions and the greenhouse gas footprint of the future the project, and that's really all that's left. We take that as, by no means that, they are advocating or that anyone will advocate for a smaller project being built there. This is the project that makes sense, it's the one that uses the equipment that's on the ground and it's very cost efficient to go on convert. So we're in the middle of public comment period At some point the county will start releasing the comments to us, and we'll respond to those, and the period will close in mid-December. It'll take [Indiscernible] the quarter to work its way through those, and we'll be responsive to those. And we still anticipate getting this thing permitted sometime probably late 1Q. And then that frees us up to go start construction.
Roger Read: Very clear and I'm glad you did that for us because I don't speak government ease, but good to know you're still on the right direction. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: You got it.
Operator: The next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta : The team and Greg, I guess the first question is on 22 capital spending, typically we get that update. Here over the next couple of weeks, but you've been in relative maintenance spend mode outside of renewable. Just how, how should we think about the cadence of capex? Is the focus still on deleveraging the business, and therefore, we should assume capex close to sustaining levels or are you thinking about toggling some growth into the business?
Greg Garland : Yeah. Well, we've come to big period of build in Midstream, I'd say. We've finished up C2G, [Indiscernible] will finish up essentially this year going into next year, so there's no big spend in front of us in Midstream. Obviously, we have the Rodeo renewed project and we're anxious to get started on that next year. But I think that all fits within the guidance we've consistently given here over the last couple of quarters of $2 billion or less for 2022. If you actually go to our board for approval of the capital budget in December timeframe. But that's, in my own numbers, that's the numbers that we're looking at for 2022. I think that, certainly cash-generation is improving as you can see the results from this quarter, I think we're probably more optimistic today that we're moving towards more of a mid-cycle earnings profile on our refining business. Our marketing specialties has been performing really, really strong this whole year. Kansas has been really strong this year. Midstream has been really strong this year. So as we get refining back to something approaching more mid-cycle, then they increased more optionality around the cash. What we do with the cash, but clearly, we're on a glide slope to pay down debt. We want to get back to that $12 billion pre -pandemic level. And as we've mentioned in the opening comments, we paid a billion down so far this year of that. So we're on a glide slope to do that. But I think the rule mileposts for us as we start thinking about, capital allocation. That first dollar is always going to go to our sustaining capital next dollar goes to dividend. And then when we think about debt reduction, and then hopefully we'll get to a point where we can start working share repurchases back in. So Kevin, if you want to add anything to that.
Kevin Mitchell : No, I think you covered it all. I would say on debt reduction, we are anticipating doing another reduction between now and the end of the year, probably in the order of another $0.5 billion that we'll get in before the end of the year.
Neil Mehta : Thanks, Greg and Kevin. The follow-up is just on the refining environment, strong set of refining results this quarter. Can you just talk about how you're seeing the momentum going into Q4. We've seen distillate start to perform a little bit WCS widen now. Could that translate into numbers? And then if you could take a moment to talk about differentials, one of the things that has surprised I think market participants as how tight the spread between Brent and WTI is which matters for Mid-Con refining. Do you think that's a structural? Or do you think this widens out as U.S. production comes back?
Greg Garland : I'll take a step at that. So we're optimistic going forward and the market setting up, well, setting up for our kit as well too, as you know, we're distillate heavy versus gasoline in the U.S. distillate is over gasoline in every market now, but Chicago, we think better will continue through the winter. You've seen a WCS diffs come off. a few reasons why we are finding problems in the Mid-Con barrels, WCS barrels got to the Gulf Coast, weaken the dip and the Canadian dips followed. And also there were some pipeline issues just this past weekend in Canada, which also helped weaken the dip. We think that dip will strengthen a bit going forward, but we -- we're happy where it is now. In terms of Brent TI s, the Brent TI needs to stay relatively tight as you've seen,
Kevin Mitchell : Cushing inventory. When that happens, we need to keep crude in the U.S. and the best way to do that is to tighten the WTI - Brent differential. So we think it will stay in the $2 to $3 range going forward. So, we think by and large the market's setting up for a good Q4 and is certainly a good 2022.
Greg Garland : I think I would add that as OPEC puts more barrels into the market, those are going to be medium and heavy sour barrels and should result in a wider heavy sour discount, which are kit (ph) is disproportionately benefits from.
Operator: The next question is from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen : Hi, thank you for taking my questions. First, just on the PSXP transaction itself. Just out of curiosity, will PSXP electing to take a step-up in PSXP 's tax basis. And do you have an expectation of what that step-up will be and just more generally speaking, what will be the net tax effect for PSX, once taking into account the fact that all of your Midstream earnings will be subject to tax, post MLP rolling?
Kevin Mitchell : Yes, Theresa, it's Kevin. So PSX, we'll be taking a step-up in basis for tax purposes, which will result in additional tax depreciation. We actually get to benefit from bonus depreciation on that also. And so the net cash effect will be about $300 million in 2022 of -- think of it as reduced cash taxes paid. And then about another $100 million the following year. So in aggregate, it's about a $400 million cash benefit to Phillips 66. From an ongoing basis, the primary impact from a tax standpoint, excluding the impact of the step-up in basis, is going to be the tax that we will recognize on that, what today is shown as non-controlling interest, that becomes -- those become our earnings. They're taxable to us, and so we'll be taxed on that -- on the -- on those earnings that we get from the formerly -- the units formerly owned by the public.
Theresa Chen: Thank you for that clear and detailed answer. Maybe if you could talk about your near-term outlook for your European assets, both on the marketing as well as the refining front. Clearly demand continues to rebound as mobility restrictions ease, benefiting [Indiscernible] but energy costs or hydrocrackers specifically. How do you see this situation evolving and how does it impact not only your European assets, but also at a read root to had won in the U.S. and the cost finish for U.S. Gulf Coast assets that place products on the water for export?
Greg Garland : go ahead and start on the marketing assets to recent. And Bob can jump in on the refining assets. In terms of marketing, we continue to build retail in Europe. We've had -- if you listened to Kevin's comments, that was part of the reason why marketing had its second best quarter ever. As people come back in overseas, we're seeing demands, which in the 2019 -- percent, but it's coming back as well. And we continue to re-image and update our stores over there, that's giving us about 2% increase in demand as well. And then, we're looking for some emerging energy opportunities. We've been building hydrogen stores in Switzerland and we're looking for some more opportunities to put in electric pumps and some other things over in the near future.
Robert Herman : Yeah, and on the refining side, you have to think about our Humber Refinery. It's actually the most efficient refinery we have in the fleet. And then you add to that the fact that it's got a pretty large cat cracker and then we got 3 cokers there and all those are fuel gas generating units. And so at the end of the day, the Humber Refinery does not by a lot of natural gas to run the refinery. We see additional costs come through in power purchases and steam that we, [Indiscernible] that's operated by a third-party next door. There is a cost impact, but I think about the overall refining complex in Europe, right? Margins have to rise, or the highest cost producer online. And so everybody -- that floats all boats and Humber will be I think the recipient of them and we've seen that with [Indiscernible] over at Humber. So it's a headwind, but it's not a large headwind by any means, for Humber.
Greg Garland : I think as we look at the impact on demand, it's the high natural gas prices especially New York and Asia are an incremental $0.5 million barrel a day demand to perhaps as much as a million barrels a day of incremental demand globally. So nice increase on the product side as well.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Philip Gresh with JPMorgan, please go ahead.
Philip Gresh : Good afternoon. Cash flow before working capital, maybe it's a little bit less than I would have expected relative to the strength of the earnings, and there's some deferred tax and other things in there. Kevin, is there anything unique in the quarter around that, that drove that?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah, Phil there is. There is actually an offset between working capital, accounts receivable and that deferred tax. So there's a re-classification on tax receivables, either short-term and into deferred. And so in effect, we've -- inflated the working capital benefits at the expense of, reducing the pre -working capital cash flow. That's in the order of $0.5 billion and so on a -- you can do the math on what that really looks like. Because in my mind, I think about the working -- the real working capital benefit being, inventory of about $300 million and then the rest is offset within the Cash Flow Statement.
Philip Gresh : Got it. That's helpful. And just one question on refining. If I look at the Central Corridor results, much improved look at the bridges that you provide, the other part of the bridge was an area of huge improvement, sequentially. I was just wondering if you could -- sustainability of the 3Q results there.
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. So I think one of the real issues 2Q to 3Q and [Indiscernible] freeze effects and turnaround. [Indiscernible] so we had Ponca down for about 3 weeks because of the freeze. That was a significant hit to us last [Indiscernible] the outage at Wood River, which was another impairment to that. So a lot of that been [Indiscernible] When you start doing the math, when you don't run a lot of barrels last quarter, it tends to kind of, [Indiscernible] in-flight to some extent, on the other -- there's a RIN effect, obviously, in the other, also all combined. So a lot of additive things hit us all at once in the second quarter, in the Mid-Con that just aren't there now and I would classify our third quarter in Mid-Con as we ran well, and we ran normal.
Greg Garland : I would say, also, the market really set up for us in the third quarter. We had an early harvest season. It started early September, which is atypical, no weather delays. Some of our competitors had issues during the third quarter to help us out. We had low distillate inventories as well, and that favors our kit. And we talked about the WCS steps, which we're also wider. So all those things helped us in.
Operator: The next question is from Douglas Leggate with Bank of America, please go ahead.
Douglas Leggate : Hi. Good morning, everybody. Guys, I wonder if I could start with refining on the Alliance write-down. I'm looking specifically at the utilization guidance for the fourth quarter. And I guess we're -- I don't football this fall here, but are we at the point where we're seeing a recovery trajectory for refining? And if so, is that utilization rate so low because it's still including Alliance in the denominator? I'm just curious about how you see that playing out. Maybe you could give us an update on how you think what the next steps are for long at this point, what kind of follow-up?
Robert Herman : Okay. I'll take the first part, I'll let Kevin talk about the write-down, so your two part question there. As we said, we don't anticipate with Alliance running in the fourth quarter. So you can think about that as, about a 10% utilization on a normal basis if we would have been running during the quarter, so we would've been guiding. A little bit of turnaround activity in 4Q, not too heavy. So I would characterize it. We're kind of back to running our system in a normal condition. And so we'll run as the economics dictate and particularly with heavy crude coming, the diffs coming wider, that usually incense us to run several of our assets harder. But then yeah, we keep Alliance in the denominator until it's not in the denominator.
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah, Doug, specifically on the impairment. So with the hurricane and the damage sustained by the hurricane that gave us [Indiscernible] due a fair value analysis around that. And so as a result of that work and that analysis, we took a $1.3 billion pre -tax resulting carrying value of about 200 once we have taken that impairment and that reflects the mission that's in today.
Douglas Leggate : I don't want to labor the point Kevin. [Indiscernible] required for repairs or [Indiscernible] do you see a [Indiscernible] future for aligns in your hands on someone else's hand back at [Indiscernible] Is it going to operate again or is a diamond so much at this point? This are things unlikely to restart than you think?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah. I think on their point, we continue, [Indiscernible] particularly significant electrical system that hit it, and we have been painstakingly working our way through the assessment of how do you restore operations there. So that will continue as we continue to, as we announced before, seek buyers for the facility. And then we continue to work with those third parties to see what the actual outcome the Alliance Refinery is. It is too soon to make that call as to will it operate as a refinery again or in some other capacity, either for us or somebody else.
Douglas Leggate : Thank you. My follow-up, guys, is just a quick one on PSXP. I don't know the numbers are going to be terribly meaningful here. But just wonder if you could talk us through. Are there any incremental synergies coming out of the consolidation of bringing it back. And obviously, you don't have the accounting function and so on. And I wonder if I could just tag on to that? Again, not a big number, but how should we think about the targets for the combined or consolidated Company leverage that targets going forward now that you've fully got my consent. Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell : How many questions was that? In terms of the synergies associated with the rollout, it's pretty small in the big scheme of things. Now coming clearly, there are some there's some corporate costs, there's the fact that PSXP as a public entity and all the associated costs that go with that will disappear, and so there will be a modest impact, but it's not anything that's going to move the needle when you step back and look at our consolidated financial results. From the standpoint of leverage and debt levels, we already had all of that MLP debt on our consolidated balance sheet. And so as Greg talked, pre -pandemic debt levels that we're trying -- included PSXP, that as well. Until it [Indiscernible] really change anything, in terms of how we think about our go-forward leverage objectives. The roll-up does give us a little bit more flexibility though, because one, we have access to all of the cash, that previously either was distributed to the LP [Indiscernible] Distributions or was excess cash, excess coverage cash becomes available to us for debt reduction, and we also have the PSXP debt available as we think of the options around paying dying debt we have the PSXP debt to consider in that context as well. So just give us a bit more flexibility.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotia, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng : Hey, guys. Good morning. Maybe that the first one is for Bob. That -- can you -- I know that you're saying in Humber that you have not a lot of -- you don't consume a lot of natural gas, but can you give us an overall in U.S and in Europe. For every $1 per MCF change towards the intact on the optics and your defining margin capture on a dollar per barrel basis. Any plan to change it and become more engaged and own your own store, given the energy transition that we're seeing? People that is the -- I mean, some of your bigger customers become more aggressive in owning the stations. Building the UV charger and all that. Is that -- and to some degree, you are doing it in Europe. So is that -- something that you were also trying to replicate, the wholesale capital-light model?
Robert Herman : Nothing changed.
Kevin Mitchell: I'll take [Indiscernible]. Brian talked about retail plans. So we provided for every dollar change in million BTU net gas price, about $150 million a year across our [Indiscernible] fleet. And you can think about that as about $100 million of that is pure natural gas, and the other $50 million comes through in electricity and steam purchases. Of the 100 million, then it's about global cost line and in the third quarter it is in cost of goods sold, primarily natural gas that we buy to turn into hydrogen. So that's without any mitigating steps within the refining system. Obviously, a lot of refineries have the ability to fuel propane and a little bit of butane and really, the economics to the day we'll drive what we decide to do there. We've also got the novel of turning up severity on cat cracker and making more gas. So there's a lot of moving parts into that sensitivity, but the simplest way to think about it is just 1 block is a $150 million a year. So we can call that $35 million or so a quarter.
Brian Mandell: And Paul, on the retail -- U.S. retail side, we had a small retail joint venture in Oklahoma City, three dozen storage few years ago. In 2019 we stated that, we want to be more in the retail business, especially in markets where you're less opportunities export, markets like the Mid-Con. So we will have, by the end of the year, about 800 retail joint venture stores in the U.S., we're continuing to find stores and buy stores in Middle America, where we're going to integrate those stores with our refinery complex to make sure we have the pull-through. Particularly, as gasoline demand wanes in the U.S. So it will still remain -- retail will remain a small portion of the whole for us in the U.S. But it's a market that we're actively pursuing.
Operator: The next question is from Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
Manav Gupta : Hi, everybody. If you could give us some idea of this NVX deal. You're taking 16% interest in them. How did it come out? Stepping into battery is something. We haven't seen you do before or any refiner to -- I mean, what I'm trying to get to is we know you make Melee (ph) Corp, you won't tell us how much you make or what the price is, but we know it's there and I'm trying to understand if they're some synergies between that Melee (ph) Corp and NVX deal that you did.
Robert Herman : I will take that. I'll jump in. Novonix that we've identified 4 key areas that we want to focus on in renewables to generate strong returns that's renewables, batteries, hydrogen, and carbon capture. And so this particularly opportunity falls into the battery filler. And as you noted, we've got a very good feedstock that can be used to generate synthetic graphite to go into anodes, and we went through a screening process, these anode producers are looking at ways to provide -- shorter supply chain options for those that need their services like those that are building electric vehicles and Novonix rose to the top of that screening process in North America, and we liked the team, we liked the technologies they were employing. They've got a low carbon intensity technology to produce the synthetic graphite. They're locating in a place where they can get low carbon electricity, and it's a great way for us to move up the value chain in battery manufacturing and supporting the growth in electric vehicles?
Brian Mandell: I think maybe the other thing I might add is, we know a lot about the specialty coat that goes into the anodes and how to tailor that, and make properties around that. But the further up the value chain we get, the more we can understand the, how we can make those properties special, right? And so that we can drive more value creation, and, at the end of the day, better batteries. And so that's part of what's driving this -- it seek to understand the ultimate customers in this market. So we can help drive performance.
Jeffrey Dietert : I think the other thing I'd add is, there is an increased focus on local content within the U.S. and in Europe. And the advantage of having U.S. facilities serving that market.
Manav Gupta : Thanks Jeff for that. My one quick follow-up here is, look, we understand the chemical margins were off $0.68 of what would not last, but in your opinion, has pandemic fundamentally changed the demand for disposable plastics, which means the mid-cycle could be 5 or 10 or whatever number, over the standard $0.20 to $0.25 per pound. So just trying to understand your outlook for the mid-cycle margins in the chemical space, maybe before the next 2 or 3 years as we see some capacity expansion.
Mark Lashier : We have a mid-cycle margins that there may have been, I think that clearly the plastics industry benefited during the pandemic. I think as there may be some residual effects there, with respect to personal protective equipment and things like that. But I think as the world moves beyond the pandemic, we see things going back to a more normal supply and demand and situation. And I think it contributed to the strong growth that we've seen, And but we don't see it a [Indiscernible]
Manav Gupta : Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question here. CP Chem could you share your a thin outlook over the next, I don't know call it a year. So we do have some new crackers starting up [Indiscernible] ramp of ethane exports. Do you see that incremental demand being covered by incremental production or do we need to pull from either, I guess projection or just overall inventory levels?
Timothy Roberts : Yes. Matt, this is Tim Roberts, and a couple of things on that. 1 is -- there's a couple of drivers that are happening in there. First of all, you still have about a million barrels being rejected, so you've got a sufficient pool that's sitting there that's obviously got to be incented to come out. And so up to this last quarter, it actually was incented to come out. We've seen that flip a little bit here recently. There will be a little bit of pull with a couple of new crackers coming on stream here in the next -- over the next two quarters. But fundamentally, we actually feel that the supply is going to be there. And so it will be sufficient. There's also quite an incentive for people to get out there and make sure they're maximizing gas, production, and then you are seeing, folks out there continue to maintain production. We're seeing NGL is coming off of the crude side, the natural gas side, and then with the rejection that's going on, it feels very sufficient here.
Matthew Blair: Got it, and then on the renewable side, are there any prospects for using renewable hydrogen for your plant and Rodeo? And if so, would that be something potentially near-term or just like much further out?
Robert Herman: Yes. There is a possibility to do that and we continue to explore those avenues, it is not part of the project today. And in fact, we're running mostly third party hydrogen there. So it's really a question for them. But there are opportunities in California to recover renewable natural gas that could find its way to being run by the hydrogen supplier and then that would lower that actually the overall carbon intensity of the diesel we will eventually make.
Matthew Blair : Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Yeah, thanks. Maybe the Balance Sheet Cash Flow question. I mean, in very rough terms here, you're exporting capital cash flow this quarter, roughly when. In equal amounts in the capex dividend and debt reduction. I know you talked about another $500 million in debt reduction before or likely during the fourth quarter. I mean, as we think about your balance sheet that would have you down to about $14.5 billion versus I guess your $12 billion pre -pandemic target. As we think about uses of cash in 2022, and you need to get the balance sheet down about $12 billion level before. So at what point does the potential for buybacks kind of become a part of the excess cash flow?
Kevin Mitchell : Yeah, Ryan, Kevin. What we're trying to balance here is first priority is to protect the credit ratings of the A3 BBB-plus credit ratings, strong investment grade. We want to maintain those ratings. And part of getting there is, in the Balance Sheet back to where it was, but it's also a function of cash-generation at mid-cycle or thereabouts levels. And so I think that once we are -- as we're already making good progress on debt reduction. And when we're in that position of we're clearly back in a mid-cycle type environment. We're generating mid-cycle cash flow. There's a very clear line of sight to the ability to continue to reduce debt down to the levels we want to get to. We should have more flexibility to start thinking about the [Indiscernible] The way to $12 billion before we think about alternatives, as long as the cash-generation is there that we can clearly see our ability to deliver continue to deliver, and consider some of the alternatives around capital allocation.
Ryan Todd: Thanks, and then maybe, I guess maybe as a follow-up to that. As you -- mid-cycle environment for the refining business, one of your large peers who reported earlier talked about their prior expectations for 2022 being below mid-cycle and now they see it as potentially being an above mid-cycle year and refining. When you look at overall supply demand dynamics and various trends in the industry, you see 2022, where do you see it on the refining side in terms of relative to kind of mid-cycle expectations?
Kevin Mitchell : It's always hard to call because we -- invariably, when we make a prediction, we get it wrong. But things seem to be shaping up to be somewhere at least close to mid-cycle. And I think the 1 composition that's not there right now are the crude differentials. So we're still lagging on heavy crude differentials. But there's some light at the end of the tunnel on that as well as we start to see OPEC putting more barrels back into the market. So we could see that start to come back in our favor. But that is probably what's keeping us being a little -- maybe a little bit behind mid-cycle at this point in time, but I opened up to --
Brian Mandell: I would say with low inventories across all products with jet-fuel starting to come back, the government opening up international travel to vaccinated travelers by November 8, I think we'll continue to see the light, heavy DIBS expand. We've seen MEH and also Dubai Brent both expand quite a bit from late July to now, so I think we'll continue to see that expansion. Part of that is, this drive to use more sweet crude even overseas, where people -- where hydrogen is costly, so desulfurization is costly. So people want to switch to -- probably want to switch to more light crude diet. So I think that, things are setting up for a good 2022. We hear we'll call it, an average year for us. But it may be better than that depending on, if inventories continue to decrease.
Greg Garland : Look at realized crack, 12 to 19, 3, 2, 1 RIN adjusted. It's $10-$50 a barrel give or take. And we're $8.50- ish in this quarter. So we're not quite back to a mid-cycle crack, but to the point that you raised earlier, I think -- well, I don't think we're bullish. We had time to grow orange yet, but I do think that we're probably more constructive today on 2022 in refining and moving towards mid-cycle margins than we were any time in the past 19 months, I would say.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Gabelman with Cowen, please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. First, wanted to ask about this other refining bucket in that margin waterfall chart, it's been volatile the past couple quarters. I think was as high as $8 a barrel last quarter, back down to 5 this quarter. Is that difference mostly related to range or are there other things going on and where do you see that trending over the next coming quarters. And then secondly, I just wanted to ask about NGL exposure across the business. NGL prices right now are pretty high, propane inventories are low. Do you have an ability to capture some of that price strength in the Midstream, but business and conversely? Is there an impact to your refining business in the winter due to butane blending and any ability to quantify that would help. Thanks.
Robert Herman : I'll take a shot at a couple of pieces of that. You're right, the other category is our most volatile category and we call it other because everything that isn't straightforward is in there, so you've got renefex in there, you've got inventory effects in there. We've also got product differential effects in there, so on -- particularly in the Atlantic basin when European cracks really disconnect from the Atlantic Coast. We'll see, the plus or minus in that category, inventory accounting can move numbers in there quite a bit and there's a few steady things in there, like freight to get our products to market and those sorts of things are pretty steady, but the volatility really comes product dish and that also includes the timing of our realizations for the products we move up corneal pipeline to the East Coast. That can be very volatile month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. The RIN Inventories, and then just overall market structure in between, the places that we buy themselves our product. It's hard to say that the volatility will slow down. It's kind of always there. The bucket is just outsized right now because of the severe RIN impact that we show in the other [Indiscernible] quarters. On the NGL, [Indiscernible]. Butane blending into gasoline. You run a fair amount. We want to do it if it's economic. So if NGLs prices run up and it doesn't make sense to put it in the gasoline, we won't. Overall in refining as part of our secondary products, we make 4%, 5% NGLs off the refining complexes. So the higher the price for NGLs, the better off we are and lowers that, usually a negative to our income. So overall, we store a lot of our own butane every year to bring back and blend in gasoline but quite frankly, we will sell it into the market if that makes more sense.
Timothy Roberts : On the -- piece, with regard to more along the lines of exposure, taking advantage of the opportunity. You're right, composite barrel's been pretty active. I mean, it's effectively tripled in price here in the last year. But what we do with our system, were predominantly, we're not exposed significantly in commodity cycle there. So we really are fee-based business the way we are structured. Now, what we do, do much like we do with the refining kit is, we have assistant, we're managing around. So as we are buying and selling barrels to optimize our kit, there are opportunities for us to create around this asset and capture and clip a couple of the corners in that process. But it's really to manage and optimize our system to make sure, our barrels as we buy them from the well head, all the way to the point they end up in the market place, That's how we try to position those barrels and we play in that. So we don't have a lot of commodity exposure. It a little bit on our LPG, but that was by design. LPG exports, excuse me. Map was a little bit of that's by design, but most of that business has turned up as well, which should be considered a fee-based business.
Operator: The final question is from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Connor Lynagh: Thank you. I had a couple of questions on federal policy and I know things are early days, but the first is around sustainable aviation fuel, if the incremental credit at or Blenders Credit as discussed right now or it's going to affect how would that alter your thinking around how you're going to configure the Rodeo plant between renewable diesel and Aviation fuel?
Robert Herman : Yes. So today that the design is done, the permit's in so that the opportunity currently to reconfigure what we plan to do there is really not there at this point. But having said that, the refinery itself will make 8% to 10% yield of sustainable aviation fuel that the blenders tax credit as envisioned today, may or may not incent us to do that. It's fairly close. So it will depend on everything else that goes into the margin at that point, whether we actually want to make sustainable aviation fuel or make renewable diesel. And like everything else in the commodity business, we'll let the economics dictate. I think there's plenty of opportunity, as sustainable aviation fuel develops and the market develops for that
Robert Herman : over time to come back and do a de - bottlenecking or add a little bit of kit at Rodeo renewed to make more sustainable aviation fuel is there, and we'll probably make sense, but it's probably going to take more than a $1.5 that the government is anticipating putting out there to make that happen.
Connor Lynagh: [Indiscernible] a couple. The others on carbon capture. And I know you guys have discussed, study and carbon capture as an opportunity. You've got these new target out there for reducing your carbon intensity. So how are you thinking about that? And certainly it would seem that the enhanced incentives if passed would increase third-party developers willingness to build systems. So how are you thinking about it just broadly in terms of the opportunity set for you? And If you were to pursue some largest Gulf projects, would you use your balance sheet? Would you rely on others? How do you think that would look?
Timothy Roberts : I mean, look, this is still evolving as we move forward in this. But we do think carbon capture is going to be key piece of the overall transition and being able to meet some of the targets and goals that have been set out there, whether by 2030 to 2050. It's current capture to maybe key piece of that. I mean, it's already in play currently, just not in a large scale. But we certainly do participate in that. And so a big key piece of that is going to be having a concentration of carbon to capture. I mean, you've got to have areas where there's heavy concentration. You've heard some of the stuff about Houston. And there are other metro areas or industrialized areas, where there may be opportunities to do that as well. We certainly think with our assets and our structure and the products and processes that we do that, it does make sense. Now, the next challenge is, does it make economic sense? We're going to work both sides to that equation, with regard to see, what makes sense and what fits? Whether it's organic, whether it's with a partner, whether it's equity relationships, whether it's technology partnerships. I think at this point in time, we're not going to single in on one way. We're going to find out what the opportunity is and what value is and then determine what's the best path to maximize and optimize values.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Dietert: Thank you Tim. Thank you all for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please contact Shannon or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Hilary and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon and welcome to Phillips 66 Partners Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President and COO and Casey Gorder, General Manager, Operations. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's presentations and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon, everyone. In the second quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered solid financial results and reliable operating performance across the business. Our earnings reflect higher throughput on our wholly owned and joint venture assets. During the quarter we advanced our capital program, to continue construction of the C2G pipeline connecting the Clemens storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The pipeline is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of this year. The Bakken pipeline optimization project continues to progress with the next phase of incremental capacity commencing service this month. The C2G pipeline and the Bakken pipeline are both supported by long term commitments. In July, the Board of Directors approved the second quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit, unchanged from the first quarter of 2021. Phillips 66 Partners remains committed to safe, reliable operations, a strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation. Moving to slide 4 to discuss financial results. Phillips 66 Partners reported second quarter earnings of $225 million compared with a first quarter loss of $18 million. Our first quarter results include a $198 million impairment resulting from the partnerships decision to exit the Liberty pipeline project. Adjusted EBITDA was $337 million this quarter, an increase of $48 million from the prior quarter. The improvement in earnings and adjusted EBITDA reflect higher volumes and lower utility costs following the first quarter winter storms, as well as higher pipeline and terminal volumes due to increase utilization Phillips 66 operated refineries. Second quarter of distributable cash flow was $267 million, up $34 million from the prior quarter. The increase reflects improved earnings, which are partly offset by higher maintenance capital in the second quarter. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the second quarter with $2 million of cash and $734 million available under our revolving credit facility. We funded $44 million of growth capital during the quarter. This included spends on the C2G pipeline and funding for the Bakken pipeline optimization project. The debt to EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 3.0, which is consistent with a target to remain below 3.5. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.34. In April, repaid $60 million of tax exempt bonds and borrowed $450 million under a new term loan agreement. Proceeds were primarily used to repay amounts borrowed under the partnerships revolving credit facility. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, Anthony and team. Kevin, you're generally not in the practice of providing firm guidance but was hoping maybe to help frame what the second half of the year might look like relative to the first half. We'll just be helpful to hear your thoughts on the macro environment. Maybe any specific drivers performance as we add here into the second half?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Spiro. I think Tim's going to make a few comments on that.
Tim Roberts: Yes. Spiro. With regard to the macros, I mean, obviously the first quarter was impacted by and one there's a seasonal element coupled with the fact that you had there winter storms. So as things were picked up and there is been a recovery in the overall market from COVID we've benefited clearly in 2Q with regard to refining utilization. And then also we've seen some increasing production out in the basins. I mean, nothing too extreme. But nonetheless, you are seeing a normalization going on as demand is picking up globally. We would expect that to continue through the third quarter. And then through the fourth quarter, obviously there are some elements that you see some seasonality. But generally speaking, second quarter moving into third quarter we feel very constructive, especially as demand continues to pick up globally.
Spiro Dounis: Great, Kim, thanks for that. Second question is just around capital return. Seeing some peers now start to re commence distribution growth and formalize and buyback programs just given that that stabilization in the macro outlook. So I'm just curious how you guys are describe your capital return goals as we say here today, what you sort of need to see first, either reconvince distribution growth or initiate a buyback program and buyback specifically, we're seeing some peers buyback at ECF levels or yields of around 11%, PSXP, of course trading north of that right now, sort of imagine that scene is attractive, but I'm sure you've got duration there that will be helpful to sort of lay out.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes Spiro. As you look at the overall capital allocation priorities, it really all comes down to how we manage coverage and leverage. So from a, in terms of the committed outflows, we've got the maintenance capital which that's going to continue. So this year, I think that maintenance capital budget is $135 million or so. And I don't anticipate that being dramatically different as you look into future years, the growth capital this year, the budgets $165 million. That's as there's more limited opportunities than we've had historically or in the earlier years of the MLP and that probably continues to be relatively low compared to historical levels. But at the same time, you look at where we are from a coverage standpoint this quarter 1.34, which, for PSXP is quite strong. But in overall, the overall scheme of things that doesn't actually give you that much flexibility. I think, and one of the reasons it was strong in the second quarter is because we had a lower maintenance capital. So you can revert to some of the more normal maintenance capital in absolute dollar terms that's maybe $50 million, a quarter of coverage to basically fund growth capital and then whatever other discretionary uses of capital you may have out there. So I don't think there is a lot of room to do much for a period of time, at least beyond some modest amounts of growth capital within the sort of overall construct of the available cash that we have available.
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Thats a super covered. Thanks for that Kevin. All right, thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks Spiro.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Blum with Wells Fargo.
Michael Blum: Good afternoon. I want to maybe stay on these topics. Can you just maybe expand a little bit on your comments on growth capital? Do you see any either large or small potential projects on the horizon whether it kind of nature of those and if the answer is not really then I just love your latest thoughts on just how you view the MLP within the structure of Philips family if there really isn't a need to finance any growth in midstream. Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I think that you'll see continued, I'll call them optimization projects around the existing infrastructures. PSXP is a really nice portfolio of assets. And they will continue to be opportunities to invest around those. They tend to be relatively small projects, but they also tend to be very attractive economics. And so we'll continue to do that. Given where, if you just step back and look at the sort of macro midstream environment, where generally there is the sort of major pieces of infrastructure are already in place to feed the needs of the right there. So I think it's much less likely that you're going to see significant investment in organic growth projects. So I think it's going to be more continuation of some of these smaller optimization type projects from that standpoint. Tim do you have any other perspective on that?
Tim Roberts: I think you've covered it. To give us a little bit of context on the smaller projects, Michael is going to be at one of our sites, maybe on [indiscernible] and we may have to add 10 miles of pipe. We had a storage tank in some of our terminals, we may add truck racks. But that's the type of scope we're talking about as far as the incremental optimization opportunities.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Mackay with Goldman Sachs.
John Mackay: Hey, everyone, thanks for the time. I just wanted to follow up on part of Michael's question that didn't quite get an answer there. I think just curious if you can spend a minute or two talking about how PSX is looking at PSXP from a strategic standpoint here and kind of what the outlook there could be?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think given that this is a PSXP call, I think all we can do is we iterate what we've said in the past and in reference to the 13-D filing that was done, I think must be coming up to a year ago. Now it was about a year ago. And that was basically gave PSX the flexibility to consider alternatives around the path forward for the MLP. But it certainly does not obligate any particular decisions or path forward. And I think we just leave it at that, those statements still hold true that the 13-D gives the PSX flexibility to consider alternatives. But there is really no more to say on that at this point.
John Mackay: I think it feels like a year, that would have been like six months ago. But that's fine like on -- maybe just one smaller one, just in terms of the smaller projects that could come up. I'm just thinking in terms of messaging. Are these things that you guys expect to kind of keep talking about in releases or the kind of thing where, hey, if we don't start to see something in next couple of releases, maybe it looks like 2022 CapEx could be a lot lower?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Look, I think it does depend on the size of the project. It's hard for us with regard to a release to be talking about maybe a $3 million project. So I would say it depends on what the size of the project would be. I mean some of these, if you're adding a pipeline or pipe, some stub a lateral onto an existing pipe with some tanks. I mean, you can get up into the 10s of millions of dollars there, but not 100s of millions of dollars. So depending on where that is and it's hard for me to give you that cut off, it feels material that PSXP obviously, we would have some sort of release but certainly during earnings calls or even in our Qs we'll talk about projects that are underway or projects that most projects are underway or are being completed.
John Mackay: That makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to start with the DAPL expansion there. Wondering if you might be able to provide some color as far as the first expansion come online, what was the cost for PSXP on that? What type of capacity was coming online with this first expansion here? And are there any regulatory approvals that are needed to put that capacity in service?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Jeremy, thanks. Good question. So yes the expansion takes capacity up to around 750,000 barrels a day. The spending relative to PSXP in 2021 is a little bit under $550 million. We think that through next year we'll be at kind of $325 million or so is kind of a capital number. That's where we kind of zero on the capital invested front.
Tim Roberts: And on the regulatory approvals, those have already been received. So nothing outstanding at this point in time.
Kevin Mitchell: Starting up this month. 
Tim Roberts: Yes. That [indiscernible] capability and permissioning and it started --
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful. Thanks to that. And then with the C2G pipeline here being perspective is tied to the [indiscernible] cracker or just any other drivers to that timeline shift?
Kevin Mitchell: No, it's really weather related was the timeline shift. And we've said all along that the real kind of commercial in service date would be year end. And then there may be some potential to flow some barrels North bound between kind of mechanical completion and commercial in service at the end of the year. With weather delays that window for kind of North bound volumes has narrowed. But I think we said last quarter, we didn't expect those to be material anyway and still wouldn't expect them to be material. So no change to the ultimate in service date of the larger project or the NBCs underpinning that project.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks. And last one, if I could sneak it in. It seems like the midstream landscape has changed a bit. And there has been maybe a little bit more activity on the M&A side particularly as it relates to liquids, logistics, terminals, what have you. Just wondering, I guess PSXP's thoughts on consolidation, the midstream sector at all, if there's any thought you want to share there.
Kevin Mitchell: I think Jeremy, you've probably heard us say in the past that we do think that if you just take a sort of big picture, view that across [Technical Difficulty] and so there's a lot of players out there in midstream. And I think part of one of the impediments to more consolidation or at least easier consolidation is just the capital structure across the midstream space with so many of these MLPs with different governance models which I think precludes some of that potentially happening. But ultimately, I think for the mid stream business to compete well, it needs to be, there needs to be some consolidation, we drive efficiencies, shut down idle plants and leverage the infrastructure that's available and create some value that way.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff. 
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. Please give Shannon or me a call if you have any follow up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Hilary and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon and welcome to Phillips 66 Partners First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President and COO and Casey Gorder, General Manager, Operations. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be looking, making forward-looking statements during today's presentations and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon, everyone. In the first quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered safe, reliable operations despite the challenging operating conditions. Our results reflect winter storm impacts and the partnership's decision to exit the Liberty Pipeline project. We continue to execute our capital program during the quarter. We advanced construction of the C2G Pipeline and the South Texas Gateway Terminal was completed. These assets are supported by long-term customer commitments. The Board of Directors approved a first quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit unchanged from the fourth quarter 2020. Moving on to slide 4 to discuss financial results. Phillips 66 Partners reported a first quarter loss of $18 million compared with earnings of $104 million in the fourth quarter. The decrease was primarily due to $198 million impairment related to the partnership's decision to exit the Liberty Pipeline project, compared with impairments of $96 million in the prior quarter. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $289 million, down $29 million from the fourth quarter. The partnership's wholly owned and joint venture assets have reduced volumes and higher utility costs in the first quarter. This was largely due to the winter storms impacting the central and Gulf Coast regions. First quarter distributable cash flow was $233 million, down $7 million from the prior quarter. The decrease reflects lower earnings due to the winter storms, partially offset by lower maintenance CapEx in the first quarter. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the first quarter with $3 million of cash and $299 million available under our revolving credit facility. We funded $52 million of growth capital during the quarter. This included spend on the C2G Pipeline and investment in South Texas Gateway Terminal. The debt to EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 3.2, which is consistent with our target to remain below 3.5. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.17. On April 1st, we repaid $50 million of tax exempt bonds. Also in April, the partnership borrowed $450 million under a new term loan agreement. Proceeds were primarily used to repay amounts borrowed under the partnerships revolving credit facility. Before turning the call over to Casey, I'll provide an update on Dakota Access Pipeline. We recognized there is ongoing uncertainty associated with the litigation. The pipeline continues normal operations during the legal proceedings. At a hearing on April 9, the Army Corps of Engineers indicated that they will not seek a shutdown of the pipeline and instead will leave the matter to DC federal district court. That court is currently considering whether to grant the plaintiffs motion to shut down the pipeline, while the Corps completes its environmental impact statement. That decision could come at any time. The economic implications of any shutdown, while the legal process plays out extend beyond the pipeline owners to producers, Tribal Nations, customers, state and local governments, consumers and workers throughout the energy value chain. Dakota Access pipeline has a history of safe operations and we believe it should be allowed to operate while the litigation continues. Phillips 66 Partners remains focused on operating excellence, strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation. Now, Casey will provide an update on our growth projects.
Casey Gorder: Thanks, Kevin and hello everyone. Moving on to slide 6, I'll provide an update on our major projects, which continued to progress during the quarter. The South Texas Gateway Terminal commissioned additional storage, bringing total capacity to 8.6 million barrels. This completes the final construction phase. In addition, the terminal has up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal. We continued construction of the C2G Pipeline connecting the Clemens storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. We finished pipeline construction and the facilities construction is ongoing. The project is backed by long-term commitments and is expected to be completed in mid-2021. In addition, we continue to develop low capital, high return projects that optimize our existing portfolio of assets. These quick win opportunities enable us to meet customer demand, while maintaining capital discipline. This concludes our prepared remarks, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Theresa Chen from Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Kevin, I wanted to go back to your comments about Dakota Access and regarding the situation here. Can you just walk us through your expectations on the next steps in the legal process including the recent appeal to the Supreme Court and your expected timeline on this?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, so the next steps here are that sort of Judge Forsberg issued an order asking the Army Corp Engineers to update its latest estimate for completion of the EIS. And also for the Corp to provide its position if it has one and whether an injunction should be issued. So the judge requested the Corp come back to the court next week on that. And so that's really the next potential for that to be some kind of new statement is from some point next week onwards. I think consistent with what we said in the past, I think regardless of the outcome of what happens next, we believe this legal process is just going to continue progressing. So I still think there's actually quite a bit of uncertainty around DAPL despite our views that it should continue to operate and we've been consistent in that from the beginning. I still think there's a fair amount of uncertainty around that. I think the appeal that you were referring to was the appeal by Dakota Access to the appellate court for a rehearing that was turned down. So that request for appeal was denied. And so really what we're left with is the Federal District Court Judge Forsberg and his request for the court to come back next week.
Theresa Chen: Okay. I guess in relation to the updated language in their recent Schedule 13D, can you talk about your thought process about the partnership as a viable standalone entity over the long-term. And if this is contingent on the DAPL outcome or do you view these two events as completely independent of one another?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. And so that's really a -- that was a PSXP filing, but really by PSX as an owner of PSXP. And if so from a sponsor standpoint what that filing does is provide PSX with flexibility to consider alternatives around its ownership and possible actions it may want to do and stay consistent within the SEC regulations. The previous 13B that was out there at [indiscernible] from IPO and so that's the first time that there has been a change in that status. And so really what it does, it just give PSX flexibility to consider alternatives around that. It doesn't mean to say anything is going to happen, but at least it provides that flexibility, but I do think that as you step back and look at the sort of MLP landscape, a lot has changed over the last seven, eight years or so, which is the duration of PSXP. And so we're now in a position where there is a lot less midstream growth opportunities out there in this environment we're in. You've also lost that cost of capital advantage that usually present at the MLP. And so the sort of ability to fund through equity is a lot more challenged and on a relative basis when the cost of capital advantage isnt there, it's just harder to justify projects at the MLP versus say the sponsor doing project themselves. So it just puts more of a question mark around that. I wouldn't really tie that to DAPL. DAPL is an added uncertainty for the MLP obviously, but I don't think that the DAPL on its own is going to drive any specific decisions around that.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Kevin, if you could maybe just pick up on that question a bit and maybe I'll ask it differently. I guess if we could imagine for a second that we're beyond Apple has been resolved, let's call it mostly back to normal. Just curious what your priorities are in that environment and where you think and you're focusing your time, you entered it a bit there, but just curious how important it is for PSXP to be a growth vehicle again here in the near-term. I think I heard on the PSX call, it sound like the focus for the next few years is going to be deleveraging, harvesting that cash flow, I think you mentioned obviously the environment is not conducive to growth right now. And so I'm just curious, is that more or less the sort of track that PSXP is going to follow as well?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think it's natural to assume that what is being said at the PSX level around growth and growth in midstream is going to have a knock-on effect at the MLP. And so you look at where PSX today capital program, midstream has $300 million of growth capital, of which half of that is the MLP. And so compare that to the previous few years, that's a dramatic fall off and there is multiple reasons for that, but specifically the opportunities for a lot of those large-scale projects are no longer there. And so I just think that's going to shape the trajectory of the MLP into the future as well until we see some sort of dramatic change in the overall sector that will provide for attractive growth opportunities.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. Appreciate the color there. Second one just on C2G, looks like start-up still on track for mid-2021, but I know you guys have mentioned in the past that the contract, cash flows, they really don't start to show up until early 2022, as I realize there is something hard to guide to, but is there anything stopping you from marketing [indiscernible] pipeline until the contract commences?
Casey Gorder: Yes, this is Casey. No, there's not and there may be some volumes in advance of that beginning of 2022 start-up of the kind of major contract on the asset, but we expect them to be hugely material either.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. That's all I had. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Mackay with Goldman Sachs.
John Mackay: Hey, everyone. Thanks for the time. Just wanted to circle up on that growth question. Understand growth coming down across the space, also understand the kind of cost of capital headwind for PSXP, we also had PSX kind of announcing it starting to move forward, they got on track for, just curious if that's something that if you guys are thinking about moving down to the partnership at any point?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I don't think so at this point. You will see that Frac 1 sits at the MLP over the course of the last two years or so PSX has completed Fracs 2 and 3. And I know originally a Frac 4 was as a quick follow on behind those two. We -- PSX made the decision to suspend that given all the uncertainty last year in terms of trying to reduce its capital spending outlays and made the statement this morning that we'd anticipate going back to that second half of this year, but I think at this point it's reasonable to assume that's where it's going to reside, PSX will.
John Mackay: All right. Got it. Thank you. Maybe just one follow-up. Curious on the term loan, so matures in a year, it's a little bit different from what we normally see from you, just curious of that getting a little bit more liquidity ahead of a DAPL announcement or if there is anything else going on there?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, the primary objective there was, we had been running, we've been doing in and out of the revolver up to that sort of $400 million, $500 million level periodically. And so we decided to term some of that out, although still relatively short term, which gives us plenty of flexibility and it frees up liquidity on the revolver for whatever means we might need it. It's just when you have a revolver that's a $750 million revolver and if you're periodically getting into sort of two-third of that capacity, then you're dramatically reducing the available liquidity potentially at times when you might need it the most. And so we just felt it was the prudent thing to do to recreate that liquidity capacity.
John Mackay: Understood. That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. If you have any further questions, please call Shannon or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-29 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Dietert  Vice President, Investor Relations Kevin Mitchell  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Casey Gorder  General Manager, Operations Tim Roberts  Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Spiro Dounis  Credit Suisse Theresa Chen  Barclays Jeremy Tonet  JPMorgan John Mackay  Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is David, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon, and welcome to Phillips 66 Partners fourth quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President and COO; Casey Gorder, General Manager, Operations. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon, everyone. In the fourth quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered strong operating performance and solid results in a challenging market environment. We achieved a major milestone at the South Texas Gateway Terminal with the completion of the second dock and the loading of its first VLCC. The Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit unchanged from the fourth quarter 2019. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss full year highlights. The partnership demonstrated the strength of its fee-based portfolio. Despite the unprecedented challenges of 2020 adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow only declined modestly from our strong 2019 performance. We continue to operate safely and reliably. Phillips 66 Partners reported earnings of $791 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.2 billion. We continue to execute our growth program. The Gray Oak Pipeline, our largest project to date reached full operations in the second quarter and the expanded capacity at Clemens Caverns was placed into service in July. In addition, we advanced the South Texas Gateway Terminal and continued construction of the C2G Pipeline. These assets all supported by long-term customer commitments will further integrate our portfolio. Moving on to Slide 5 to discuss financial results for the quarter. The partnership reported fourth quarter earnings of $104 million, compared with $206 million in the third quarter. The decrease was due to $96 million of impairments related to investments in two crude oil logistics joint ventures. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $318 million. This was an increase of $5 million from the third quarter due to higher Bakken Pipeline volumes, partially offset by lower volumes on the Sand Hills Pipeline. Fourth quarter distributable cash flow was $240 million, down $3 million from the prior quarter. The decrease reflects higher maintenance CapEx in the fourth quarter. Slide 6 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the fourth quarter with $7 million of cash and $334 million available under our revolving credit facility. The partnership funded $90 million of growth capital during the quarter, this included spend on the C2G Pipeline and investment in the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 2.9, which is consistent with our target to remain below 3.5. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.2. We recognized the ongoing uncertainty associated with the Dakota Access pipeline litigation. Earlier this week, the appellate court affirmed that Dakota must prepare an environmental impact study, which is already underway and is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The court also affirmed the vacating of the easement under Lake Oahe. While the court did not mandate the shutdown of the pipeline, while the EIS is being prepared, it recognized there's a pending motion for injunction on that issue in the lower court. The economic implications are a temporary shutdown extended beyond the pipeline owners to customers, state and local governments, consumers and workers throughout the energy value chain. Dakota Access pipeline has a history of safe operations and we believe it should be allowed to operate, while this matter continues to process. We will continue to consider options as the legal process plays out. Phillips 66 Partners remains focused on those areas within our control including safe, reliable operations and disciplined capital allocation to maintain financial flexibility. Now, Casey will provide an update on our growth projects.
Casey Gorder: Thank you, Kevin, and hello everyone. Moving to Slide 7, I'll provide an update on our major projects, which continue to progress during the quarter. At the South Texas Gateway Terminal, the second dock commenced crude oil export operations in the fourth quarter. This enables the berthing and loading of two vessels at the same time with up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. We expect construction to be completed in the first quarter of 2021 with total storage capacity of $8.6 million barrels. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal. We continue construction of the C2G Pipeline, connecting Clemens storage Caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The project is backed by long-term commitments. Pipeline construction is about 85% complete and is expected to start-up in mid 2021. We continue to execute on projects that optimize our existing asset base, including the Zena Lateral associated with the Gray Oak Pipeline. Our integrated portfolio has created a number of opportunities for capital efficient high return optimization projects. We will continue to identify and evaluate these quick win projects to meet customer demand, while maintaining capital discipline. The 2021 capital budget of $300 million includes $165 million for growth and $135 million for maintenance capital. Growth capital will be directed towards in-flight and optimization projects. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Spiro Dounis with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hi, afternoon guys. Question for you Kevin first maybe, in the past you talked about achieving $1.5 billion EBITDA run rate, realized we're not there yet, but barring the Bakken Pipeline for a second, is that still a good way to think about your earnings power, I guess, as the market normalizes of this current asset base? Or is it going to take incremental investment to get there at some point?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I think to get to $1.5 billion of EBITDA; you probably don't quite get there with the current asset base in part if I remember right and Tim I need to confirm this for me. I think we included Liberty in that and so that's the big difference between what we had at the time we made that statement versus where we are today. So that's really the primary differentiator versus those previous projections.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. That's helpful. And then next question perhaps not surprisingly just on Dakota Access, I realized a fair amount is out of your control and I appreciate your update on that Kevin, but I guess if we could just focus on what is in your control and I guess that's how you would react to a potential closure and I think this is probably what's on most people's minds. But I guess what tools are at your disposal, not from a legal perspective, but just in terms of the balance sheet and how you react to the extent that closure is actually just a temporary measure to the extent not only extends inside of a year, if that's really all the EIS is going to take. Do you feel compelled to react to that or is that a weighted out type of strategy?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think, if we're in a situation where there's a shutdown, even if temporary, there's going to be a fair amount of uncertainty as to how long that's going to last. And so, we do think about all of the options available to us. And from a financial standpoint, there are really two main levers and that's growth capital and the distribution. Growth capital has already come down significantly. So Casey mentioned the $165 million in the budget this year that's significantly lower than where we've been the last couple of years. So there's a little bit of room there, but not a lot. And so I just say all options are on the table. We're not going to give any specific guidance at this point of time other than to reinforce that any decisions we make are going to be focused on preserving the balance sheet at PSXP and protecting the best interest of all the unitholders.
Spiro Dounis: Understood, that's it for me. Thanks guys and have a good weekend.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks.
Operator: Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Hi. So I wanted to follow up on the DAPL topic. I mean, where the units currently sit, it looks like about 80% to 90% probability of a shutdown is priced into PSXP stock. And I wanted to hear from your own words, what are your expectations for the February 10th hearing? What do you think the potential outcomes are and their perspective likelihoods?
Tim Roberts: Hi, Theresa. This is Tim. I think, Kevin, actually summarized this. It feels fairly binary with regard to [indiscernible] it's not. And then at that point we've got options that we would want to look at and we're going to deal with Energy Transfer. They've got their earnings call. They'll probably want to deal with take the point on this, but we're in discussions with them as far as what legal options we have. Obviously, it's in our interest to continue to pursue keeping the pipeline running.
Casey Gorder: Yes, Energy Transfer is leading the legal effort on that project.
Theresa Chen: Okay. And Kevin to your earlier comment about the distribution as a potential lever to preserve the balance sheet and protect unitholders. So if the pipeline does shut and you pull that lever, what kind of coverage do you think that the base business should target given that you do have long-term plan for the Midstream business and equity markets remain closed? Would you target something higher than what you have historically?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, it's  I love to get into a path of trying to speculate where we might go on the distribution specifically, but we're triangulating around the balance sheet metrics, thinking about debt metrics as well as coverage metrics from a distribution standpoint. So it's not just about having the cash generation, the distributable cash flow to be able to cover the distribution. It's the broader picture of the balance sheet and the leverage metrics around that as well. And so, we're just thinking through all of those elements.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good afternoon.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to start with Phillips  PSX had been talking about the real world's fuels business and potentially some expansions there. I'm just wondering if that could translate into opportunities for PSXP or how that might impact the partnership overall?
Tim Roberts: Yes, it can. I would say right now that, for example, Rodeo, you do Rodeo, you're still going to be moving the fuels, so that really doesn't change whether it's renewable fuel or not, its still going to be using pipelines and terminals to go ahead and get the product to market. Now, good and bad side of that is really PSXP does not have much as far as any footprint out on the West Coast. So this would benefit the PSX Midstream segment. But if our footprint were to expand into other locations for renewable, clearly that may overlap with some PSXP assets.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. And I would just say, Jeremy, as long as it generates its qualifying EBITDA from that standpoint for the MLP then those types of assets would lend themselves to that structure. So, there's no reason to think that if we had those types of assets within the broader portfolio, they couldn't be candidates to be in the MLP. So I think there's certainly some something that could be possible in the future.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. And maybe touching on a point you raised there just we  there's the potential for capacity rationalization on the refinery side in the U.S. Going forward I am just wondering what's PSXP's view on that? How it could impact the partnership? How do you see the refiners that PSXP stands on the cost curve there?
Tim Roberts: I would tell  I mean, Jeremy, I think to keep it fairly simple is that really where a lot of the PSXP assets are located around Mid-Con and we feel we have got a highly integrated, highly competitive footprint. And so, we do feel like we're well positioned both now and into the future with those assets and our PSXP is associated with those assets.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And just want to touch on terminal volumes a little bit there. I think they might have touched down quarter-over-quarter, 3Q into 4Q when we thought maybe they would have ticked up a little bit there. Just wondering if you could touch on drivers to that.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think on the volume piece, it's really just a reflection of refinery utilization. I think that was consistent with what we saw on the pipeline assets as well that you saw the terminal volumes decreased quarter-over-quarter.
Operator: John Mackay with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
John Mackay: I just wanted to follow up one more on DAPL. I understand comments you made on this ongoing process. Just looking for maybe a more specific one, you might be able to answer. Just in terms of  could you talk about what the specific trigger for PSXP needing to share  needing to fund its share of the DAPL debt would specifically look like? And if this was a temporary shutdown during an EIS for instance, what would happen in that case?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. John, this is Kevin. A temporary shutdown would be unlikely to trigger an action under the debt. Now, you probably get into a how long is temporary, but the way we think about this sort of big picture is that it would take a permanent shutdown that would be sort of more conclusive in terms of that determination around it being a triggering event. And so that's all laid out within the loan agreements around that in terms of that criteria. And so the way we think about it a temporary shutdown would not be a trigger, the permanent shutdown would be.
John Mackay: I understood. That's helpful. Thank you. Maybe just turning slightly to  a slight easier one. Can you just comment on the impairment this quarter and what drove that and what assets those where?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, so we have two impairments both of them were crude oil logistics related, one was a rail terminal in North Dakota, the other was a crude pipeline in the Mid-Continent. In both cases, it's really sort of normal process. We assess all of our assets and then investments for impairment periodically. And just when we look at the future projections around production and revenues, they sort of didn't pass the threshold to maintain the previous book value investment. And so, we took the appropriate impairment.
John Mackay: Great, thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you. We appreciate your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. And please follow up with Shannon or me if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is David, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP of Midstream. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q& A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Okay. Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our diversified integrated portfolio, strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation enable us to navigate through this challenging market environment. In the third quarter, we delivered improved results in our Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing businesses. We had an adjusted loss of $1 million or $0.01 per share and generated $795 million of operating cash flow, excluding working capital. We're proud of our employees and how they continue to step up to the challenges of 2020, including the pandemic, the West Coast fires, Gulf Coast hurricanes. Most recently, our people responded to the storms by helping their families, their neighbors and safeguarding our assets. Through our employees' commitment to operating excellence, our facilities were secured and sustained minimal damage. Our company has provided $7 million in assistance to our employees and contributions to communities across the Gulf Coast to help those affected by the storms. Our employees continue to execute our strategy with an unwavering focus on operating excellence in what has been a very uncertain and challenging environment. Our year-to-date safety results are exceeding last year's industry-leading performance despite the current challenges. Every day, we strive toward a zero incident, zero accident workplace and to keep our people healthy and safe. In the third quarter, we returned $393 million to our shareholders through dividends. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Since we formed the company, we returned over $27 billion to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and exchanges. In the near term, our focus is on ensuring the financial and operational strength of our company and overcoming this period of market weakness. We expect to exceed the $500 million in cost reductions and the $700 million in consolidated capital spending reductions announced earlier this year. We will continue to maintain disciplined capital allocation with a focus on long-term value creation for our shareholders. We're executing our growth strategy and achieved a major milestone with the completion of the Sweeny Hub Phase 2 expansion. We completed the 2 new 150,000 barrel a day fractionators at the Sweeny Hub, bringing the site's total fractionation capacity to 400,000 barrels per day. Frac 2 reached full rates in September, and Frac 3 started operations in October. Both fractionators have operated at rates exceeding design capacity. The fractionators are supported by long-term customer commitments. Phillips 66 Partners continued construction on the C2G pipeline, connecting its Clemens storage caverns to petrochemical facilities in the Corpus Christi area. The project is backed by long-term commitments and is expected to be completed in mid-2021. At the South Texas Gateway Terminal, the first stock and 5.1 million barrels of storage capacity have been commissioned. Terminal operations are expected to ramp up through the end of this year as additional phases of construction are finished. We expect the project to be completed in the first quarter of 2021 with a total storage capacity of 8.6 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Phillips 66 partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal. As we wrap up our major projects in execution this year, we expect that total capital spending for 2021 will be $2 billion or less. We look forward to sharing the details of our 2021 capital program with you in December, applying the approval of our Board. Phillips 66 recognizes the climate challenge and is making investments to competitively position the company for a more carbon future. Recently, we announced plans to reconfigure our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California, into the world's largest renewable fuels facility to meet the growing demand for renewable energy. The plant will no longer produce fuels from crude oil, but instead, we'll have the flexibility to run used cooking oil, fats, greases and other feedstocks. Upon completion in early 2024, the facility will have over 50,000 barrels per day or 800 million gallons per year of renewable fuel production capacity. This capital-efficient investment is expected to deliver strong returns. The conversion is expected to reduce the plant's greenhouse gas emissions by 50% and help California meet its low carbon objectives. Earlier this month, CPChem announced its first commercial scale production of polyethylene from recycled mixed waste plastics. This development is an important milestone, further demonstrating CPChem's commitment to proactively help the world find sustainable solutions, including elimination of plastics waste in the environment. We have a dual challenge of providing affordable, abundant, reliable energy to the world and also addressing the global climate challenge. Our company is committed to both while continuing to deliver shareholder returns. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on slide 4, we summarize our financial results. We reported a third quarter loss of $799 million. We had special items amounting to an after-tax loss of $798 million including impairments related to the planned conversion of the San Francisco refinery to a renewable fuels facility as well as the cancellation of the Red Oak pipeline project. Excluding special items, we had an adjusted loss of $1 million or $0.01 per share. Operating cash flow was $795 million, excluding working capital. Adjusted capital spending for the quarter was $549 million, including $347 million for group projects. We returned $393 million to shareholders through dividends. Moving to slide 5. This slide shows the change in adjusted results from the second quarter to the third quarter, an improvement of $323 million. Adjusted pretax results across all segments were improved, except refining. The income tax benefit was mainly driven by bonus depreciation on assets recently completed and the ability under the CARES Act to carry back net operating losses to previous periods. Slide 6 shows our midstream results. Third quarter adjusted pretax income was $354 million, an increase of $109 million from the previous quarter. Transportation-adjusted pretax income was $202 million, up $72 million from the previous quarter. The increase was due to higher pipeline and terminal volumes supported by recovering demand. Third quarter results reflect a ramp-up of volumes on the Gray Oak pipeline and the start-up of South Texas Gateway Terminal. NGL and other delivered adjusted pretax income of $102 million. The $19 million increase from the prior quarter was due to higher Sweeny Hub volumes and inventory impacts. At the Sweeny Hub, the Freeport LPG export facility averaged 12 cargoes per month, and Frac 1 averaged 120,000 barrels per day. DCP Midstream adjusted pretax income of $50 million was up $18 million from the previous quarter, reflecting hedging impacts. Turning to Chemicals on slide 7. Third quarter adjusted pretax income was $132 million, up $43 million from the second quarter. Olefins and polyolefins' adjusted pretax income was $148 million. The $42 million increase from the previous quarter is due to higher polyethylene margins driven by improved sales prices, partially offset by lower polyethylene volumes and higher operating costs. Global O&P utilization was 94%, reflecting downtime at US Gulf Coast facilities. CPChem proactively shut down facilities in preparation for the storms that made landfall in the third quarter. The facility sustained minimal damage and have returned to normal operations. Adjusted pretax income for SA&S decreased $6 million, primarily due to lower margins, partially offset by higher volumes. During the third quarter, we received $112 million in cash distributions from CPChem. Turning to Refining on slide 8. Refining third quarter adjusted pretax loss was $970 million, down from an adjusted pretax loss of $867 million last quarter. The decrease was due to lower realized margins partially offset by higher volumes. Realized margins for the quarter decreased by 32% to $1.78 per barrel. The decrease reflects tightening crude spreads and the absence of the steep contango market structure experienced in the second quarter. In addition, secondary product margins were lower due to rising crude prices. Crude utilization was 77% compared with 75% last quarter. Improved utilization reflects increased refining runs in the Central Corridor and West Coast regions, partially offset by downtime at Gulf Coast refineries. We shut the Lake Charles refinery in late August and the Alliance refinery in mid-September in preparation for hurricanes Laura and Sally. Lake Charles downtime was extended due to third-party power supply issues following Hurricane Laura, and restart was further delayed by Hurricane Delta. The Lake Charles refinery has safely resumed operations, and Alliance remains down for planned turnaround activity. Pretax turnaround costs were $41 million, in line with the prior quarter. The third quarter green product yield was 85%. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the third quarter was $8.17 per barrel compared to $7.47 per barrel in the second quarter. Realized margin was $1.78 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 22%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 35%. Market capture is impacted by refinery configuration. We make less gasoline and more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. During the quarter, the distillate crack decreased $2.46 per barrel, and the gasoline crack improved $2.27 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $1.80 per barrel increased $0.85 per barrel from the previous quarter due to rising crude prices. Losses from feedstock were $0.35 per barrel compared with $0.67 per barrel last quarter. The other category reduced realized margins by $2.77 per barrel. This category includes RINs, freight costs, clean product realizations and inventory impacts. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted third quarter pretax income was $417 million, $124 million higher than the second quarter. Marketing and other increased $107 million due to higher margins and volumes. The marketing business captured strong margins during the quarter and benefited from recovering demand. Specialties increased $17 million due to higher finished lubricants volumes. We reimaged 284 domestic branded sites during the third quarter, bringing the total to approximately 5,000 since the start of the program. In our international marketing business, we reimaged 31 European sites, bringing the total to 143 since the program's inception. Refined product exports in the third quarter were 139,000 barrels per day, a decrease from the prior quarter. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pretax costs of $213 million, a decrease of $11 million from the prior quarter. The improvement is primarily due to lower employee-related expenses, partially offset by higher net interest expense. Slide 12 shows the change in cash for the quarter. We started the quarter with $1.9 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations was $795 million, excluding working capital. There was a working capital use of $304 million driven by an increase in tax receivables. Our net debt issuances were $70 million. Adjusted capital spending was $549 million. We expect full year 2020 adjusted capital to be approximately $2.9 billion. We returned $393 million to shareholders through dividends. Our ending cash balance was $1.5 billion. We remain focused on conserving cash and maintaining strong liquidity in the current environment. At September 30, we had $7 billion of committed liquidity, reflecting $1.5 billion of cash plus available capacity on our credit facilities of $5 billion at Phillips 66 and $0.5 billion of Phillips 66 Partners. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the fourth quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, crude utilization will be adjusted according to market conditions. In October, utilization has been in the mid-60% range, impacted by downtime at the Lake Charles and Alliance refineries. We expect fourth quarter pretax turnaround expenses to be between $80 million and $100 million. We anticipate fourth quarter Corporate and Other costs come in between $220 million and $230 million pretax. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Thanks so much guys, and good morning. My opening question is around the balance sheet and the dividend outlook from here. I think the message today is that you guys view the dividend as sustainable, but can you just talk to that? And then can you also just give us some flavor, maybe this is for Kevin, about conversations with the ratings agencies about credit, and how do you feel about where your balance sheet position is right now?
Greg Garland: Let me take the first part and Kevin take the second. I think, I mean, Neil, first of all, one of the things I've learned is you never say never right in this business. But all the actions that we've taken to date, cutting our costs, cutting our CapEx, increasing our liquidity have been around defending the dividend. And as you look at Q3, essentially, we covered our CapEx and our dividend through cash. Certainly, we feel comfortable as we -- if things don't get any better and we stay kind of where we're at, then we feel really comfortable that our first dollar is going to go stay in capital at $1 billion, our second dollar is going to go to the dividend, $1.6 billion that we can cover sustaining CapEx and our dividend from our cash. I think that's one of the great strengths of the PSX portfolio and the diversified nature of our portfolio. So I'll let Kevin talk a little bit about the balance sheet and expectations there.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So we've consistently expressed our objective to maintain a strong balance sheet, keep that financial flexibility, and that's reflected in our credit ratings, A3 at Moody's and BBB+ at S&P. As you would expect, this year with a couple of debt issuances that we've done, we've had plenty of opportunity to have conversations with the rating agencies. Those have gone well. Our ratings have stayed where they are. We've had no actions, and we still have a stable outlook on the current rating. So we feel good about that. In the event that we need to go to the balance sheet, we feel pretty comfortable that we still have decent capacity without having a detrimental impact on the overall health of the balance sheet. So you think from a long-term standpoint, our objective is to have a solid investment-grade credit rating, and we're clearly there at this point. We've added some debt. We've also talked about a 30% debt-to-capital ratio. We're above that right now. I think as we come through this current situation, then we were able to get debt back down, we'd anticipate that over time, we'd like to see ourselves back in around about that range. But we've always said that's not an absolute target. The real objective is to maintain the solid investment-grade credit ratings, and we're comfortably there, and we feel good that we can stay there.
Neil Mehta: Great. And a follow-up is just around marketing. It was a strong quarter there. Just any flavor in terms of what drove the outperformance? And real time, what are you seeing for demand in the markets that you serve?
Greg Garland: Thanks, Neil. Yeah, we're very happy with the marketing earnings in Q3 versus Q2. We were up 40% on margins in the U.S. and 16% on volume. Overseas, we were up 23% on margins and volumes as well. I think a number of things. If you look at Q2, underlying commodity flat price came off hard in April, and it was up May and June. And as you know, flat price is inversely correlated to marketing margins. So that that helped our margins a good bit. Also, the volumes, of course, were up in Q3 versus Q2 when COVID was more fierce during the Q2 time period. Currently, we're seeing gasoline off about 10% in the U.S. And when we talked to our large truck stop customers, they say that until recently, diesel demand was back up to pre-COVID levels, but they've started to see it come off a bit, 3%, 4% type levels. Overseas, we were back up to 100% of demand peak-COVID levels. Currently, with lockdowns tightening just a bit, we're seeing those levels come off just a few percentage points, but happy with where we've gotten to from the lows in early Q2.
Kevin Mitchell: One thing I might add, we've seen strength on the West Coast. The port of -- LA Port is up 13% year-on-year. And we're actually seeing PADD 5 diesel demand up year-on-year. So some strength, especially on the West Coast.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Just want to start with the question on refining here. Some of your peers are acknowledging that the U.S. industry needs to close 1 million barrels a day of capacity in order to balance the market. You guys have, obviously, taken some action here with Rodeo. I'm curious how you think about the U.S. refining industry, the amount of capacity that needs to close? And with respect to the existing system as it stands and where utilization is, how do you think about your individual refineries and whether it makes sense to have a temporary idling or permanent idling at some point for another refinery? Thank you.
Bob Herman: Yeah, Neil, it's Bob. I think we would agree there needs to continue to be some rationalization between the U.S. and the European refining system. But specifically in the U.S., right, the refineries run the gamut between really strong and there's some -- maybe some weaker assets out there. But fundamentally, the U.S. refining system is the most complex, lowest cost refining system with the exception of maybe a couple of big assets in the Middle East. So I think as demand rationalizes over time, the U.S. is really positioned to be a strong player. You'll see some export activity that will rise over time into Latin America and South America into West Africa, but the U.S. really does stand to take up that mantle as we go forward. Having said that, there will be assets that will continue to rationalize out of this, and you've seen it on both the east coast and the west coast, and no doubt, some of the maybe landlock players as time goes on here we'll have difficulties as crude diffs remain squeezed in the U.S. Jeff, you've got some numbers on closure so far.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. We've been tracking announced refinery closures. And in fact, we've had to revise it three times this week. I think we're up to almost 2 million barrels a day of announced closures globally. There's another 700,000 barrels a day of temporary closures and then another 700,000 barrels a day of refineries that have talked about potential of converting into terminals or other activities. So 3 million to 3.5 million barrels a day globally. It's kind of split regionally with equal parts of U.S., Europe, and Asia. We've even seen an Australia refinery that's been announced closure earlier today. And as you listen to many of the integrated oil companies, they've made comments on planning to further reduce their exposure in the downstream. So we're moving rapidly through rationalization. I think as we watch diesel inventories come off really hard over the last few weeks here, I think that's a little bit of this tunnel for margins to improve. And with margins improving, utilization will come back as the market dictates. But until that kind of happens, I don't think we'll see it. The growth in GDP numbers this last week, I think, are a really good bow whether that says diesel demand should continue to strengthen into the winter and the normal cold season and the burning of heating oil in the North is going to be a help. So I think we might be in a position to tug a little water here for a couple of months. But I think it's setting ourselves up that as we get to spring and look forward into next year's gasoline season, that we do have a real chance of returning to a lot more normalcy in the margin structure and then utilization.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thank you for all that. Just a follow-up on your own refining performance here in the quarter and the pace of margin normalization, how do you think about, I guess, the capture rates that you've been seeing this quarter and last quarter? Obviously, hurricane effects. Kevin, you called out a number of factors in the other bucket that were headwinds here in the quarter. So how do you think about the sensitivity of capture rates to the overall margin profile? And as we move forward, if margins get better, captures get better and things like that versus maybe some one-off items that may have happened in the quarter?
Brian Mandell: Yes. I think the way, I look at the capture rate is when you've got cracks that are down in the $6 to $8 range, right, those are -- that part is kind of covering your cost. And then crude diffs are really, as a refining system, where we make our money. And when we haven't -- we've seen very tight crude diffs on just about every flavor of crude across our system. So it's hard to get much crack expansion there. The other thing that plays into it, too, when you're at low utilization and low cracks, kind of the fixed part of the barrel, which is the 11% or 12% that we don't turn into clean product. That kind of $2 offset that you see on those margins is a lot bigger deal at an $8 margin than it was at a $15 margin. So that -- those 2 factors for me really come in and kind of camp down that margin capture ability.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Roger Read: Yes, thanks good morning. I guess I'd maybe like change the direction a little bit from refining to the midstream. Greg, probably a question for you. But one of the pushbacks we get is with E&P is changing behavior, maybe a little less production growth in coming years. You've built out a lot in the midstream. Can you kind of characterize for us how midstream should perform in a maybe more static or production growth market? And what your exposure would be to any sort of, let's say, reprice on tariffs or export fees and so forth?
Greg Garland: Tim, I'll let you take that.
Tim Roberts: Yes, Roger, on that, a couple of things when you look at our portfolio specifically is that we've been in earnest trying to develop MDCs and make sure we get commitments. And so those have been very important for us with regard to long-term commitments, MDCs with good counterparties, investment-grade. So, that's been very helpful for our portfolio, especially on the third-parties. But then also as a sponsored MLP, we have quite a bit of exposure with regard to PSX. So that helps to also shore up some of our earnings volatility, you see. But also just on a fundamental basis, we do see that there will be basin growth. Yes, granted everyone's state of uncertainty and what's going on out there and they're retrenching a bit. But we still think there's going to be a call on managed shale with regard to global demand to support growth in that area over the next couple of years. And the other part I would say just when you look at our portfolio specifically, it's just really that we really participate in the crude side. But we're also got a good weighting with regard to the NGL space as well, which actually during this time has been rather resilient and supporting by chemicals, global chemicals demand, growth, res com, and then subsequently also going into the motor fuel pool as well.
Greg Garland: I think the average term across our portfolio is probably eight-ish years. And so we've got some time to ride through this. I do agree that the next one- to three-year period, there's going to be fewer investable opportunities in midstream, and this is going to become more of a run well and optimized business for many people. I think you'll see some consolidation of midstream over the next couple of years. And so I think that the model going forward the next couple of years is it's going to be a little bit different than the model we've executed the last five years. And the other thing I would say is somewhere around 80% probably across the portfolio is under MDCs. And so we think we're really set up well to ride through this next couple of years of our Midstream business and still deliver great performance in our midstream business.
Roger Read: Great. Thanks. And just a follow-up Kevin for you. The working capital related tax adjustment, can you kind of walk us through working capital expectations into the end of the year? Typically, I think Philips gets a pretty big pull on working capital. And then part on the tax, when would you expect to recover the actual tax receivable there?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Okay. So, on the tax component, as you see on the financial statement, a significant tax benefit on the income statement, but that's not turning into cash in the current year, that's flowing through the receivable. And on a year-to-date basis, we've increased our tax receivable by $1.2 billion, $1. 3 billion year-to-date and that, we would anticipate collecting next year post completion of our 2020 tax return and so we would expect that to turn into cash sometime in the second quarter of next year. From a broader working capital expectation going into the third quarter, you're going to see two dynamics going on. One is, to the extent that the current operating environment stays as it's been which appears to be then from a tax standpoint, you'd still expect to be generating losses and so you'll have that negative effect on working capital. But we typically have an inventory draw in the fourth quarter and we anticipate that happening again this year. And so that will generate some positive cash from a working capital perspective.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I hope you are all doing well there. Greg, I wonder if I could just pick up on the comment you made there about a slightly different business model for the midstream than we've seen in the last five years. I wonder if I could ask you to elaborate on that with specific focus on your ownership structure of PSXP?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that  I mean, first of all, I think that the upstream and the pace of drilling upstream will determine the pace of opportunities in midstream for any future growth. So we talked about that a lot, and so we'll see. I suspect we're in a period of stronger capital discipline from the upstream players in a mode of returning more capital to shareholders, which will by definition, probably slow the growth of upstream. And conversely, that will limit the investable opportunities in midstream. So we recognize that. We're supportive of that. We think that's the right thing for the energy space long term in our country. For PSXP, it still highlights the value of our midstream business, and we like that. I think that it's a model that will continue to move forward. We evaluate alternative scenarios for PSXP, just like we do for any other asset in our portfolio as we move forward. But at this point in time, we still like the MLP structure. I think we would all acknowledge that the life cycle of an MLP has probably been shortened versus what it was maybe five years ago or six years ago. Kevin, I don't know, or Tim, if you want to add anything to that?
Kevin Mitchell: No, I think you covered that.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I don't want to elaborate too much on that. But when you see it trading with a 15% yield, Greg, would it make sense to buy that in at some point?
Greg Garland: Yes, I think  well, for PSXP, certainly, I would say we're not happy with where the units are trading, and we look at that 15% yield and scratch your head a little bit, Doug. But I also think that PSXP has a bit  has that DAPL overhang. And I think that if you look at where the units are trading today, I think most people are priced in a complete shutdown of Apple. And so we're not there. But that's in the hands of someone else and a judge that, hopefully, I guess, year-end or early next year, we'll get a determination on that. So I don't know, Tim or Jeff, you want to add anything to that. But the overhang is what we're looking at right now.
Jeff Dietert: That's right.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, guys. My follow-up is kind of a broad question. I don't know which one of you guys wants to answer this, but we got an election in three or four days in case you weren't aware. But what do you see as the principal risks to your business? Whether it would be tax? Whether it would be regulation? Whether it would be something like DAPL, just give us a quick summary as to how you're preparing for a potential, the change in administration?
Greg Garland: Well, first of all, for clarity, I don't know to answer that questions. So I guess this falls to me to give an answer. So I think in a BBB scenario, there's no question that from a regulatory standpoint, it's going to be a tougher environment for all kinds of infrastructure. But energy, in particular, our base case view is probably going to something more like we saw eight years under the Obama, Biden administration than what we've seen for the last four years. I do think that infrastructure is going to be harder to permit. I think pipelines, in particular, will be harder to permit. So you can make a case that the existing pipes probably worth more in the ground under that kind of scenario. I think with that question, corporate taxes are going to go up in that scenario, which, by the way, should help the MLP structure just in terms of relative cost of capital versus a C-corp. So we're looking at that. And then we'll see where we end up on climate and climate solutions. But I think that the odds are probably higher than have some sort of cost of carbon that emerges with time in a BBB scenario versus the status quo. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it holistically and kind of the impacts to our business. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Jeff Dietert: It's well then.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning guys. 
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Greg, if I can follow-up on that but string it to Europe. With the new kind of now going to -- get low on and most side get past very soon. How that -- you're looking at your asset in Europe and how -- what's the game plan? Do you need to fundamentally change how you operate the refining and also the retail operation? And the second question
Greg Garland: Paul, I'm sorry, I missed the first part of that question.
Paul Cheng: The first part is that with the European, the EU going to go on the climate law, how that is going to change your operation? And what is the game plan for your European assets, whether that you need to fundamentally change the way how you operate, or that -- I mean, do you have any view that under the new climate law, how those assets should be? So that's the first question. The second question is that you're somewhat related. In your larger customers in Europe, they're all coming up with a formal energy transition plan, and we assume that at a Biden administration, as Doug has asked the question. So does the Phillips 66 need to formulate a formal energy transition plan? And is that -- does that involve more in some form of diversifying into other business? Like your larger customer, they all get into the renewable or low carbon electricity power business. So is that something you guys will be interested or that you're saying, you know what, this is different, and it's not for us.
Greg Garland: So I'll take a stab at that, Paul. I mean first of all, there's aspirational goals out there. And there's probably reality and what can actually be accomplished during that timeframe. And so I think our view is that fossil fuels on both in transportation and, like, power generation are going to be around for quite a long time, multiple decades. That doesn't mean there's not more that we can do in terms of energy transition. Obviously, for us, the things that are nearest to us like renewable diesel, those kind of opportunities where you see us starting to move in those areas. By the way, including in Rodeo, we're looking at carbon capture, we're looking at solar in conjunction with that project. So I think you'll see us move in those areas. We're starting to add hydrogen fueling stations in Europe with our partner Coop in Switzerland. We are part of the Giga Stack consortium in the United Kingdom, which is essentially green hydrogen. We have offshore wind trays producing hydrogen to be consumed in the industrial base in the Humber side area. And so I think we continue to study and look at that. We think hydrogen is really multiple decades away. It's a big step forward in terms of transportation fuel. A lot of it, it's technology, it's cost. The green hydrogen is probably five to seven times more than the steam reforming of methane. And so I think that there's some opportunities there. We continue to work our battery technology. We're working on next-generation batteries in our research and development, solid oxide fuel cell development also in our research and development areas. And so we've got quite a bit going on in terms of energy transition within the portfolio. But the nearest easiest steps for us to take are really to move towards lower carbon intensity fuels like the projects at Rodeo, like Rise. Also, we're -- Humber, we're making about 1,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel, going about 4,000 to 5,000 barrels a day here shortly. We've got a project -- San Francisco actually comes on, I think, first quarter next year. Yeah, why don't you talk about that? What we've got going on?
Tim Roberts: Yeah. So we've announced the big project at Rodeo, But before that comes on, while we're still running a fuels refinery there, we're converting one of our hydrocrackers to be able to run soybean-based oils to make our renewable diesel, and that unit will produce about 9,000 barrels a day at a very attractive capital efficiency on that project. And that sets us up to begin the -- setting up our supply chains into Rodeo and our marketing chains on the other side of that for the renewable diesel out of Rodeo. The next step we'll take then is the commercial agreement we have with Rise, who is building two renewable diesel facilities, one in Reno, one in Las Vegas, where we will supply the feedstocks and take all of the renewable diesel offtake, be able to put that into the California market. That's our next step forward in late 2020 and 2021. And then we would expect to have the permitting done sometime in 2022 and begin the conversion of the Rodeo refinery to eventually have the largest renewable diesel facility in the world and make about 50,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel. Feedstocks for that, our premise to be about 80% of the harder-to-process feedstock. So that's used cooking oil, fast oils, greases, telos [ph] from a variety of sources around the world. And Rodeo is really uniquely positioned because, A, we sit in the California market where there's a high demand for lower carbon intensity fuels. And secondly, we have water access to the Far East to bring in all of these difficult-to-process renewable feedstocks. So the second piece is that it's a hydrocracking facility. We have two high-pressure hydrocrackers there that will be converted to both process renewable feedstocks and very capital efficient. At the end of the day, we will convert the facility and build the pretreatment facilities for a total capital cost of about $1 per gallon per year of capacity. That's 50% cheaper than anything else we've seen announced and sometimes three times cheaper than some of the competing projects we've seen in that. So we feel really good that by 2024, we will be a major player in the renewable fuels in California and other places in the United States.
Greg Garland: I think just to highlight, the $750 million to $800 million, that's one of the biggest projects we have in the portfolio at this time. So we're making a substantial investment there.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse, please go ahead, your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Hi, guys. You mentioned about 80% lower CI feedstock and 20%, most likely soybean and canola. Generally, in the current market, what kind of discounts are these lower CI, harder-to-process feedstock carrying versus the soya bean oil? So, soya bean oil is trading at $0.33 per pound, like where are these harder-to-process feedstocks trading at a discount to soya bean oil?
Greg Garland: I think, Manav, there's a fair amount of variance from region-to-region on the feedstocks and the transportation cost to get them from point A to point B. So, I think the important thing is, is that we have the flexibility as we operate to pick the lowest cost feedstock in the market. And it's similar to high complexity refining, where you've got a lot of flexibility on what feedstocks and what yields you have. We're building in with the pretreating capability the flexibility to take advantage of the lowest cost, most optimal feedstock in order to produce the renewable diesel. So, we're, I think, well-positioned in that regard.
Manav Gupta: Okay. A quick follow-up is you initially mentioned the multiple storms that hit you both in chemicals as well as the refining part. Is there any kind of opportunity cost you lost out because of all these hurricanes, or can you just give us a sequence of like which are the facilities that did get impacted by subsequent hurricanes that hit a Gulf Coast?
Bob Herman: Yes, I'll take a shot at that. On the -- with the first one, if you recall, it seems like a long time ago now, but on August 25th, we shut down the Lake Charles facility for Hurricane Laura and ended up being down all the whole month of September because of the power infrastructure in the General Lake Charles region that was essentially completely destroyed. We did not start restarting that facility until early October. And in fact, we didn't have full power back into the refinery to be able to operate as anything that we wanted to until October 5th. Unfortunately, then on October 9th, Hurricane Delta came essentially right back up the same path. And while it was a lower intensity storm, we still had to shut back down and essentially start over. Power infrastructure held up a little better in that timeframe. So, about the middle of October, we started restarting the Lake Charles facility. So, today, we're back up and running there. We've still got a few units left to start, but we will be market dictating the rate. But we'll be -- everything that we want to be up will be up and running here within the next week or 10 days at Lake Charles. In Alliance, we shut down September 13 for Hurricane Sally, which was originally pointed right at Alliance. We got lucky with that one and that, of course, moved off a little bit, and we did not take a direct hit. We chose to keep Alliance down because we had some maintenance planned for October anyway and rather than restart and shut back down for that, we just moved the maintenance back up. Maybe fortuitous, maybe only in 2020, can you say being down is fortuitous, but Hurricane Zeta came right through that area two nights ago. And so, we were already down, obviously, and didn't have to shut back down for that one. Power was out again in the area. We expect to get power back today or tomorrow to Alliance. But we had pulled forward some work that we wanted to get done there that was difficult to do in future turnarounds, and we anticipate continuing to execute that work sort of through mid-December and then position ourselves to be ready to restart Alliance in the new year, assuming the market conditions are there and giving us the signal that we need to bring on more capacity. We have enough refining capacity in the Gulf Coast, obviously, to cover all of our marketing needs right now and any commitments that we have to our customers. And we'll  as we gave guidance earlier, we'll let the market tell us what utilization ought to be in the first quarter.
Greg Garland: And, Manav, just to follow-up on chemicals. So CPChem took down several of their facilities on the Gulf Coast in anticipation of those storm events. They were probably more fortunate than that. They really were not impacted. So everything is back up and running normal now.
Operator: Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Greg, do you have an update on whether that potential $0.05 PE increase for October is going through? And do you expect to see the normal seasonal impact in PE later in the quarter, or do you think that low inventories could provide some support on pricing?
Greg Garland : Yeah. I'll let Tim answer that.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. It looks like at this point in time that, that increase is going to get pushed. There's been a really a nice run-up up to this point in time, and demand has been good, but we think it's more due to seasonality than it is anything else, which is usually like this time of the year, you see a seasonal effect in demand in the chems business.
Greg Garland : Yeah. I think, the -- you think about margins, so we were kind of $0.18 full time margins in Q1, $0.10 in Q2, $0.19 in Q3 on an IHS Markit margin basis. And today, they're $0.28, $0.29. So they're above mid-cycle. And I think it's been driven by a combination of things. One is, the demand has been fundamentally good across the globe. But we see it in Asia, Europe, we see it in North America, strong demand. And then there's been some impact in terms of the hurricane. So, at some point -- at one point, it was about 20% of the U.S. ethylene capacity was off-line because of the Hurricane Laura. And so, that had some impact. Inventories have come down on the ethylene side. So that's really always positive for margins. And so, I think, our view is, coming into the fourth quarter, we have kind of this seasonal weakness or pause, if you will, in terms of the petrochemical space. But we're relatively optimistic about petrochemicals for next year.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, just turning to renewable diesel. So thanks for the update on the feedstocks. I wanted to ask about the permitting in California. Normally, that's kind of a challenge. Do you anticipate an easier route this time because of the nature of the facility? Could you just address that?
Greg Garland : Yeah, I think so. You're correct. It is always difficult to permit anything in California. And it is a very rote process at the end of the day, and there are many steps that we have to go through. The biggest permit that we have to get is a land use permit in Contra Costa County, and that will require an environmental impact statement and go through all that work. We took a very different approach as a company on this particular project, in that, we made sort of full-court press with many stakeholders in the state of California the day before we announced. So we had multiple conversations in Sacramento, everywhere from Govern Newsom's office to Cal EPA to CARB to local legislators to the local Contra Costa County, Board of Supervisors. And I would say that, we were met with great enthusiasm for this property across the board from those that are going to be responsible at the end of the day for actually permitting it. And in the meantime, the permit is in. It's been deemed complete by Contra Costa County, which really starts the process for them. So they will hire independent third party to do the environmental assessment of that, and that is all beginning. So we're there and ready to help support them through that. We haven't seen really any opposition at this point to the project. And I think as people are understanding more and more the benefits of us doing this project, as we mentioned, the environmental benefits and NOCs, SOCs and greenhouse gas reductions, we think the permitting process will flow through. And it's kind of a normal timeline and look forward to getting that permit in early 2022.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Theresa Chen: Hi. Going back to some of the earlier comments on supply rationalization in the market and just thinking about the overall demand-supply balance for refining capacity, how do you view the probability weighted quantity of supply that is new supply that's coming into the market in the Middle East and Asia?
Greg Garland : Yes. So there's about 1 million barrels a day scheduled for 2020, and highly likely that some of that gets pushed out into 2021. We're seeing a slowdown in activity from a COVID perspective and its impact on labor, as well as capital cost reductions in the industry. So I think those barrels are going to get pushed out as we look today, there's not a real reason to rush any of these projects into service.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And turning back to the West Coast, thank you for all the color on the renewable diesel projects and your thoughts around that. I was curious to hear how you view the whole electrification theme. Given the recently ordered [indiscernible] from Newsom's office and the 9 other states in the U.S. considering similar orders as well as the legislation produced to Congress and mandate on the federal level. Can you talk about your views on these aspirations maybe meeting wall of reality?
Greg Garland : So yes, I'll take a stab, and then Bob can help me because he's pretty active in this area. But I think these are aspirational goals. And I think that -- I think the sign post we're going to watch for is when billions, if not trillions of dollars start flowing in infrastructure investments around distribution, power generation, etcetera, that you could truly electrify the fleets. So I'm probably more bullish on low carbon fuel standard as we think about it moving from California, Oregon, Washington State to maybe to the East Coast. And so I think the near term, easier things to do in terms of renewables that can lower carbon intensity. Those make sense that you can earn good returns doing those projects. And I think the electrification is going to take a long time to get there.
Bob Herman: Yes. And I think we would agree with the AFPM has got a statement out there that we would stand behind solid with you, and that Governor Newsom doesn't actually have the authority to do what his aspirational executive order played out. And you just think about the logistics of banning ICE in California, but there's these states around the call of Arizona, Nevada organ that have car dealerships, too. So it's hard to understand how this actually becomes a reality when there really isn't enough electricity in California today for base demand.
Operator: Benny Wong from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Benny Wong: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Benny Wong: Good morning, Jeff. First one around Alberta production limits being lifted in December. Want to get you a sense what you think that might have an impact on Canadian crude differentials? And how it might cause you to shift your feedstock sourcing strategy, given you guys are one of the largest importers of the Canadian crude?
Brian Mandell: Hi, Benny, this is Brian. Hey, on Canadian crude, until just a few weeks ago, it was it's 4.2 million barrels of pipeline capacity out of Canada, and there wasn't 4.2 million barrels of production with some core issues and Polaris pipeline issues. Now we're starting to see the production come back. We're starting to see more production than pipeline capacity. So our view is, over time, it will take some time, we think that the differentials will start to widen out to variable rail rates, which we see about 13 50 off of WTI. So that's good for us. Every dollar is about $100 million for Phillips 66. So we continue to watch that. Actually, you've seen the past few weeks, the differentials were under $10, and now, as of yesterday, $10.60, so they're already starting to expand.
Benny Wong: Great. Thanks for the color, yes. My follow-up is maybe for Greg. Greg, you and your team has always had a longer perspective of the world, and that often translates into how you run the business. And I think in the past, you have guided us to think about Phillips 66, generating a mid-cycle EBITDA of about $9 billion. Recognizing it's uncertain times, but just wanted to get your thoughts and maybe a degree of confidence if that mid-cycle level EBITDA generation is still reasonable? And if it is, how do we get back there? Is it refining rationalization alone? Can it get back to us there? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes. I think shorter term, we still got a little bit of an inventory overhang we've got to work through. I mean directionally, inventories have been moving the right way. So we feel relatively good about that. But I think that we won't clean it up in 4Q. We may get a shot at it in 1Q. But certainly, we think as we approach the summer driving season in 2Q that we'll have an opportunity to see margins more normalized and for us. So we're talking about CPChem. Essentially, the market margin is above mid-cycle today. Our Midstream business is going to continue to perform well. Our Marketing and Specialty businesses has been a very consistent [indiscernible] EBITDA business. So the real question, Mark, on the PSX portfolio is when does refunding get back to mid-cycle conditions? And so we probably got a shot at doing that kind of midyear next year. So Jeff or Bob, do you want to add anything to that?
Jeff Dietert: Yes, I would just add that at CPChem, the addition of U.S. Gulf Coast 1 came at a time when margins were declining. And so the earnings power of that facility has really not been shown in a mid-cycle margin environment. So, I think that will be supportive of higher contributions from CPChem.
Operator: We have reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. Before I wrap up, I'd like to thank Brent Shaw for his significant contributions to the Investor Relations Group. Brent's been promoted to another role at Phillips 66 and I'd like to welcome Shannon Holy to the IR team. Thank you very much for your time today and please call Shannon or me with any questions.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is David and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66's second quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In the second quarter, we experienced the unprecedented disruption to our business from COVID-19, resulting in a challenging operating environment. Going into the second quarter, we anticipated demand for our products would be weak as states were under lockdown and people were working remotely. Across our businesses, we've seen demand recovery from the trough, although uncertainty remains for the second half of the year. We continue to focus on the wellbeing of our employees, their families, communities, maintaining safe and reliable operations and ensuring the financial and operational strength of our Company. Our business is an essential business, and we're committed to safely providing critical energy products and services for our customers. Phillips 66 implemented the appropriate steps to protect our workforce, consistent with CDC, national, state and local directives. We have safely and successfully operated our facilities in support of our commitment to provide essential services. During the quarter, we issued $2 billion of senior notes and increased our term loan capacity by $1 billion. We expect to exceed $500 million in cost reductions and reduce consolidated capital spending by $700 million this year. These actions protect the security of the dividend and our strong investment grade credit rating as we navigate this challenging business environment. We will continue to exercise disciplined capital allocation with the focus on long-term value creation for our shareholders. In the second quarter, we had an adjusted loss of $324 million or $0.74 per share. We generated $764 million of operating cash flow and returned $393 million to our shareholders through dividends. During the quarter, we achieve strong safety performance. We continue to strive toward a zero incident, zero accident workplace. We're executing our strategy and progressing major growth projects. The Gray Oak Pipeline commenced full operations from West Texas and the Eagle Ford to the Texas Gulf Coast, marking the completion of the project. Phillips 66 Partners has a 42.25% interest in Gray Oak Pipeline. Gray Oak connects to multiple refineries and export facilities in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The first dock and eight tanks totaling 3.4 million barrels of storage capacity have been commissioned. In July, the first crude oil tanker was loaded for export. Marine operations, including the second dock are expected to ramp up by the end of this year as additional phases of construction are finished. We expect the project to be completed in the first quarter of 2021 with the total storage capacity of 8.6 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of export capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal. At the Sweeny Hub, we recently completed the planned tie-in work to integrate fracs 2 and 3 with the Freeport LPG export facility. The fracs will begin commissioning in the third quarter and start operations in the fourth quarter of 2020. Fracs are backed by long-term customer commitments. Upon completion, Sweeny Hub will have 400,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity. Also at the Sweeny Hub, Phillips 66 Partners recently completed storage expansion at the Clemens Caverns from 9 million barrels to 16.5 million barrels in support of fracs 2 and 3 in the C2G Pipeline. In Marketing, the West Coast retail joint venture recently closed on a previously announced acquisition of 95 sites, bringing the total to approximately 680 sites. The joint venture enables increased long-term placement of our refinery production and increases our exposure to retail margins. In closing, I'd like to thank our employees for their focus on safe, reliable operations, for their demonstrating commitment and capability to be smart and agile, finding new ways of working together with a determined purpose towards value-creation and for living our values of safety, honor and commitment in what has been a very disruptive and challenging environment. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to go through the financial results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on slide 4, we summarize our financial results. We reported a second quarter loss of $141 million. We had special items amounting to $183 million. After excluding these items, we had an adjusted loss of $324 million or $0.74 per share. Operating cash flow was $764 million, which included a $94 million working capital benefit. Adjusted capital spending for the quarter was $901 million, including $684 million for growth projects. We returned $393 million to shareholders through dividends, and we ended the quarter with 437 million shares outstanding. Moving to slide 5, this slide highlights the change in pre-tax income by segment from the first quarter to the second quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $774 million, driven by lower results across all segments. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. Second quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $245 million, a decrease of $215 million from the previous quarter. Transportation adjusted pre-tax income was $130 million, down $70 million from the previous quarter. The decrease was due to lower pipeline and terminal volumes, driven by lower refinery utilization. In addition, equity affiliate earnings decreased due to lower pipeline throughput volumes, consistent with lower U.S. oil production and reduced product demand. NGL and other delivered adjusted pre-tax income of $83 million. The $96 million decrease from the prior quarter was due to lower margins and volumes at the Sweeny Hub, as well as inventory impacts. The Freeport LPG export facility averaged 11 cargoes per month, and the fractionator ran at 92% utilization. Freeport from Frac 1 were down during part of the quarter as planned tie-in work was completed to integrate Fracs 2 and 3. DCP Midstream adjust the pre-tax income of $32 million was down $49 million from the previous quarter. The decrease reflects lower hedging impacts, driven by improved commodity prices. Turning to Chemicals on slide 7. Second quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $89 million, down $104 million from the first quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins adjusted pre-tax income was $106 million. The $87 million decrease from the previous quarter is due to lower polyethylene and normal alpha olefins margins, driven by lower sales prices and higher feedstock costs. This was partially offset by record polyethylene sales volumes. Global O&P utilization was 103%. Adjusted pre-tax income for SA&S decreased $1 million. During the second quarter, we received $272 million in cash distributions from CPChem.  Turning to Refining on slide 8. Refining second quarter adjusted pre-tax loss was $867 million, down from an adjusted pre-tax loss of $401 million last quarter. The decrease was due to lower realized margins and volumes partially offset by lower turnaround costs. Realized margins for the quarter decreased by 63% to $2.60 per barrel. Lower Gulf Coast realized margins were due to clean product realizations in a rising price environment during the second quarter and inventory impacts. In the central corridor, lower realized margins reflect narrowing Canadian crude differentials. Crude utilization was 75%, compared with 83% last quarter. Refining runs were reduced due to lower clean product demand. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $38 million a decrease of $291 million from the previous quarter. The second quarter clean product yield was 83%. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the second quarter was $7.47 per barrel, compared to $9.82 per barrel in the first quarter. Realized margin was $2.60 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 35%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 72%. Market capture is impacted by refinery configuration. We make less gasoline and more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. During the quarter, the distillate crack decreased $5.56 per barrel and the gasoline crack declined by $0.73 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $0.95 per barrel improved $0.37 per barrel from the previous quarter due to lower crude prices. Losses from feedstock were $0.67 per barrel, a decline of $0.46 per barrel from the prior quarter due to narrowing Canadian crude differentials. The other category reduced realized margins by $2.22 per mile. This was $2.05 per barrel lower than the prior quarter, driven by lower clean product realizations. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted second quarter pretax income was $293 million, $195 million lower than the first quarter. Marketing and Other decreased $175 million. The decrease primarily reflects lower volumes, driven by COVID-19-related demand impacts as well as lower realized margins due to rising product prices in the quarter, compared with falling first quarter prices. Specialties decreased $20 million due to lower finished lubricants volumes. We reimaged 284 domestic branded sites during the second quarter, bringing the total to approximately 4,720 since the start of the program. In our international marketing business, we reimaged 29 European sites, bringing the total to approximately 120, since the program's inception. Refined product exports in the second quarter were 160,000 barrels per day, in line with the prior quarter. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pretax costs of $224 million, an increase of $27 million from the prior quarter. The increase is primarily due to higher net interest expense and employee-related expenses, partially offset by lower environmental expense. Slide 12 shows the change in cash for the year. We started the year with $1.6 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations was $1.4 billion, excluding working capital. There is a working capital use of $425 million. Consolidated debt increased by $2.7 billion. Year-to-date, we issued $3.2 billion of debt, including $1 billion drawn on a term loan facility and $2 billion of senior notes. We paid off approximately $500 million of maturing debt. Year-to-date, adjusted capital spending is $1.8 billion. Capital spending will be significantly less in the second half of the year. We expect 2020 adjusted capital to be approximately $2.9 billion as we continue to optimize our capital program. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through $789 million of dividends and $443 million of share repurchases completed in the first quarter. Our ending cash balance was $1.9 billion. We're focused on conserving cash and maintaining strong liquidity in the current environment. At June 30th, we had $8.4 billion of liquidity, reflecting $1.9 billion of consolidated cash, $1 billion of undrawn term loan capacity and available credit facility capacity of $5 billion at Phillips 66 and $0.5 billion at Phillips 66 Partners. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the third quarter global O&P utilization rates to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, crude utilization will be adjusted according to market conditions. In July, utilization has been in the low 80% range. We expect third quarter pretax turnaround expenses to be between $50 million and $70 million. We anticipate third quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $220 million and $230 million pretax. Finally, we are not providing effective tax rate guidance for 2020 due to the range of potential impacts the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: First question I had was digging into the refining margin performance a little bit deeper. In particular, looking at your slides, there were two areas that seemed like the biggest headwinds in the quarter. One was feedstock in the Atlantic Basin, and the other was this other category on the Gulf Coast. Kevin, I know you gave a little bit of color there already. But, anything additionally you could share about that result and whether some of that was perhaps temporary in nature. You talked about inventory impacts. So, yes, any additional color?
Bob Herman: Yes. Phil, good morning. This is Bob. The other in the Gulf Coast really came down to two items in both through timing. So, about half of it was due to product realizations as we put product into the Colonial Pipeline and other pipelines. In a rising price environment, we tend not to capture all the crack. And that price environment where it's going the other way, we get a tail wind out of that. In this particular quarter, we had rapidly rising prices during the quarter and that hit us there. And then, the second was a pretty sizable inventory impact. In the Gulf Coast, we had two big turnarounds in the first quarter, Sweeny and Alliance, where we built a lot of inventory and then we pulled that inventory down, coming into the second quarter. So, if you add up those two items alone in the Gulf Coast -- it amounts to about $3 on the market capture. So, both of those really come back to a timing issue for us. On feedstock cost on the East Coast, again, it was a little bit of a timing issue with wind and waterborne barrels, land, particularly at Bayway in relationship to a very volatile crude market. So, we saw effective feedstock costs in the second quarter to be pretty high, coming into Bayway, just really from a timing between 1Q and even month-to-month in the quarter as crude really moved around.
Greg Garland: But, Phil, in aggregate, that feedstock impact on Atlantic Basin was not that different to the Q1 impact. There's typically -- you see a negative on capture on feedstock in Atlantic Basin.
Phil Gresh: So, would you say that we're past that at this point as we look forward, or is it something that you still need to be thinking about?
Kevin Mitchell: I think, on -- inventory moves around on us all the time, and it's always hard to predict what's going to happen. Typically when prices are more stable, like we've been seeing the last couple of weeks, we tend to mute those kind of effects.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And my follow-up question would just be a bigger picture question on refining fundamentals. How are you guys envisioning the way the second half of the year might play out? Obviously, we do have soft crash spreads. Now here in July, utilization guidance for most companies is still reasonably low. Inventory is still needed to be worked down. And we're going to be slipping into the winter gasoline mode as well. So, a lot of moving pieces. But, I'm curious, your perspective, how you see this playing out?
Greg Garland: Hey Phil. I think, it would be a question of demand going forward. We see demand on gasoline right now at about 15% off, much better than a 50% weve seen in April. On heating oil, we talked to our big -- customers, they're seeing about 8% demand disruption. And then, finally, the product thats been hardest hit, jet, we're seeing about 50%. Number of us here in the room have been flying on commercial flights recently. And you can see the pickup on both, on the planes and in the airport. So, we are optimistic that that will get better as the year progresses. It's interesting, if to look at our 1,000 stores in Germany and Austria where Germany and Austria didn't have a hard second wave of COVID, we're seeing 95% demand on gasoline, 95% demand on distillate. So, again, we're optimistic, we can get through this wave of -- the second wave of COVID that we can push up our demand in the U.S. And I think that refiners will continue to run demand levels going forward.
Kevin Mitchell: I might add that we're coming up on the fall season and there's some seasonal impacts driving to and from schools is in rough numbers about 5% of demand, and there's probably a carryover impact on commuting as well. So, I think that will have an influence. We're expecting a strong planting season -- or excuse me harvest season this fall, as well to support distillate demand.
Operator: Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hi, team. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, the first question is about the integrated business model and the value of operating in multiple different businesses. I think, over the course of the cycle, we've definitely seen that. It's been a benefit for Phillips 66. But, Greg, curious on your perspective, especially in light of the fact you have one of your large competitors monetizing some parts of their business?
Greg Garland: Well, you think about integrated model that we have, we still think that there's a value added model, Neil. I try not to let single points in times -- or single point pandemics really influence our long-term thinking around this. When we think about the ability to capture that value, starting with DCP, gas gathering, gas liquids, integrating through our fracs and LPG export and being able to take product in, into our chemicals business and then through the refining chain. We like that optionality that gives us in terms of investable opportunities. But certainly, the earnings streams that come out of those businesses are strong for us. So, we'll continue to think about this integrated business as a value add business for us. There's no question, the pandemics probably impacted all segments of this business. But, it's not unique to us, I would say.
Neil Mehta: Yes, very clear. And then, the follow-up is just your thoughts on Dakota Access, how it's likely to play out from here, the firm's decision on any -- on the ruling? And then, the bigger picture question around Midstream is relative to what was laid out at the November Analyst Day, what's changed and any quantification of what's changed would be helpful too?
Tim Roberts: This is Tim Roberts. On that data, let me address that first of all. Look, obviously, we're disappointed with the ruling that initially came out with regard to mandating and environmental impact study. And then subsequently, the federal ruling on that which they needed the permit, which then led to a potential shutdown on August 5th on the pipe. Fortunately, it's been appealed to the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. I think, you guys are aware of that. So we're waiting for that outcome currently, and there's been a stay put in place, while they're evaluating the case. So, it'll -- look, we think, at this point, the positions that we have are well founded, and certainly clearly disappointed by a position that's taken on our pipeline. It has run for three years, and it has run safely. And its truly the most economic and safe way to get hydrocarbons to the marketplace. So, it is a little bit frustrating on that point. Now, well let the court play out at this point from there. One of the things that is also little bit -- we are challenged with a little bit is just the fact, the impact it's got on the region. When you look at it, both on the producers, from state, local governments, communities, people that work in the energy value chain and those that don't who support businesses in the energy space. They're really getting impacted by this. And so, to us, with COVID-19 going on with the pandemic, itd be bad without a pandemic, but with the pandemic, we just feel this is going to be tough economically on some very specific regions of the country. With regard to the Midstream strategy, I think Id just characterize this. Look, certainly the long haul transmission business, its been challenged a little bit, especially with COVID-19, the pandemic or shock. All those things have caused us to pause. And you've seen that through our actions like deferring a couple of our projects. We need more clarity. I think, our producers need more clarity, shippers need more clarity. So, we need to get a view on that. From a Midstream standpoint, if it's a good project, we're going to do it. And when you look at the diversity of our business in our Midstream space. Yes, we've got crude transportation; yes, we're in clean products, as far as terminals and moving product out of refineries. And then, subsequently, we're also deep in the NGL value chain. So, we look at all those. Were not a one trick pony at this point. When you look at, we have ways to shift our investment through those three different very-specific businesses in our midstream business. So, yes, you may see us come off, we're certainly going to be a little more cautious as we look at transmission lines. But, that doesn't mean, we're not going to do those. We're going to make sure it makes sense. We've got people who are willing to make long-term commitments that are good solid counterparties. And hence the returns were shorter than we need. So, those happen. Of course, we're going to be interested in that. But if not, we will find other ways to pivot and build out our integration within our Company.
Kevin Mitchell: Neil, just to quantify the Midstream, we reported $2.26 billion of EBITDA in 2019. At the Investor Day, we highlighted projects that could take that to $3 billion by 2022. The projects that we have deferred represent about $300 million to $400 million of EBITDA that would scale that back. And so, I think that's one way of thinking about it. From a DAPL perspective, you can see from our historical disclosure, it contributes or has contributed about $250 million a year to PSXP. We own roughly 75% of PSXP at PSX. So, the PSX impact is in the ballpark of about $200 million a year.
Operator: Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Doug Terreson: So, financially, the pandemic has obviously reduced financial flexibility and led to higher debt levels at a lot of companies, Phillips 66 included. Simultaneously, economic growth is expected to recover. And as it does, my questions are, what are the likely implications for capital management, which has been a positive hallmark for you guys over the years? And specifically, how are you thinking about the balance between spending, shareholder distributions, et cetera given the changes in debt? So, the question is really about how you're thinking about financial priorities over the medium-term?
Greg Garland: Yes. Well, so, our view is, mid-year next year, we'd probably get back to something approaching the mid-cycle for our Company. And as we do that and we can kind of get back to a normalized framework as we think about the 60-40 allocation. I think, the other thing I would say is, clearly, taking on $3 billion of debt. There's going to be some priority to debt repayment over the next two to three years. We've got the 364-day facility, it comes -- its a $1 billion, comes due in the first quarter of next year. And then, in 2022, we've got another $2 billion kind of a normal course debt coming due. So, you should think about us trying to pay between $1 billion to $3 billion of debt off in the next two to three years. As we start approaching mid-cycle conditions and certainly pick back up with share purchases. The other thing I would say is, our view is that investable opportunities in Midstream in '21 and '22 are probably going to be less than what we would have anticipated. That's going to free up more capital to put towards debt repayment and a shareholder distribution stuff. So, anyway, that's how I'm thinking about it at this moment in time.
Doug Terreson: Okay. That sounds good. And then, my second question is about refining and specifically, how you guys are thinking about closures of refining capacity over the next few years. And the reason that I ask is because, I think during the last cycle, [indiscernible] final tally of closures was about 6 million to 7 million barrels per day over the two to three years, following the trough in the cycle. And we have seen recent announcements of closures in Asia. We've got IMO [ph] related factors and current refining economics aren't great either. So, it seems like we could be in the early stages of going back to that closure track as well. So, just want to see how you're thinking about how the supply side could be affected by this factor in coming years, if you think it will be meaningful?
Bob Herman: Hey Doug. Its Bob here. I think we would agree with you that 2008-2009 is kind of a good go by and we would expect rationalization across the globe since it really is a global business. Even before the pandemic, we expected to see significant rationalization in Europe and some quite frankly in the U.S. And so, we've seen that, right? We've got PES that's down, and I think everybody could agree that's not coming back. We've got other temporary closures right now. Whether they come back, probably depends a lot on how long the COVID-19 hangs in there. I guess, our bigger view would be we expected several million barrels to rationalize across the globe, before this. The pandemic only pushes it forward, and we probably get it sooner than later. So, I think you'll see a lot of people make their moves early. And, it may not happen ratably here because I think people will run maybe as long as they can with these assets, but they're going to run up against either really expensive turnarounds or some kind of regulatory impact in some parts of the world. And that's going to make a decision for them, I think.
Greg Garland: Doug, I think, the other thing I would add is not only rationalization of existing facilities, but delays in new capacity additions with the significant capital spending reductions that have been put in place with the COVID impact on challenges getting labor. As you will know, even in a good environment, these projects tend to get delayed, but in the environment we're in today, they're likely to get delayed even more significantly.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: If I can get two questions, kind of small questions on Refining and then one on Chemicals. On Refining, what do you think is happening or what do you think needs to happen in exports to kind of bring the market back, thinking pretty specifically the Gulf Coast here? And then, on the crude supply side with WCS specifically, how you see that coming in? Because that was obviously a big headwind in Q2. Just curious how you think of that for the second half of the year?
Brian Mandell: This is Brian. On exports, if you look at Q1, Q1 exports, the gasoline and distillate were about little over 2.2 million barrels a day, which we would say is typical in Q2, little close to 1.6, which is about 30% off and in July, we're about 20% off. So, we're starting to come back and we can see that in the marketplace. We can see Mexico's having refinery problems. In June, they were down about 35% utilization. We think, July, theyre probably in the high 20s, with more problems. We can see them in the marketplace that coming in and out for spot barrels, they were just turned barrels before. We've even talked to some folks in the retail business who have said that some of their volumes have come back to pre-COVID level. So, we're seeing better demand -- for Phillips 66, we exported in Q2 160,000 barrels. That was the same amount we exported in Q1. Typically for us at Phillips 66, its more opportunistic, and we've had better opportunities domestically over the next couple of quarters. 
Bob Herman: I think, I might add on that. I think, if you look at the distillate inventory overhang, its mostly in the Gulf Coast at this point, right. That's where the barrels were sitting in that. We need to get those back into the export market to help clean up inventory levels in the business, right? That's the missing piece for Pad 3 I think.
Kevin Mitchell: I think the U.S. statistics, the DOE coming out weekly, that's kind of the most evident. But, if you look at Asian and European distillate inventories, they've come off their highs and are improving at a faster pace than what we're seeing in the U.S.
Greg Garland: Brian, do you want to take WCS part of the question?
Brian Mandell: On WCS, we've seen differentials in Q1 to Q2, differentials came off about $9 and from Q2 to Q3, Q3 is kind of baked in for about two-thirds of it, we'll see another $2 off. For what we're seeing in Canada and for -- in August, we're seeing about 200,000 barrels offline for production maintenance and about another 200,000 barrels shut-in. That means that production -- pipeline takeaway is greater than production. So, that's what's kept the differential rather tight. We think that will change going on -- going next few months in September and October. We think that production will be greater than the pipeline capacity takeaway. And we'll see the differential start to widen closer to rail arms.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, on the Chem side, I just wanted to understand, margins were obviously weak in the quarter but you ran at 103%. Sounds like margins are probably better Q3 but guidance is only in the mid 90s. So, I guess the way I think about it, why run so hard when things were weak but running less so when things look a little bit better? What kind of underwrote the decisions in Q2 or the market conditions in Q2 to pull such a high utilization? And should we think about you maybe build inventories that we can see sold later at better pricing?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, not really building inventory in the Chemicals segment. So, if you go back to 2019, ethanes [Technical Difficulty] margin was $0.22, it was $0.18 in the first quarter and got to $0.10 in the second quarter but actually troughed about $0.07 in May. And today, we're pushing kind of $0.16. As you look across to the U.S., Europe and Asia, were seeing rising prices. So, spot prices in the U.S. are up $0.08, contracts up $0.05, Europe contracts up $0.08 and Asia spot $0.055. And so, there's been really good price movement. Part of that reflects a rising crude price environment, part of that reflects just really strong demand for consumer products. And so, I would say, if you bifurcate kind of the petrochemicals business into consumer and durables, the consumer part is doing really well. The durables is still challenging, but improving. So, think automotive and others. And on the consumer side, which is mostly where CPChem is, market facing, there's kind of two trains that are going on. One is hygiene. And so, think about the wipes and the bleach and the detergent and the hand sanitizer and all that. And those products across the world continue to sell strongly. And the other is a term that chemicals guys are calling nesting that people aren't moving very far from the nest or staying home, theyre cooking more, they're using more disposables, they are using more trash bags or buying more bottled water thats wrapped with plastic. They're buying -- doing home improvement projects, so polyethylene paint cans and garden chairs. They're trying to find things to do outside of the house. So, they're spending more money on kayaks and coolers and camping materials and things like that. It's all really positive for high density demand. So, I think we're constructive on the demand side. And I would say strong demand, weak to improving margins, and thats where we're running into.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: So, Kevin, I wonder if you could talk about your tolerance for debt on the balance sheet. Obviously, you're navigating the cycle but, but where does the balance sheet stock up in terms of relative priorities for use of cash, and what do you see as unnecessary headwind with the visibility of what sort of is going on so far?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So, I walk through the components of liquidity that we have available to us, we're still in good shape in terms of, if we need additional cash, we have availability through the different sources that I commented on earlier. But as you sort of look beyond that and as we start to come out the other side of this from a prioritization standpoint, what you're going to see is that pay-down of debt will be in the near term a priority from a capital allocation standpoint. And typically we don't talk about having to pay down debt as part of capital allocation construct. And it still works out okay for us because we've got the term loan, $1 billion on the term loan. That matures in the first quarter of next year. We also have $0.5 billion floating rate note maturity, also in the first quarter of next year. And then, as you go into 2022, there's a $2 billion of notes coming due and there is another $0.5 coming due in 2023. So, we have plenty of opportunity to deal with this over the coming sort of next couple of years or so. I think, if we're able to take care of the 2021 maturities, like $1.5 billion, I think we'll feel pretty comfortable with where the balance sheet is at that point. That will still have us a slightly higher debt than we had when we went into this. But, in the overall scheme of things, I think, we'll feel pretty comfortable with where that puts us.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I'm afraid, I'm going to take a bit of a different track given were three months ahead of the election -- I guess two months ahead of the election. The topic of carbon tax. We heard the majors articulate some support for the Baker-Shultz plan amongst others. But, it's appeared on the Democratic platform as a possibility that something that they might want to push a new legislative from setting. So I'm just wondering what PSXs official position is on carbon tax and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes. We haven't had an official position on a carbon tax, Doug, partly because we need to see what the policy really is and what does it look like. I would say that our view is that it really -- it needs to be done at Congress, they need to legislate climate program. We prefer that. So, obviously to having a patchwork of state and local regulations, which is a lot less efficient for us. There's a few key things that we would be looking for in any program. First of all, transparency is really important for people. And I'm talking about consumers to be able to understand the impact and the costs associated with any climate program. I think it needs to be companywide, economy wide and it's got to be applicable to all sources of emissions. And also, it's got to recognize that oil and gas is going to have a big role to play for many years to come. It really used to be market based, it's predictable and internationally competitive. So, given all those boundary conditions, certainly we would support something around a carbon tax if that's the preferred method that comes out of the Congress.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Scotiabank, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Couple of questions. Greg, in the past, you have talked about renewable diesel business and have some reservation, because of the government mandate and all that. Just curious that with the pandemic and everything going on and perhaps also have Democratic administration, does your view on that change? And if yes, how big is that business that you may be willing to -- or that you will be targeting or that you may like in the long haul.
Greg Garland: I'm going to let Bob kind of talk about what we're doing in renewables, and then I'll come back and address that question specifically.
Bob Herman: Okay. So, currently, we are in a renewables business, over at our Humber refinery for the last year or. So, we've been processing used cooking oil, co-processing it in our cat cracker there and making about a 1,000 barrels a day renewable diesel. We've actually got a project in flight right now to raise that to about 4,000 barrels a day. It's around the logistics to get it into the plant. We don't have any problem running it. And on the commercial front, right, we've committed to backing two renewable plants that are being built by a third-party in Nevada. So, we'll supply them feedstock and take 100% of the product off of those two plants. So, between those two, that's about 15,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel that we'll have at our disposal to meet the needs -- our own needs in California. In addition, we've got our project in progress at our San Francisco refinery that will convert a hydro treater to run renewable feedstocks, make about another 9,000 barrels a day or so of renewable diesel. Beyond that, we continue to do the engineering to understand what does it make sense to build more renewable capacity across our system. As you know, we had a big project at our Ferndale refinery up in Washington state to make 18,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel. We could not get permit, certainty in that environment up there. So, we canceled that project. But that hasn't stopped us from continuing to evaluate options on the West Coast, the Gulf Coast and at our other plants as to where does it make sense to do more renewables. Our fundamental belief is the renewable need is there and it's going to be there long term. So, we need to find a way to help and meet the demand of the market for renewable diesel in particular.
Greg Garland: So, I think, our approach at this point has been to partner certainly and to use existing assets where we can in a capital light mode. So, I still worry about the credit and how that credit price gets set. But, as you watch what's happening, particularly on the West Coast, low carbon fuel standard, moving up the entire West Coast, maybe to the East Coast of the U.S., I think there's going to be a place in the portfolio for renewables.
Paul Cheng: Great. So, you have say some [indiscernible] how big is that business that you will be willing to assess in the long-term as a percentage, let's say for your overall asset and your cash flow, or do you think that this business is really just that niche and you don't want it to be too big?
Greg Garland: Well, our current view is, we would probably either build or partner to cover about what we view is 80% of our requirements, and we probably remain exposed for credits for about 20%. And we haven't changed that strategy yet, Paul. But, that's kind of our current our current views in this market.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Jenkins: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to follow-up on Neil's question about Dakota Access earlier. I'm curious that PSXP has to stand on its own financially in like the events that DAPL is shut down or would PSX be willing to entertain maybe some more supportive options than might otherwise be the case, just to the MLP?
Kevin Mitchell: Justin, it's Kevin. Yes. So, it's hard to speculate around activities that may or decisions that may or may not happen and how that will play out. But fundamentally, when you look at the MLP, it's got two levers at its disposal, right, in terms of helping its financial position. And then, one is the distribution; and two is the level of capital spending. And as you know, the capital spending is pretty high this year. But, a lot of those projects are coming to an end over the course of this year. And so, there'll be more flexibility, as you look into future years in terms of what CapEx needs to sit at the MLP. But, what I'd also say, as you step back and look at the PSXP, it is in a -- it goes into this in a very strong position. So, the MLP last year generated, at least almost $1.3 billion of EBITDA. It's got a strong balance sheet, strong credit rating. And that's a function of -- it was all the transactions that have taken place between PSX and PSXP over the last several years, they've all been done on a very fair basis, that both works for the MLP and for the sponsor. And at the same time, you sort of lay on a conservative financial strategy and policy around how we've managed the balance sheet at PSXP, and it's actually in a really good position. It's really hard to speculate around what other -- what sort of sponsor support might be provided on event that we don't know may happen around all of that. So, I think I'll probably just leave it there. One other comment though is, also bear in mind, DAPL is one asset, so PSXP is a great portfolio. It's predominantly fee-based driven assets. And while DAPL is a very -- it's significant asset, it's a good asset, it is just one asset within the broader portfolio. And so, we're pretty confident that PSXP will be able to work its way through this whole situation.
Justin Jenkins: Understood. I appreciate the answer, Kevin. I think second question is just a quick one for you as well on the cash flow statement, JV distributions were pretty high. You mentioned the CPChem distribution, is a good chunk of that one time in nature?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I think, it's fair to look at -- what you probably want to look at CPChem on a year-to-date basis, the distributions were in Q1, and they were high in Q2. And so, it's probably more appropriate to think of it like that because it was an under -- in Q1 they under distributed from an earnings standpoint. And that's a big driver of that under distributed equity earnings benefit. It shows up on the cash flow statement.
Operator: Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse, Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Manav Gupta: Hey, guys, a quick question. You have a very light footprint and retail and wholesale operations, and trying to understand a little bit of follow-up to Rogers question. Domestically, which are the regions where you're seeing the strongest demand recovery? And domestically, which are the regions where either gasoline is lagging versus the average? And are there regions you actually think where the demand may never recover like to the pre-pandemic levels?
Greg Garland: We took a look at that earlier this morning, in fact, and we're seeing that 50% demand destruction of gasoline, actually that's the same in each of our pads that were operating in. We didn't see any difference in the pads that we're operating in. I would say that it's hard to say at this 10 seconds whether we'll see continued demand destruction. I know, on the West Coast, there have been companies that announced that we've got back to work for a while, schools, we don't know when they're going to get back to work. My guess would be that in the future, people will get back to work. There's something about being at the office and the exchange of ideas at the office that makes that a more positive way to work. So, I think this is somewhat short term. By the middle of next year, I think people will be back to work and will be normal, just like it has been.
Manav Gupta: And a quick follow-up question again on the Canadian side. You have expenses, you are one of the biggest buyers of Canadian crude. In terms of volumes versus, May or -- April or May, what kind of increase in volumes from Canada are you seeing at this point of time, versus just two or three months ago?
Greg Garland: So, we've been importing from Canada roughly the same amount, a little over 500,000 barrels a day. We're limited on pipelines, logistics, and thats kind of limits for Canada crude exported out of the West Coast.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. So, first on the DAPL front. I understand that to PSX, end of the event of a shutdown will be roughly $200 million per year of EBITDA. Can you talk about potential offsets in your system if differentials do blow out, you can import and accrued by rail at Bayway and Ferndale?
Greg Garland: So, currently, we move by rail to Bayway and Ferndale by 75,000 barrels a day. We think we can get another 75% maybe up to 120,000 barrels a day of additional crude to both refineries from the Bakken. We're taking a look at differentials. And as they get wider, we'll be in a position to move those extra barrels.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And Brian, a follow-up to Manavs question on structural demand. So, when you talk about the markets where things have progressed more steadily and recovering to -- close to normal, 95% of demand in Germany and Austria, for example. So, are you seeing like plateauing at 95%? Is it continuing to recover, can you talk about 5% up to structural losses? How should we think about that?
Brian Mandell: I think that's still affect of COVID you can -- I mean, COVID is not gone in Germany and Austria, just like it isn't gone here in the U.S. So, we would expect that to get back to 100% at the point where we have some type of therapeutic or some kind of cure to COVID. But at current rate, that is instructional. People want to get out, they want to drive. So, we think it's just the lingering effects of COVID-19.
Operator: Prashant Rao from Citi, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Prashant Rao: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Sort of a two-part, so I'll just leave at the one with the two parts to it, and they are both on Midstream. I kind of wanted to get a sense of -- it feels like there's a lot of moving parts here, but you've got Gray Oak with full operations, the tie-in work is done on Sweeney. Throughput volumes look like they are -- should at least pace product demand and crude demands are coming back up. So, it feels really like 2Q should be sort of a bottom for the year from where we stand right now. I wanted to get your sense on, if that's sort of a fair assumption. And then, from there, the second part, then if I think about sort of the trajectory of the snapback towards getting back to earnings levels, where we were, back half of last year, at least or 1Q of this year. How much of that is volume-driven and what's the -- how much of that is more margin driven? I know, the two are interrelated. But, if you could help us to sort of think about per Boe margin as the volumes come back, how that should trend and ultimately get you north of $400 million on earnings per quarter. Does that is -- that something that seems in scope for the back half of this year? So, those two parts, it would be helpful to get some color on both.
Greg Garland: The first part, on that with regard to our systems and so forth, when you look at Gray Oak and all the activity that we've got going on, I can say that you're right. Second quarter, really does seem like it was the bottom at the trough. Obviously, it's a little tough to kind of go out with the second wave of the pandemic. Certainly, we're going to work our way through that. But, we've seen things progressively move up through the quarter. So that I would say is -- we feel that way currently. We've got a lot of activity going on. We have seen, for example on Gray Oak, I'm pleased to tell you that we're up and running. We have seen volumes have picked up, and we're near and we see global [ph] currently, which is good, which is not where we were in the middle of the quarter, for the second quarter. So, that's directionally going in the right direction. When we see overall volumes through our NGL system, all of them month-to-month are improving. So directionally, we feel pretty good that it's moving in the right direction. It's the length of time it takes to recover. We still think the middle of next year is when you see banks start normalize to a point, where we're back in mid cycle.
Kevin Mitchell: I think, maybe the only thing I'd add to that. As you think about kind of Gray Oak Fracs 2, 3, those are pretty much fixed fee. So, there's not a lot of commodity exposure there. Where we still have commodity exposure is really around the LPG export. And of course in the second quarter, we had some downtime for the tie-in. So, we ran the frac a little lighter and didn't give export barrels out and also the fees went down across the dock in the second quarter. But, we do think that we'll see some improvement in terms of get more volume across the dock and also some opportunities to increase dock fees. So that's where the big exposure is. And that's more than the $200 million, probably, if you think about it in the total scope, the opportunity set for us.
Greg Garland: And I think, Prashant, as you know these projects are underwritten by long-term shipper commitments that support the investment and the return on these projects.
Operator: Ryan Todd, Simmons Energy, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a couple quick of follow-ups on Refining. Despite the idling of MPCs Martinez Refinery, what those utilization rates are still kind of struggling from the trough of the downturn relative to other regions? Can you talk about maybe how regional demand fundamentals are driving the different recovery paths that you see for utilization rates in the Gulf Coast versus the West Coast or East Coast?
Greg Garland: Yes. I think actually, if you look at our system across our different pads, we don't see that much difference in utilization. I think pads is pad. Right now, I think, in California in particular, right, if the conventional wisdom before the pandemic was we were refinery long in California sometimes for market balance, today, we're something above that. So, even with Martinez down, the demands of the market don't require the refining system out there really to be running harder than we currently are. We're in the low-80s across our system, and that's pretty constructive for California also.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thanks. And then, maybe on the marketing side. The retail results have been relative bright spot and they were again this quarter. I wanted to ask how the outlook is looking in the third quarter, as commodity prices have started to normalize or maybe you can speak to further opportunities to organically build on your West Coast retail JV from here?
Kevin Mitchell: Obviously, we completed most of the West Coast retail joint venture late last year, which is fortunate time for us. We've finished the rest earlier this month. So, we've taken back cash on the margins and the value driven by the West coast joint venture, and it's been about what we said it would be in about 50 million to 60 million barrels -- $50 million to $60 million a year in terms of EBITDA, for that joint venture. So, we're kind of happy about where it is. Of course, it's hard to tell during the COVID period but we think it's on track. And we'll continue to take a look at opportunities to grow that joint venture and opportunities to integrate into our business. We think integration is very important as Greg mentioned earlier, and we're looking for opportunities to integrate, particularly on the West Coast and even more particularly in the Middle America, where we have large refining business.
Operator: We have now reached the end of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, David. Thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact Brent or myself. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is David and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66s first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bob Herman, Executive Vice President, Refining; Brian Mandell, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, Executive Vice President, Midstream. Todays presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland, for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before addressing the quarter, we want to comment on the current environment. First and foremost, our focus continues to be on the wellbeing of our employees and their families, our communities, maintaining safe and reliable operations, and ensuring the financial and operational strength of our company. Our business is essential and were focused on providing critical energy products and services for our customers. The safety and health of our workforce is our top priority. Phillips 66 has implemented appropriate steps to protect our workforce that are consistent with CDC, national, state and local directives. Weve limited our operating facilities to business critical staff, and implemented strict protocols to prevent introduction and spread of the Coronavirus. In our Houston and Bartlesville offices, over 95% of our employees are working remotely. Our employees have stepped up to the challenge during these unprecedented times and are adopting new ways of working to ensure business continuity. Our plan today for our company, we have them in place to ensure a safe return to our normal operations. We contributed $3 million to COVID-19 relief efforts in the communities where we live and operate. The funds will provide essential support for first responders, food banks, healthcare, and other critical organizations serving vulnerable populations. We recently announced actions in response to the challenging business environment. Were focused on conserving cash and maintaining strong liquidity to manage through this unprecedented down-cycle. We secured a $2 billion term loan facility and issued $1 billion of senior unsecured notes. We suspended share repurchases in March. Weve taken action to reduce cost by $500 million this year. Organization is doing a great job of identifying opportunities and efficiencies. And were leveraging our [Vantage 66] [ph] initiatives to achieve these cost savings. Were reducing consolidated capital spending by $700 million. This reduction will be partly offset by $400 million increase as DCP Midstream will not be exercising its option to participate in Sweeny Fracs 2 and 3 this year, In Midstream, weve deferred the Red Oak Pipeline and Sweeny Frac 4 projects. Phillips 66 Partners has also deferred Liberty Pipeline and postponed final investment decision on the ACE Pipeline. In Refining, were deferring and canceling certain discretionary projects. We continue to fund sustaining capital to ensure safe and reliable operations. And were executing the in-flight projects that are nearing completion. We deferred some turnarounds until later this year and also into 2021. Weve reduced refinery runs across the system in response to lower product demand and margins. In April, our crude capacity utilization was in the high 60% range. These steps provide additional liquidity and flexibility, as we navigate this global crisis. By doing so, were protecting the company, the security of the dividend and our strong investment grade credit rating. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and creating long-term value for our shareholders. In the first quarter total adjusted earnings were $450 million, or $1.02 per share. We generated $217 million of operating cash flow or $736 million, excluding working capital. We returned $839 million to our shareholders. During the quarter, we achieved strong safety performance. We continue to strive toward a zero incident, zero accident workplace. Were executing our strategy and progressing major growth projects. The Gray Oak Pipeline commenced full operations of West Texas service on April 1; and more recently, the Eagle Ford segment of the pipeline starting operations, marking completion of the project. At the Beaumont Terminal, we added 2.2 million barrels of fully contracted crude oil storage, increasing the terminals total crude and product stores capacity to 16.8 million barrels. We continue to advance midstream growth projects scheduled for completion this year, including Sweeny Fracs 2 and 3, Beaumont dock 4, as well as PSXPs Clemens Caverns expansion and the South Texas Gateway Terminal. These projects are progressing well as planned. In Chemicals, CPChem and Qatar Petroleum are jointly pursuing development of petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Qatar. CPChem continued front-end engineering design for its U.S. Gulf Coast project and advanced joint venture discussions with its partner. CPChem has deferred a final investment decision on the Gulf Coast project. In Refining, we completed the FCC unit upgrade at the Sweeney Refinery to increase production of higher-value petrochemical products and higher-octane gasoline. The project was completed on time and within budget. In Marketing, our West Coast retail joint venture is expected to close on the acquisition of approximately 100 sites in the second quarter of 2020 as previously announced. The joint venture enables increased long-term placement of our refinery production and increases exposure to retail margins. In closing, were honored that 5 of our refineries were recently recognized by AFPM for their 2019 safety performance. Our Ferndale, Santa Maria, Borger, Lake Charles and Bayway refineries received Distinguished Safety Awards. This is the highest annual safety award in our industry, and the fourth year in a row that our refineries have received this honor. AFPM also recognized CPChems Borger, Conroe, Orange and Port Arthur facilities for exemplary 2019 safety performance. So congratulations to all those facilities. Were proud of you, really well done. And with that, Im going to turn the call over to Kevin to go through the financials.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide 4, we summarize our financial results. We reported a first quarter loss of $2.5 billion. We had special items amounting to an after-tax loss of $2.9 billion. This includes a $1.8 billion impairment of Refining segment goodwill, and a $1.2 billion pre-tax impairment of the companys investment in DCP Midstream. After excluding special items, adjusted earnings were $450 million or $1.02 per share. Operating cash flow was $736 million, excluding working capital. Adjusted capital spending for the quarter was $900 million, including $644 million for growth projects. We returned $839 million to shareholders through $396 million of dividends, and $443 million of share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 437 million shares outstanding. Moving to Slide 5. This slide highlights the change in pre-tax income by segment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings decreased $239 million, driven by lower results in Refining. The first quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 4%. The lower rate was primarily due to a higher proportion of income attributable to non-controlling interests and foreign operations relative to domestic results in a low earnings environment. Our rate was further reduced by impacts from state taxes and recent tax changes under the CARES Act. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. First quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $460 million, an increase of $55 million from the previous quarter. Transportation adjusted pre-tax income was $200 million, down $50 million from the previous quarter. The decrease was due to lower equity affiliate earnings, largely reflecting reduced volume commitments on the REX Pipeline. In addition, decreased refinery utilization impacted volumes on our pipelines and terminals. On April 1, the Gray Oak Pipeline began the full operation of West Texas service, and later in April, the Eagle Ford segment came online. The pipeline is now fully operational. NGL and Other delivered record adjusted pre-tax income of $179 million. The $59 million increase from the prior quarter was due to propane and butane trading activity, as well as record margins at the Sweeny Hub. The Freeport LPG export facility averaged 13 cargoes per month and the fractionator ran at 114% utilization. DCP Midstream adjusted pre-tax income of $81 million was up $46 million from the previous quarter. The increase reflects hedging gains driven by lower commodity prices as well as lower operating costs. In response to the challenging environment, DCP Midstream is reducing costs, reducing growth capital by 75%, and recently cut the quarterly distribution by 50%. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 7. First quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $193 million, up to $20 million from the fourth quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins adjusted pre-tax income was $193 million. The $39 million increase from the previous quarter is due to higher polyethylene sales volumes, reflecting increased demand in the first quarter, primarily for food packaging and medical supplies, following lower seasonal fourth quarter demand. Global O&P utilization was 98%. Adjusted pre-tax income for SA&S decreased $23 million due to low margins and higher turnaround activity. During the first quarter, we received $33 million in cash distributions from CPChem. CPChem is taking steps to reduce 2020 capital by $600 million and operating costs by $300 million. Turning to Refining on Slide 8. Refining first quarter adjusted pre-tax loss was $401 million, down from adjusted pre-tax income of $345 million last quarter. Across our system, the weaker results were largely due to lower realized margins and volumes as well as higher turnaround costs. Realized margins for the quarter decreased by 25% to $7.11 per barrel. Crude utilization was 83% compared with 97% last quarter. The first quarter was impacted by significant turnaround activity, economic run cuts as well as unplanned downtime. We completed turnarounds at the Alliance, Sweeny and Los Angeles refineries. In addition, we had outages at the Bayway and Ponca City refineries. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $329 million, an increase of $97 million from the previous quarter. The first quarter clean product yield was 82%, a decrease from the prior quarter due to downtime on secondary units. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the first quarter was $9.82 per barrel compared to $12.45 per barrel in the fourth quarter. Realized margin was $7.11 per barrel and resulted in an overall market capture of 72%. Market capture in the previous quarter was 76%. Market capture is impacted by refining  refinery configuration, we make less gasoline and more distillate than premise in the 3:2:1 market crack. During the quarter, the distillate crack decreased approximately $4 per barrel, and the gasoline crack declined by almost $2 per barrel. Losses from secondary products of $1.32 per barrel improved $1.03 per barrel from the previous quarter due to falling crude prices. Losses from feedstock were $0.21 per barrel. Feedstock advantage declined $1.23 per barrel from the prior quarter. The decrease is primarily due to timing of crude purchases relative to crude runs. The other category reduced realized margins by $0.17 per barrel. This was an improvement of $0.37 per barrel from the prior quarter driven by clean product price realizations. Moving to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted first quarter pre-tax income was $488 million, $201 million higher than the fourth quarter. Marketing and Other increased $197 million from higher realized margins, reflecting the impact of falling refined products spot prices, partly offset by lower volumes. Specialties increased $4 million due to higher finished lubricant margins. We reimaged 250 domestic branded sites during the first quarter bring the total to approximately 4,440 since the start of the program. In our international marketing business, we reimaged 11 European sites, bringing the total to approximately 90, since the programs inception. Refined product exports in the first quarter were 160,000 barrels per day compared with 157,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter. On Slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted pre-tax cost of $197 million, an improvement of $14 million from the prior quarter. The decrease is primarily due to lower employee related expenses, partially offset by higher charitable contributions. Slide 12 shows the change in cash during the quarter. We started the year with $1.6 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations was $736 million, excluding working capital. There was a working capital use of $519 million. Consolidated debt increased by $1.2 billion. We funded $900 million of adjusted capital spending and returned $839 million to shareholders, including $443 million through share repurchases. On March 18, we suspended our share repurchase program. Our ending cash balance was $1.2 billion. We are focused on conserving cash and maintaining strong liquidity in the current environment. At March 31, we had $6.9 billion of liquidity, reflecting $1.2 billion of consolidated cash, a $5 billion revolving credit facility at Phillips 66 and the $750 million revolving credit facility at Phillips 66 Partners. Phillips 66 has a commercial paper program for short-term funding needs. In April, we paid off $525 million of maturing debt, executed $1 billion in bond issuances, and secured $1 billion of incremental term-loan capacity, which is currently undrawn. S&P and Moodys reaffirmed Phillips 66s investment-grade credit ratings of BBB+ and AAA respectively. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, Ill cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the second quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90%s. In Refining, crude utilization will be adjusted according to market conditions. In April, utilization was in the high 60% range. We expect second quarter pre-tax turnaround expenses to be between $45 million and $70 million. We anticipate second quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $200 million and $220 million pre-tax. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning. Thanks. Thanks team for taking the question. The first one is just around what you guys are seeing real time, on demand? You have a large marketing system. So any real-time data points would be valuable. And then, if you could tie that into your comments on utilization, you ran in the high 60%s in April, and recognizing theres probably some commercial limitations on the terms of how you youre able to talk about, how you expect that to go forward? Any thoughts as you think about planning in May, in June on the utilization side?
Greg Garland: Okay. Brian?
Brian Mandell: Hi, Neil, thanks for the question. We have line of sight in Western Europe where we have stores and also in the U.S. So well start with Western Europe. At the worst of the demand destruction, we were down about 70%. Weve seen things come back to about 50% now. In Germany and Austria, theyre starting to open up those communities a little bit, bigger stores can now open. If you come over to the U.S. we were seeing 50% demand destruction depending on rural or urban areas. Now, thats up to about 35%. So things are getting better. In terms of refinery utilization, we are matching our utilization with demand. So as demand moves up, we are moving up our utilization as well. We got down to about 65% utilization when demand was at its worst.
Greg Garland: So, Neil, as you think about gasoline demand, consumer-driven, roughly 35% of gasoline demand is driving to and from work. And recent statistics show over 90% of the U.S. population under some form of lockdown. And the pace of recovery is going to be driven by the impact of COVID-19 and the relief from these policies. About 16 states have scheduled to lift stay-at-home policies and public opinion starting to rally towards restarting the economy. As people come back to work and start driving, theyll be greeted with lower gasoline prices, down about 40% year-on-year at retail and support from $6 trillion stimulus package, which should support recovery as well.
Neil Mehta: Yeah, appreciate that. The follow-up is, on the marketing side of the business, where earnings came in better than at least our model for the first quarter. Is there any guidance or the way we should think about that as we go into 2Q and 3Q, recognizing volumes would be down? Any thoughts in terms of how you see the next 6 months from a margin standpoint and whether there can be an offset?
Greg Garland: Thanks, Neil. Certainly marketing speaks to the benefit of diversity in our portfolio. And as you might know, in Europe, where we had very, very strong margins, we have  about 80% of our stores in Western Europe are retail-owned, company-owned stores. So we get the benefit of the retail margin in that segment. And the retail margin was very, very strong. Ill say for the first quarter, until about mid-March, when COVID hit, we were running above volumes, budget volumes. And when COVID hit, we came off. But for the quarter, probably about 90% of volumes, but margins 2 to 3 times what we had budgeted for margins, so very, very strong margins. Typical of falling flat price, so really did a good job there. And in the U.S. where most of our stores are jobber-owned or wholesale-owned stores, still decent volumes in the U.S. and margin not as good as overseas, but we had good margins in the U.S. too with falling prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Greg Garland: Hey, Doug.
Brian Mandell: Morning.
Doug Terreson: So, Greg, you guys have been originator of the disciplined capital management approach. And its obviously serving shareholders well during the upturn and now the downturn too. So, kudos to the team for that. And while you reiterated your commitment today, were in an unusual period of high industry stress, which is usually associated with consolidation, if financial and strategic merit is available. So my question is while youve historically used your internal capital management program, to drive value, and you guys have obviously been successful, peers have often used acquisitions. And so, I want to see how you frame the strategic opportunity set today, whether you think its that different from prior downturns, and also, any other notable color or philosophy that you can share on this topic?
Greg Garland: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Well, this is 40 years for me in the business. This is my first global pandemic. Ive been through several economic crisis, so. And what I always tell people is that, single point in time forecasts in the middle of a crisis are always dangerous and often wrong. And that was true if crude was $100 and crude is $20. And we always view our business through the lens of mid-cycle, Doug. We think thats appropriate way to do it. Weve had this 60/40 allocation framework, 60% kind of reinvested back in our business and 40% return to shareholders. We still think thats a good framework. Obviously, theres times when youre going to be on the other side of that, like in the current crisis liquidity is king. Youve seen us take the steps to thin liquidity. But real purpose of that is protect the investment-grade credit rating and protect the dividend as we go through that. But were going to come out of this on the other side of this, as I  so as I think about $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow at mid-cycle, and I acknowledge were certainly not mid-cycle today. So we always start with the sustaining capital. Thats the first dollar. Thats a billion dollars a year and our dividend is second, at $1.6 billion. And then, weve kind of guided to $2 billion to $2.5 billion of share repurchase, $1 billion to $2.5 billion of growth capital. But as I look at all the CapEx cuts that Im seeing in the upstream business, 30%, in that range or higher for some, I think that the midstream investable opportunities are going to be challenged in 2021. And so, well, were a long way to December, when we would normally set our capital budget. Today, I would tell you, we would probably guide to the low-end of that, and just in terms of the organic investable opportunities, that meet our hurdle rates. And then, as you think about that, if were  we think as we get into 2021, were back towards more mid-cycle conditions for the most part in terms of refining margins, chemical margins, et cetera. So, cash, certainly generation will improve. So well probably pay down some debt, have the opportunity to restart the share repurchase program. As I think about the dividend today at [$1.06] [ph], its very affordable for us. In our normal cycle, we would look at probably increasing the dividend in kind of midyear. And this is certainly the prerogative of the Board. But as you think about it, were 3 times the 10-year average dividend yield, of S&P 100. I dont think theres a necessity for us to do something immediately. Because we get in the back half the year, well have a lot opportunities to think about what we do with the dividend in terms of increasing it in the back-half. To your question around M&A or acquisitions, so first point is never try to catch a falling knife, obviously. And as I think about TSX and how were positioned, great diverse portfolio, strong balance sheet. Were well positioned to do what we need to do. The best thing is we dont have to do anything on the M&A front. We have great opportunities to create value for our shareholders, so we can be highly selective. Theres a lot of examples out there today of folks that have done the M&A side of it. And its really hard to create value doing that. And so, while I do think that there will be consolidation that comes both in upstream and midstream, through the balance of this year into 2021, just given the stress levels that people have, so there could be opportunities to pick up the assets of not even whole companies. And so, I think youll see us look at everything. So well be very, very careful and very selective about what we might do, Doug.
Doug Terreson: Okay, good framework, Greg. Thanks a lot.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from BfA. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, everyone. I am a bit reticent. I want to check you can hear me okay.
Greg Garland: Yes.
Doug Leggate: [indiscernible] having been some
Greg Garland: Youre coming through clear, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Yeah, I think Chevron cut their IT budget it seems. But anyway  so, I just got a couple of questions. I guess, first of all, Greg, when you look at whats happening to gasoline and distillate, theyve got kind of contrasting fortunes right now. Valero made a comment on their call the other day that they expect the market or the industry to move quickly to rebalance the distillate set of the equation. I just wonder if you could offer your thoughts as to what Phillips thinks of that situation and how you might try and address it at your level. And Ive got a follow up, please.
Greg Garland: Yeah, let me just make some overarching comments, and then Brian or Jeff can come in. I actually think that  you think about the energy space and energy sector, Doug, I actually think refining may well leave that space out of this. And I suspect in the U.S. its is going to be around gasoline. People been cooped up. They want to drive. I think theyre going to be reluctant to go get in the middle seat on an airplane at first. And I think that will come. We saw that certainly after 9/11, and people took a while to get back in the space. I think being in quarantine and being cooped up and just going crazy in the house, people are going to want to get out. And that should actually bring gasoline demand back pretty good. And indeed, weve seen gasoline prices move up and not quite on parity with distillate. But then as the company starts to pick up, my view is that distillate demand is also going to pick up as we get the economy moving again. And so, I mean the real answer to the dilemma that were facing today in energy impact for many companies, is weve got to get demand going again. So Brian or Jeff, do you want to comment on top of that, please do.
Brian Mandell: So I would say too, Doug, if to take a look at refinery yields between January and April in the U.S., you could see a gasoline was down from 50% to 44%, jet was down from 11% to 5%, half as much jet made, and distillate was up 9%, 29% to 38%. So, lot of the jet into the distillate. Refiners move from a gasoline economy to a distillate economy. And as a refiner, we continue to watch the cracks. As an example, now gasoline is over distillate in the West Coast. So we think about that and when we think about opportunities to move our refineries to make the products that people want. And I think youll also see some gasoline come out of storage now and youll see some distillate go into storage as demand starts to continue to increase distillate. If you take a look at the distillate contango and the crude contango, its about the same, from prompt to December. So theres an incentive to store distillate as well. And I think youll see some storage as well.
Doug Leggate: Thats really helpful color. Thank you. I guess my follow up is, weve all been asking, at least in those who have reported so far, the E&Ps how they respond to price signals in terms of how quickly they go back to putting rigs back to work and all the rest of it. And I realize thats a longer-dated question. But I wanted to ask you the same question about refinery utilization, because the export market has obviously been a big sink for, I guess, excess product for a number of years now. So given the uncertainty in the global market, whether youve got maybe a more specific issue here in the U.S., how do you think about  I mean, would you  when you see margins rebound, how quickly do you think youll move your utilization up? Would you also be a little bit more paced or measured in the way that you respond to allow those margins to maybe get themselves a little stability at a higher level before you start moving to a higher level? I just want to think of behavioral  from a behavioral standpoint, how you guys are anticipating coming out the other side of this.
Greg Garland: Maybe Ill continue out. I mean, first of all, the margins will lead us where well go, Doug. I mean, it will tell us where we need to increase rates or not. You want to just increase rates, increase rates, I think. Maybe itd be good, Bob, if you had thought  weve really prepared the refineries to bring them back if we need to. And you may want to talk a little bit about that, and then Ill let Jeff come in over-the-top and then talk. But Bob, if you would?
Robert Herman: Yeah. So as weve ramped our refineries down, we actually found ways to get down to lower utilization than we would have ever imagined, I think, going into this, Doug. And weve been pretty careful about how we park the units that weve shutdown completely, and we do have some FCCs down and reformers to unmake gasoline in the list, but weve kept our subject matter experts busy, making sure that were ready to run when the signals are there. I think were going to be pretty careful, though, about not bringing capacity back on too quickly because the last thing we or anybody else wants to do is starting it up and then shut it down a week later, or a couple of weeks later. So I think were going to look for a pretty strong and a pretty stable demand signal from the market, before we start ramping up units that might be idled right now.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think as we think about demand, its really the combination of domestic demand and exports into the international market. So its a combination of both. And as you know, China kind of had the COVID first and its recovering. Were seeing that 80%, 90% back up so strong recovery in China. Europe and then the U.S. kind of got hit next, and those are starting  markets are starting to improve. Latin America, Central America, were the last ones to get hit with the COVID impact. And so were seeing a little bit of weakness there. But its really a holistic approach to demand overall that were using as a guide to run our refineries at the rate that matches that recovery.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: Just kind of following up a little bit on Dougs question there about how things come back and all that. Do you have a feeling for what is the inventory overage as you think about it from the refining down to the retail level? I mean, obviously, we get the gasoline stats every week. But would your view be that thats a stack full of inventory as everything else we look at, or that that might be a little bit better? Im just trying to think of the timing of recovery here as demand slowly starts to pick back up.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think as we look at inventories as a percent of shale capacity, crude inventories running at a higher percentage than products. And especially at Cushing, theres about 92 million barrels a day of shale capacity there. If you look historically, Cushing inventories have kind of maxed out about 75% of shale, so that would be about 70 million barrels at Cushing, and were currently at 63 million barrels. So thats an area where crude inventories are high relative to the capacity thats available. Gasoline distillate, some of the products, lower utilization of shale capacity at this point. But obviously, regional and local dynamics are extremely important. And were factoring that into how we run the refineries to meet demand and the infrastructure thats available there.
Brian Mandell: We have the addition of a flywheel for gasoline, because PADD 1 is an import market, Roger. And if you take a look at just the last DOEs, 160,000 barrels of gasoline came into PADD 1. Thats about 25% at this time of year that less  or 75% less, 25% of what typically comes in, in PADD 1. So thats kind of the flywheel as we think about gasoline demand in the U.S. But I think the bottom line is refiners will produce just what demand is. We wont overproduce and that will keep us from filling up. Were far from filling up now globally or U.S.-wide. So we dont have any concerns on clean products.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, Greg, this question is probably for you. The performance of Chemical utilization in Q1, the guidance for a pretty strong Q2. Can you give us an idea of whats driving that? Why Chemicals has been managed or is managing to stay a lot stronger on the demand side than what were seeing across most of the rest of the business ops?
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think you kind of just start with a geographically diverse sales mix for CPChem and the fact that the high-density products that they make go into more consumer type markets. A lot of the chemical peers have a lot more exposure in automotive and automotive has been hit really hard. But if you think about detergent bottles and bleach bottles and hand sanitizer bottles, those things are flying off the shelf, and those are the kinds of things that CPChem makes. And then youre seeing a resurgence of disposable packaging as communities ban reusable bags and go back to the disposable bags. And so  I mean, thats been  and I think that one of the things weve seen is really strong demand across all segments of all geographies. So good demand in Asia, good demand in Europe and good demand in the U.S. So its really product portfolio driven.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hi there.
Greg Garland: Hey Phil.
Phil Gresh: First question I have is probably best for Kevin. I just want to get some of your thoughts on the moving pieces here in the first quarter on cash flow. Free cash flow was negative in the quarter. There were some line items in CFO that looked negative there that didnt really have much of a description to them. But also then, as I think about the underlying performance, the Refining capture rates pretty varied depending on the region. So just any underlying color you could give on the performance in the quarter there.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah, Phil. Its  so Q1 is usually a weak cash generation quarter anyway. And youre right that on the cash flow statement, if you dig into the details, so deferred taxes was a use of cash and normally thats an add back. That is specifically associated with the DCP impairment. And so if you sort of normalize for that, you would have had a sort of modest $200 million inflow on cash on that particular line item. So there are certain details like that that have an impact on the overall. But I would say, I think were pretty pleased that from a working capital standpoint, typically a use of cash in the first quarter, it was this time but probably less than what weve historically seen. Some of thats a function of  you may remember, in fourth quarter, we did not recover all of our 2019 working capital the way we had anticipated. And the reality is a lot of the inventory drawdown in the fourth quarter rolled into Q1 of this year from a cash standpoint just based on the timing of when those barrels were sold. Weve also been pretty aggressive in looking at other opportunities to sort of optimize around working capital. And then the other comment, just from an overall standpoint, we announced actions to reduce capital, reduce costs. But in the context of the first quarter, our spending really was  those activities were already sort of set in place and very little ability to directly influence capital. So its on a  if you annualize our capital number for 1Q, youll get quite a higher number than what we expect the full year to be. And theres no doubt, we did consume cash. We issued $1.2 billion of debt over the quarter and we ended the quarter with less cash than we started. So that is the reality of the environment. It was a tough environment. And of course, the high Refining turnaround costs are a drag as well. That you typically dont have in a normal steady state quarter. So I think Ill leave it at that.
Phil Gresh: Okay. No, thats helpful. My second question is on Chemicals. Probably for Greg, given your experience in this business for a long period of time. Weve clearly seen oil prices come down, naphtha feedstocks getting more competitive. You announced that youre deferring the decision on the 2 crackers to 2021. But is there anything about this situation that you think has structurally changed in any way that the feedstock advantage of your facilities vis--vis naphtha-based facilities longer term? And as we look at the current environment, how do you think about trough fundamentals for Chemicals for your business? Are essentially there at this point? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yeah, so first of all, theres no question as crude prices have come down, that spread between, lets say, natural gas and crude has certainly diminished for LPG crackers such as CPChem, and thats true, Middle East or U.S. Gulf Coast. I would also say $20 crude is not sustainable in our view. And we think crude will ultimately normalize, and then well see that spread opportunity capture come back to us. And today, our view is, theres certainly sufficient NGLs to crack. But when you look at the cracks play today, naphtha is pretty competitive in that crack space. The C5, C4s are very competitive in that crack space. One of the things that were seeing in Chemicals today though, thats unusual is given the automotive downturn, were not consuming tires. And so making the butadiene go away is becoming a bigger and bigger issue. And as you know, naphtha makes a lot of co-products, of which butadiene is one of them. And so industry is looking  the tanks are full, industry is looking at co-cracking butadiene now just to make it go away. And so that will ultimately start to impact the economics of naphtha in that mix, because its so highly dependent on the value of the co-products. So I would suggest that for the balance this year, you should expect the feedstocks in that chemicals chain to be quite volatile. But theyve all kind of converged around that same space. Theres still 1 million barrels a day probably of ethane in rejection. And so were still highly confident that this next wave of crackers coming on, theres going to be plenty of LPG feedstocks, albeit that theyre going to be competing head on head with naphtha, at least through the balance of this year until crude gets back to a normal. Robert, youve had a lot of experience in chemicals also. You want to add anything to that?
Robert Herman: No, I think youve got it, Greg. I think this is  were at a moment, but I think its just a moment. Crude has to  I think its going to work its way back up. And youll get that typical normal delta will come back from an advantaged feedstock.
Jeff Dietert: Phil, one thing I would say is were starting to see delays in the construction of new capacity, both domestically and in Asia, so pushing out the start-up of planned capacity. Secondly, Id just say the polyethylene chain margin that we reported in our supplement was $0.178 per pound in 1Q. The April index is about $0.14 a pound. So thats kind of where we are today.
Greg Garland: It could go single digits. So weve seen it there before. And so I think well just have to watch as we go through the year. The fortunate thing is that demand has really held up well across that chain and that should be good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: 2 questions. Greg, if I look beyond just this year and next year, say, go into, say, 2022, 2023, in the post-COVID world, is there in energy front that change your investment criteria and your outlook for the logistics? And then when we argue that the budget cuts on the Upstream company probably, say, going to see at least 2 million barrels a day of the oil production drop, except the excess between late last year to end of next year. And we probably wont get back to early this year production level until maybe 2024 or even 2025. So is that a change in your view about that business at all?
Greg Garland: Yeah. So we probably look at exit over exit in a 2 million to 3 million barrel range, Paul. Were probably maybe a little north of you on 2 million of where we see the exit rates. We do think that were in a recovery phase. Its probably less investable opportunities in Midstream. And I think that forces us to rethink our Midstream growth opportunities. But youve seen us do this before. In 2015, we were circa $6 billion of consolidated capital. And in 2017, we cut that to $1.8 billion. And so were certainly willing to do that again if thats what the market tells us to do and we cant find investable opportunities, Paul. But longer term, I think, we get  we keep coming back. This pandemic will be over. There could be another one in the future we just dont know about. But the last one was 1917. So, the odds are good that were going to get back on a growth trajectory here. Theres still literally hundreds of millions of people that are coming into the middle class. There are going to be consumers, there are going to be petrochemicals, there are going to be consumers of energy. I think directionally, that should be positive for a return to growth. What we dont know is, does the growth go back to where it was or do we start growing from where were at today? So I think thats the real question that is to be answered in front of us. Jeff, I dont know if you want to come in. As youre thinking about out in 2023 and 2024, youre seeing anything different?
Jeff Dietert: No, I think that was well said.
Paul Cheng: And the second question is for Kevin, that you guys always have a conservative balance sheet. But after the COVID-19, as were looking out, again, theres not so much about this year, next year, but on a longer term. Is your financial parameter, whether its on the debt level, asset capital ratio or anything, or even that how you deal the PSXP as a vehicle for you, how those  is there any shape or pumping change?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah, Paul, I dont think, long-term we would change our view on expectations around the balance sheet and leverage. We have historically talked about, at the PSX level, a leverage ratio, sort of 30% debt-to-cap ratio, 25% to 30%. And obviously, were higher than that right now. And weve been working both sides of that equation between the writedowns, had an impact on the denominator. And obviously, weve added some debt and so were sitting above that. But one of the reasons why we target what a lot would consider a very conservative leverage is so that when we come into times like this, we have the ability, the capacity to issue some incremental debt, weather the storm, come through that the other end and not have a detrimental impact on credit ratings and our ability to access debt markets. And so I think we feel very good that our financial strategy has really played out the way we would expect in times like this. I do think that as cash flow improves, we will have short-term debt coming out of this. Greg mentioned earlier, we will put priority on eliminating that debt. And we would expect that over time, we would get leverage back to within its  our sort of target level range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Hey guys, some time back maybe 4 or 5 years, you sold a refining asset on the East Coast, which was then specifically reconfigured to produce jet fuel. Im trying to understand what happens to these assets across the world, which were specifically designed to produce jet fuel in the current environment in which we are?
Greg Garland: Yeah, were all looking at each other. Who wants to answer that question? So I guess Ill lead off. Im glad we sold it when we did. Its really hard, and Bob may want to comment, but its really hard to move that configuration a lot, to produce jet fuel. Im not sure that the refinery is running that much different in terms of its output today or yield structure than  at least at the margins.
Robert Herman: Yeah. I think if you just look at it over time, theyve prioritized making jet fuel, even when maybe the margins didnt drive them to do that, because of their ownership structures. But theres only so many kerosene molecules in a barrel of oil, and its hard to get anything else than that done and they trade away the rest of the products for jet fuel, and thats kind of their business model. So we dont have any insight to what theyre doing today when nobody  when they dont want the jet fuel, their parent company doesnt want the jet fuel, and nobody wants to trade them for jet fuel.
Manav Gupta: Okay. A quick follow-up is, we were monitoring global capacity additions for the next 2, 3 years. And I think, Jeff mentioned this on the Chemical side. Is there a probability that some of these refinery expansions also get delayed, postponed or just completely scrapped off, because of the credit crunch and other issues that we are seeing on the Refining side?
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think thats right. Typically, even in a profitable market with open financial markets, those projects  new projects tend to get delayed and start-up periods tend to be longer than anticipated. But thats especially the case with COVID activities impacting labor forces and construction, and the financial markets not quite as generous as what they have been. So we would definitely expect to see refining projects get pushed out. This year, were expecting something comfortably under 1 million barrels a day of capacity adds and probably trending lower at this point. So yeah, I think youve got a good point that both on the Refining side and the Chemicals side, new capacity additions are getting pushed out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hey, good morning, everyone. Obviously, April was a crazy month in the crude markets that play on the physical side. I was just curious if you could talk about how Phillips, how much you guys were able to sort of capture those discounts, both in terms of the sort of regional basis and then also in terms of the contango that weve seen? And then how long you think that that sort of thing can go on for?
Brian Mandell: Well, Ill say that one of the great things we did and we talked about it at Investor Day, as part of Vantage 66, we had a group called the Value Chain Strategy and Optimization group, 36 employees, best and the brightest from around our different segments. And they were able to, really during this period of time, it was very fortuitous that we had them in place, think about how to optimize the entire system. So Ill give you an example. When prices for crude really fell, we were able to push barrels around into the refinery, use storage in the refinery that we might not have used new storage, third-party storage, and take advantage of really strong contango in the market. So contango is good for refiners. There are other things that are in play when youre analyzing value for refiners. But we were able to take advantage of a lot of the opportunities. We also have midstream assets where we can store product when there is a large contango. So it was good for us.
Jeff Dietert: Brad, I might just add, contango is typically a benefit for refiners on crude purchases. But we do have a number of different domestic crude contracts that impact or reflect the impact of contango and backwardation. But there is a number of other variables that impact pricing and margins. The timing of crude purchases versus product sales, location and transportation differentials, quality differentials and product placement options all influence market capture relative to the 3:2:1 benchmark cracks that you guys follow. So there are number of complexities to consider.
Brad Heffern: Okay, got it, thank you. And then you guys touched some oil export barrels. Im just curious on how you think the outlook for that looks, both in terms of the demand for U.S. crude, given the obviously weakness in global product demand, but also sort of what happens if we see significant shut-in volumes? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Well, obviously, if we see a lot of shut-in, were seeing probably 30% shut-in right now. Therell be less exports. We think there will be less exports, probably in the 2.5 million barrels a day range going forward. But our crudes still needed. And as Jeff mentioned, Asias starting to come back, and particularly China, South Korea, Japan and Thailand. So I think youll see barrels continue to be exported. We export some of our light crudes, Bakken crudes and others overseas. I think youll see that continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Matthew.
Operator: Matthew Blair, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gabelman from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Gabelman: Good morning. How is everyone doing?
Greg Garland: Well. Thank you
Jeff Dietert: Good. Good morning.
Jason Gabelman: Great. I wanted to ask a question first about the potential recovery in refinery margins. As investors try to figure out how long that takes, I think a useful corollary is prior recessions and downturns. And in the past few recessions, its taken a couple of years for refining margins, global margins to really come off their lows based off the data were looking at. So can you just discuss some of maybe the similarities and differences between the current situation were in and past recessions, and how thats going to impact the recovery in refining margins? Thanks.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. So I think it will be a factor of demand recovery and how rapidly demand recovers. In a number of previous cycles, theres been an oil price spike in front of the recessionary period thats really had a big and long-lasting impact on demand, whereas this has been much more around the COVID impact. And so, I think as businesses get back to work and consumers drive to and from work, that well see demand recover. And that will really drive the margin environment. Were likely to be in a supply long environment for a period of time, which is supportive of positive demand elasticity as well as low cost of goods sold for refiners. So I think there are some reasons for optimism in this cycle relative to previous cycles.
Jason Gabelman: Okay, understood.
Robert Herman: I think maybe one thing Id add on that.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah.
Robert Herman: Maybe one thing Id add on that too, just if you think about refining margins, its in a $30 crude environment, a $15 margin is a lot more advantageous to refiners than it was maybe in past times when we came out and we had $80 crude or $100 crude, just because of the co-product impacts. So I think you could see refining margins rebound quickly.
Jason Gabelman: Fair, thanks. And then, just moving over to the marketing business, it was touched upon earlier in the Q&A. But we dont really have good visibility into what margins are doing right now. Clearly, the first quarter was very strong, given the rapid decline in crude prices, but how are refining margins trending now as oil prices have stabilized? And then, also if you could extend the comments to how volumes are doing relative to what youve discussed in terms of overall demand destruction? Thanks.
Brian Mandell: So was your question on marketing margins or refining margins?
Jason Gabelman: On marketing margins, yeah.
Brian Mandell: So the margins in Western Europe are still very, very strong. We expect them to remain relatively strong. In the U.S., the margins are starting to stabilize some, but we still see them as being relatively good. Now, remember, in the U.S., a lot of our volume is wholesale volume and wholesale margins are smaller than the retail margins overseas. But we would expect demand to continue to increase and the margins to come off in the U.S., and thats it.
Jeff Dietert: David, do we have anyone else in the queue?
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: All right. Thank you very much for your interest in Phillips 66. We appreciate your time and interest. If you have further questions, please contact Brent or me. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kenzie, and I will be your conference operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeffrey Dietert: Good afternoon, and welcome to Phillips 66 Partners fourth quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President, Operations; and Rosy Zuklic, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Today's presentation materials can be found on the events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 includes our safe harbor statement. We are going to be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results will likely be different. Factors that could cause results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. During the fourth quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered strong operating performance, advanced major growth projects, and maintained its strong financial position. Our Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 per common unit from the previous quarter. Year-over-year, we have increased the per unit cash distribution 11%. We continue to maintain our record of quarterly distribution increases since the July 2013 IPO. Moving on to Slide 4. 2019 was another successful year for the Partnership. We continue to operate safely and reliably and delivered record earnings and adjusted EBITDA. We ended the year at a run rate EBITDA of $1.4 billion. During 2019, we completed a transaction to eliminate our general partner's incentive distribution rights, with a simplified structure, strong balance sheet, attractive organic growth opportunities, and sponsor alignment. Phillips 66 Partners is a sector-leading MLP. In 2019, PSXP delivered a 56% total unitholder return. We made good progress on our growth program this year. In November, we started the initial operations on our largest project to-date, the Gray Oak Pipeline. In addition, the Bayou Bridge pipeline extension, the Lake Charles projects pipeline, and the Lake Charles isomerization units were completed. These assets are running well, meeting our expectations and contributing to EBITDA growth. Moving on to Slide 5 to discuss the financial results. The Partnership reported record fourth quarter earnings of $255 million and adjusted EBITDA of $345 million. EBITDA increased $22 million from the third quarter. The improvement reflects increased volumes on our wholly-owned assets and a full quarter contribution from the Lake Charles isomerization unit. Our wholly-owned pipelines and terminals also achieved record volumes for the year. Fourth quarter distributable cash flow was $254 million, a decrease of $1 million from the prior quarter, driven by the timing of distributions from our joint ventures. Slide 6 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the fourth quarter with $286 million of cash and $749 million available under our revolving credit facility. In October, we paid off $300 million of senior notes due February 2020. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 2.9. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.27. We continue to target a long-term leverage ratio of up to 3.5 and distribution coverage ratio over 1.2. The Partnership advanced its major projects during the quarter, funding $146 million of growth capital. This included spend for the C2G pipeline, Sweeny to Pasadena capacity expansion, Clemens Caverns and the South Texas Gateway Terminal. As we begin 2020, we remain committed to maintaining our strong financial position and disciplined capital allocation. Now Rosy will provide an update on our growth projects.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Kevin, and hello, everyone. Slide 7 lists the projects we have ongoing. All of these projects are backed by long-term volume commitments and are expected to deliver typical Midstream return. The Gray Oak Pipeline started initial operations in November. Gray Oak is currently moving crude from West Texas to central junction, Helena and Three Rivers. This section of the pipeline is operating in line with expectations and we continue to progress towards full service in the second quarter of 2020. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in the Corpus Christi area, including South Texas Gateway Terminal. The marine export terminal will have two deepwater docks, with storage capacity of 8.5 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal, which is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2020. The remaining projects listed are progressing as planned. Phillips 66 Partners 2020 adjusted capital budget is $867 million. This includes $734 million for growth projects and $133 million of maintenance capital. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Theresa Chen from Barclays, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Rosy for the South Texas Gateway Terminal, I understand that facility is expected to start up in the third quarter with the initial service, but can you provide some color on the timing and pace of the ramp up to full service there?
Rosy Zuklic: Sure. I'll start off with a little bit of info, and of course, Tim is here and he can give us a little bit of color as well. So let me first back up with, as you know, Buckeye started initially with this facility at 3.4 million barrels of storage. And since then, we've expanded the facility to now be 8.5 million barrels with storage and having capacity for two VLCC-capable docks. In the fall of 2019, Buckeye received the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit to be able to start the work on the dock. And since then they've been working on the dock and everything has been moving in the right direction. So everything looks good from that perspective. So with projects this size and scale, the way we see it is that as tanks become available as the dock becomes available, those are going to be made available to obviously our shippers. It's not all going to be available at the same time. It's going to be a phased approach. I don't know if Tim, there's any sort of color from the exact timing when in the third quarter or anything.
Timothy Roberts: Yes. Were  third quarter, we would expect early in the third quarter as far as getting one of the burps out, and then potentially around again, mid-year with terminals, there's a  terminals, tanks, excuse me. Multiple tanks coming on and as they are commissioned, and we get filled and then subsequently can actually utilize the first dock, which both docks don't have to come up with the same time, then we'll start progressing barrels going through the facility.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And when do you think all 8.5 and both docks will be in service?
Rosy Zuklic: At this point, it's probably too ready to tell. I would speculate sometime later in the year, but I honestly don't have an exact number. We'll just have to wait and see as things progress.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And switching gears a bit, I wanted to touch on some of the Greg's comments on the PSX call related to how the Midstream inventory should ultimately end up at PSXP. And of that $800 million to $900 million qualifying income amount, how much of that is consists of what we would call inside the refinery gate assets versus the more attractive large-scale assets that could be backed by more third-party cash flows like the export infrastructure at Beaumont, Freeport and such?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Theresa, this is Kevin. So yes, Greg talked about the $800 million or so of existing EBITDA that's available to drop. And of course, he also in fact clarified that there's a significant amount of investment underway at the PSX level that well continue to grow that EBITDA number. And so that $800 million is all what we would consider sort of the true Midstream assets, it's not refinery  inside the refinery fenced type of infrastructure that if you sort of contractually arrange  put the appropriate arrangements around it. You could make it Midstream qualifying. So it's all what we would consider through Midstream EBITDA.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And in terms of financing, again, echoing Greg's words that secondary equity markets are currently closed. Any thoughts on other avenues of financing? Would you consider doing another press or a pipe, for example?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I wouldn't really speculate around what our future financing would be. And as we look at any of those kind of transactions, we're always triangulating around the balance sheet, the leverage ratios, maintaining coverage and funding the transaction. I mean, to me a pipe is just a form of an equity issuance. And so I think of just common equity in the sort of broader sense, whether you go about that through a sort of public offering or you go about it through a pipe-type mechanism. That's all a variation. You end up in the same place from that standpoint. The preferred is certainly another option to consider. We've obviously  we've done that in the past, and that's proven to be very, very successful for us. But I'm not going to speculate too far on exactly what that might look like.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Philip Stuart from Scotiabank, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Philip Stuart: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on another solid quarter. I was hoping that maybe we could talk about the EBITDA ramp kind of throughout 2020. Obviously, you guys did a great job of growing EBITDA in 2019 and kind of hitting that $1.4 billion kind of annualized run rate in 4Q a little bit ahead of schedule. As we look out on a quarterly basis, it seems like 1Q 2020 is probably going to be the low point, given the seasonal turnaround and the fact that you're not going to have a full contribution from Gray Oak. I was wondering if you guys could maybe walk us through kind of how EBITDA growth stair steps throughout the year? And if that $1.5 billion kind of annualized run rate exit 4Q 2020 is still a good figure.
Rosy Zuklic: Yes. So you're right, Phil. First quarter is normally a seasonally weaker quarter for the MLP, and there's two main reasons. One, we're coming off of butane blending. So the fourth quarter benefits from butane blending, and the first quarter ends up having that 10% volumes coming off. And so that ends up always being a headwind for the first quarter. And then additionally, just in general, refinery turnarounds tend to be a little bit higher in the first quarter. And you may have heard that in the PSX earnings call, they guided to about a 90% utilization rate. And so if you think about the fourth quarter, that ran at about 97% utilization. And then you think about, specifically the assets that are tied to the PSXP refining system  or excuse me, the PSXP asset. They ran very, very well, whether it was Ponca or Borger. And so if you think just overall 90% utilization rate, so that's going to be an additional headwind. And then as part of the Gray Oak, Gray Oak is really, with second quarter being when we expect full ramp up, it's really not going to be of anything substantial to offset those two headwinds. So first quarter will be certainly the weakest quarter. And then the way it naturally progresses, if you just look at history is the second quarter is a little bit stronger than the first. The third quarter is stronger than the second. And then the fourth quarter always ends up being the strongest quarter for the fourth. And we still believe that the $1.5 billion run rate EBITDA is what well exit 2020 with.
Kevin Mitchell: And if you look at the table of organic growth projects that come online this year. So you go from  literally Gray Oak is really the first one that's making a contribution. Sweeny to Pasadena is at 2Q. 3Q, you got South Texas Gateway, and then 4Q Clemens Caverns expansion. So there's a nice kind of ramp up through the year as the projects come up. Of those, Gray Oak is by far the most significant in terms of as an individual project.
Philip Stuart: Great. I really appreciate the color there. And then just as far as Gray Oak goes, understanding that initial service has began, and appreciate the kind of updated commentary on kind of the 2Q 2020 being the first quarter of kind of full service. Just wondering if there are any material milestones that really need to be hit between now and then that could push that back or maybe bring it forward a little bit?
Kevin Mitchell: Really, it's  the milestone at this point is the finish line. So we're at a point now where we've got multiple spreads working with regard to terminals, finishing up connections, the pipes in the ground. It's really just finishing up the terminals, power connections, I&E work, hydro testing, any kind of terminals. I mean, we are in  completely in the weeds on many different fronts, but this is typical as you're getting ready to finish the project. I've seen this in previous experienced petrochemical facilities. Nothing big, but a lot of little things and they all got to get done. So that's where we're at in this homestretch.
Philip Stuart: All right. Thanks so much. That's it for me.
Operator: Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Hi everyone. Good afternoon. Rosy, I just wanted to follow-up on Theresa's discussion about the capital growth projects. Obviously, there was a scope change, you guys talked about  and have been earlier talked about by PSX with regard to the South Texas Gateway Terminal. From the third quarter to the fourth quarter, just comparing these slides, the right cost came up on Sweeny to Pasadena. I'm assuming given that the original budget was given in December that's already been contemplated in what you gave because it's consistent with what you gave today. Is that right? Or were there offset elsewhere?
Rosy Zuklic: That's right. The $867 million of CapEx is not changing at this point. That's right.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. And then you had mentioned  I'm always just curious when slide decks change, what gets added and what comes out. You guys have been featuring sort of an anticipated six to eight multiple on the organic backlog and you've noted it as such on that same slide. I don't see at this time you had made a comment in your prepared remarks about a consistent Midstream multiple. And I'm just curious if you're hinting that it's changing at all.
Rosy Zuklic: No. And it's funny because we actually in preparing these slides thought that someone would bring it up. And I don't know if you noticed that we actually changed the look of the slides, and it's a much more cleaner look, and the new slide layout does not have ticker boxes. So that's why I made a point of saying it in my script.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay, fair enough. And then the final question for me, and I noticed this when you guys gave the original budget. Just the significant step-up in maintenance budget from last year to this year, is there a particular item that's driving that? Or I guess, what is driving that change, and what's the cadence, I guess, if we look at the future?
Rosy Zuklic: There isn't any one particular item. Just in general, we have an integrity and reliability program that we have throughout the company, whether it's PSX or PSXP. And it just so happens that for 2020, a lot of the pipelines that we've identified. We have a lot of 40-year, 50-year and 60-year vintage pipeline throughout this both PSX and PSXP system that we want to increase just the reliability and integrity of the pipeline systems. The good news is that a lot of the work that we're doing is really more on the identifying things before they happen. And so what you're seeing really in 2020 is we're actually increasing. So the spend that we have is more like 9% of EBITDA. But as, obviously  what we'll see is that going forward, it'll be more like 6% of EBITDA, which is what historically our spend has been. And so 2020 is an anomaly in that. It's a bump up compared to where it's been. But I would say that just simply because we are growing the level of the maintenance expense is probably more in that $130 million where we're finding 2020 to be. But it will end up being more like 6% of EBITDA, which, again, has been more of a historical level.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. So driven there maybe more acutely because of some particular programs. But in general as the business grows, you just think that's probably the new ballpark. Is that a fair
Rosy Zuklic: That's right. The business will obviously get bigger, but the amount as a percentage will be smaller.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay.
Timothy Roberts: You'll find our maintenance, when you look at it across, whether it's the PSX level for Midstream or with the PSXP. We have a number for the year, but it really is not ratable per quarter. And again, based on specific size, complexity of a project in a region. So it really does, like you said, it's not a big number, which is good. But the other side of it is, is it just  it really isn't ratable and it's not predictable year-over-year with regard to always the fourth quarter will be the highest or such and such. It really does move depending on the project and what needs to get done and when based on our priority list.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. I guess, if I could, one more question for me. And it's just regarding the preferred equity position. I don't know whether this is for you or for Kevin. But do you just contemplate that remaining a preferred stake? Or do you contemplate conversion of that at some point or take out of that simply?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, the way things stand right now, the preferred equity holders have the right to convert that to common equity at their election. And so that's really a question for them. I don't know that they haven't signaled anything around an interest to do that upon certain price thresholds being met of the common units and certain point in time, which I think is October of this year. We have the right if those criteria are met. We have the right to force that conversion. But that's something for a point in the future. So in our assumption, we just assume it stays where it is as a preferred equity for the time being.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. All right. I took a lot of time this morning. I appreciate you guys enabling me to do that. So thanks again.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks.
Operator: We do have another question that's come up of Elvira Scotto from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elvira Scotto: Hey, good afternoon. Sorry for keying in late. The questions that I have are absent a like a big project. Is there a certain level of growth CapEx maybe smaller projects that PSXP can kind of find year in and year out, certain kind of sustainable level of growth CapEx longer term that we can think about?
Kevin Mitchell: I'm just thinking through that. I mean, there probably is, I mean, as you know, we've grown the MLP significantly through a combination of dropdown, which is more in the earlier  sort of earlier stages of the PSXPs life cycle. And then in the last two or three years, there's been a lot more organic opportunities, albeit, so projects that originated at the PSX level. And so as we look at it, we still think that that's probably the path to continued growth at the MLP. What we do find with the infrastructure we have in place, we do continue to come upon relatively small investment opportunities that are nice return projects that give a good little boost to growth to EBITDA generation. And so there probably is a level. I don't think we've really defined what that is. Obviously, it would be significantly lower than where we've been lately, where we're sort of $800 million total capital spend number, it'd be something significantly lower than that. But with the size of the portfolio that we have at the MLP and the fact that, that is continuing to grow. It makes sense that there would be sort of continued almost incremental type opportunities to provide additional return and growth.
Elvira Scotto: Thanks for that. And then the last question that I have is, at the PSX level and on the call, they talk about advantage and how that's going to provide about $1.2 billion of enhancements, I think through the end of 2021. Does any of that flow through to the PSXP level or how should we think about advantage as it relates to PSXP?
Kevin Mitchell: I think where that will  would manifest itself at the PSXP level. So to the extent that there is a capital projects being done at the MLP, which of course, there are. That's an element of the benefits that we're seeing in terms of more effective execution of our capital projects. And so you'd expect to see it from that standpoint. There's a significant focus around how we look at our sort of value chain from beginning to end. That's not going to show up the same in the MLP because that's really all around the hydrocarbons. And so the MLP model, which is more of a sort of tolling arrangement type volumes, volumes times a tariff or a fee, you're less like  you're not going to see that same sort of value chain focus. But the other area is that value chain focus identifies investment opportunities that we might not have done previously. And so to the extent those investment opportunities make sense for the MLP, you get some  you'll see some benefit there. And then the other element is in terms of operations and using sort of digital data having the ability to do data analytics and drive better decisions around how we actually operate our assets and the MLP will benefit from that just as much as at the PSX level for those assets, let's say that the MLP. So there are certainly some elements of that will flow and be for the benefit of the MLP.
Elvira Scotto: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. If you have additional questions, please call Brent or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon and welcome to Phillips 66 Partners third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President, Operations; and Rosy Zuklic, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Todays presentation materials can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from what we present today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. We delivered another quarter of record earnings and adjusted EBITDA reflecting reliable operating performance at our wholly owned and joint venture assets. We continue to execute on our organic growth projects with the successful startup of multiple new assets this year, including the Bayou Bridge Pipeline extension, Lake Charles products pipeline and Lake Charles isomerization unit. These assets are running well and performing as planned. Our Board of Directors approved a third quarter distribution of $0.865 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 per common unit from the previous quarter and 9% higher than the third quarter 2018 cash distribution. We have increased the distribution every quarter since the July 2013 IPO. We remain committed to delivering competitive distribution growth while maintaining strong coverage and leverage ratios. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss the financial results, the partnership reported third quarter earnings of $237 million. Adjusted EBITDA during the quarter was a record $323 million, an increase of $4 million from the second quarter. The improvement reflects increased volumes and tariff rates, partially offset by higher planned maintenance expense. Third quarter distributable cash flow was $255 million, an increase of $1 million from the prior quarter. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the third quarter with $655 million of cash and $749 million available under our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, the Partnership issued $900 million of unsecured notes in attractive interest rate environment. A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the remaining $400 million outstanding under a term loan facility, and in October, we paid off $300 million of senior notes due February 2020. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 3.2 times. The leverage ratio was higher due to the timing of the debt issuance in the third quarter and repayment of the senior notes in the fourth quarter. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.29 times. We continue to target a long-term leverage ratio of up to 3.5 times and distribution coverage ratio over 1.2 times. The Partnership advanced its major projects during the quarter funding $136 million of growth capital. This included spend for the C2G Pipeline, the Clemens Caverns and the Sweeny to Pasadena pipeline expansion as well as investment in the South Texas Gateway Terminal. Now, Rosy will provide an update on our growth projects.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Kevin and hello everyone. Slide 6 lists the projects we have ongoing. Ill speak to a few of the projects. The Lake Charles isomerization unit had a successful start-up and reached full production in September. We are excited about this asset. The initial operating performance is meeting design rates and we expect to receive a full quarter of earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. The Gray Oak Pipeline project is nearing completion. We have started line fill and commissioning activities and are on track for initial startup in November, with full service in the first quarter of 2020. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The marine export terminal will have two deepwater docks with storage capacity of over 7 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal, which is expected to startup by mid 2020. The remaining projects listed are on schedule to be completed as planned. We look forward to providing more information at the upcoming Phillips 66 Investor Day. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good afternoon everyone. Maybe starting off with some of the movers around the quarter, two things that got me is first, it seems like Terminal segment, maybe take a bit of a step change up shrugged off some of the lower sequential refinery utilization. So just wondering whats really driving some of that and is that ratable from here? And then second on volumes on some of your JV assets, looking really strong once again. I am just wondering if you could just highlight which pipelines was really driving that and maybe how sustainable that is to?
Rosy Zuklic: Sure. Hi, Spiro, this is Rosy. Absolutely. So if you think about the great benefit that we are seeing in the terminals is really as a result of the projects that we have had coming online as Kevin mentioned, you have got Bayou Bridge, where we have the second phase of the pipeline there starting up and then Lake Charles pipeline where we have got products moving from Lake Charles refinery down to Clifton Ridge terminal. And so really what we are seeing there is we have got additional crude movement and product movement off of the Clifton Ridge terminal. And so you are seeing that kind of uplift in the terminaling volumes there and so just really a fruition of all the different projects coming together. And I do think that, that is something that at least for the next quarter you should definitely see an uptick coming there. On the JV pipeline, its a continuation of what we saw in the second quarter. Explorer had another record quarter. Second quarter was a great quarter. Third quarter was even better, 750,000 barrels per day throughput up from 703,000 last quarter. Bayou Bridge, again if you think about the fact that it started Phase 2 in the second quarter and then in the third quarter, we had a benefit of the full quarter running 299,000 barrels per day and then Bakken pipeline also had another uptick in volumes.
Spiro Dounis: Very helpful. Second question, I dont want to get too ahead of the Investor Day certainly looking forward to that. But maybe if you just help us understand a little bit how to think about Red Oak and Liberty potentially becoming a greater part of the PSX story specifically especially as you sort of transition back towards doing sort of a dropdown type strategy. I think Greg mentioned on the call earlier that PSXP still has the cost of capital advantage. And so just wanted to understand how all that really ties together?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Spiro, this is Kevin. I would just reiterate the comments that Greg had made this morning around the suite of organic growth projects that are taking place really across both you see at the PSX level and also at PSXP and fundamentally as you step back and look at whats being done at PSX you would conclude that it makes sense to get those done into the MLP over time. I think I will leave specifics around those Red Oak Liberty projects. We will leave those for the Investor Day and especially since they are actually PSX projects at this point in time, but fundamentally large backlog of growth opportunities that could feed the MLP for quite some period of time.
Spiro Dounis: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Philip Stuart from Scotia Howard Weil, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Philip Stuart: Good afternoon, guys. Congrats on a solid quarter. I appreciate the update on Gray Oak just wonder if we could kind of talk through kind of the milestones of the ramp of the pipeline. I understand that that you have kind of starting to really fill up in November in reaching kind of full capacity by the end of 1Q, early 2Q, just kind of curious if that ramp is going to be pretty ratable over that time period or if they are going to be, you know, if its going to be kind of more lumpy one way or the other?
Tim Roberts: Well, this is Tim Roberts. And let me probably just touch a little on that and I will pass it off to Rosy a little bit as well after this. On Gray Oak, as you would expect, we are going through our line fill as we have talked about, we are going through commissioning. And with the complexity of the pipeline, its not just pipe, its terminal storage and so forth. We are getting it up in phases as you can imagine. So we are starting to move crude down the pipeline. We are currently with our line. So we are expecting at this point and we have posted a tariff with FERC to have limited service to Central Junction sometime in November. That would be very limited service. And at Central Junction, shippers on our pipe can then contract with other third-party shippers to get the various locations on the Gulf Coast whether thats single side Corpus or up to Houston market. But then, this is all goes on in phases. So we do expect again that we will start that Phase 2 November, but then there will be additional phases as we go through the end of the year and then also to the first quarter. I wouldnt say its certainly a ramp-up, but I wouldnt say its ratable. And like I said the complexity of the project itself especially as we get closer to the market, they will be coming on in bits and pieces into the extent we can commercialize pieces of those, we will get a tariff out there to support that and then subsequently start booking those revenues. And Rosy, you may want to touch on this?
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, I think the way I think about it from a modeling for PSXP specifically is from a fourth quarter perspective, I dont anticipate to see any really benefit from an earnings perspective. From a run-rate EBITDA, I would say its starting maybe in the second quarter. And then as Tim has alluded the first quarter being really the ramp up period, I would say that thats probably half of what the run-rate would be. So you would probably want to phase it in throughout the first quarter.
Philip Stuart: Okay, great. Thats really helpful. And then on South Texas Gateway, can you all maybe talk about kind of the ramp there and getting that project throughput kind of up towards capacity?
Tim Roberts: Yes, this is Tim Roberts again. On that, actually with Buckeye being one of our partners on that project, its moving along pretty well. They did receive their core of engineer permits. They can go and start dredging for the 2 VLCC capable docks that weve got there, but they have already started on land activity with regard to all the tanks and terminals and so forth. So Buckeye is progressing very well on the project. We are looking at this being a mid 2020 as far as startup. As you would imagine, its not just a flip the switch and it all comes on. Much like Gray Oak, you could probably see portions of that terminal will come on a little earlier. And then some a little after that mid 2020 date, but thats currently were targeting.
Philip Stuart: Okay, great. Thats it from me.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Theresa Chen: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. Related to the DCP write-down at the parent for PSXP, so a while ago, there was a lot of discussion around the potential combination of PSXP and DCP and given todays $900 million write-down at the parent, which Kevin you made very clear that it was related to PSX interest only. But given the fact that it was based on observable market data, it would be pretty interesting, if it didnt translate at all to the other 50%. I was just wondering if theres anything to read into this impairment related to the parents long term desired outcome for DCP in relation again to PSXP as and is the combination less attractive now because you dont want to dilute the quality of the assets at the Partnership at PSXP or is it more feasible now the outlook has been mark-to-market more tethered to reality. So perhaps the bid ask can narrow?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Theresa, we really have to pass on this question, its not appropriate for PSXP to be commenting on DCP and the parents ownership on DCP. So Im going to pass on that one.
Theresa Chen: Okay. So related to the fundamentals of the partnership, I mean, weve seen a lot of volatility in the macro data lately and I just wanted to touch on the resiliency of the business if we are indeed hitting a soft patch in the cycle, and completely understand that most of the business is contracted with fee-based revenues with the support from NBCs. But have you done any sort of sensitivity analysis around macro demand supply given the current makeup of the Partnership as it has grown pretty rapidly in scale, size and third-party contracts over the last couple of years or so?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. We do. But I would  sort of take it back to right now something like 90% of the PSXP business. The direct PSXP owned assets about 90% of that revenue stream comes from PSX. So its still very much within the greater PSX level family if you think about it like that. And when you connect a lot of that to the assets that those are being  those are supporting  those volumes are supporting, you think about the PSX refining and marketing infrastructure. Some of the NGL value chain. PSX is in that for the long term, and so we feel very comfortable around that. The joint venture assets that weve been investing in have more third-party, a lot more third-party exposure there, but fundamentally, we go back to long-term contracts, long-term commitments around those assets and so within the context of our planning horizon, which is more than short-term, right. It takes us a reasonable period of time, we feel very comfortable around where that sits.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Joe for Jeremy. I first wanted to ask on 2020 CapEx, I realize that the budgets probably forthcoming but could you talk a little bit about kind of some of the puts and takes we should keep in mind and what we should think of relative to 2019 for that?
Rosy Zuklic: So for 2020, well give more color at the Analyst Day presentation here in a couple of weeks. As far as 2019, no change to what we said last quarter. If I take you back to when we first did the budget, we said that it was going to be about $600 million and with the increase in the Gray Oak project, the latest forecast was between $700 million to $750 million and were still at that forecast.
Kevin Mitchell: And I would just supplement that by, if you think about the slide that Rosy talked to. The isomerization units complete. Gray Oak Pipeline there will be some minor spend carry over into 2020, but thats fundamentally thats done by the end of this year. Youve got the Sweeny to Pasadena Pipeline is into 2020, South Texas Gateway is middle of 2020, Clemens Caverns expansion continues, C2G Pipeline is spend through next year and into 2021. So Ill give you some flavor of what will comprise at least a portion of the capital budget. But you can sort of get it from that list of projects and the expected startup timing, completion timings.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Julie and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. If you have additional questions, please call Brent or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-26 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeffrey Dietert: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Phillips 66 Partners Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President Operations; and Rosy Zuklic, Vice President and Chief Financial -- Operating Officer, excuse me. The presentation materials we will be using during the call can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website, along with supplemental financial and operating information.  Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from what we present today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin Mitchell.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. This morning, we announced an agreement to eliminate our general partners incentive distribution rights. This transaction further reinforces PSXP as a premier MLP with a lower cost of capital and the simplified structure. PSXP is well positioned with a strong balance sheet and robust portfolio of growth opportunities. I will cover the transaction in more detail later in the presentation. Our Board of Directors recently approved a second quarter distribution of $0.855 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 from the previous quarter, and 14% higher than the second quarter 2018 cash distribution. We have increased the distribution every quarter since the July 2013 IPO. We remain committed to delivering a competitive and growing distribution, while maintaining strong coverage and leverage ratios.  Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss financial results. The partnership reported second quarter earnings of $233 million. Adjusted EBITDA during the quarter was a record $319 million, an increase of $38 million from the first quarter. The improvement reflects higher volumes on the Explorer, Bakken and Bayou Bridge joint venture pipelines. In addition, volumes on our wholly owned pipeline and terminals increased due to high utilization at refineries operated by Phillips 66.  Second quarter distributable cash flow was $254 million, an increase of $28 million from the prior quarter, primarily due to higher earnings.  Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the second quarter with $130 million of cash and $749 million available under our revolving credit facility. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 2.8x. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.44x. Long term, we're targeting leverage of up to 3.5x and distribution coverage over 1.2x. The partnership continues to advance its major projects. In the second quarter, organic growth capital was $102 million. This included spend for the Clemens Caverns expansion, a new isomerization unit at the Phillips 66 Lake Charles Refinery and the Clemens to Gregory ethane pipeline. During the quarter, the Gray Oak JV secured $1.3 billion of project financing for the pipeline construction. Starting with a second quarter, capital spend for this project will be largely funded through this secured financing.  Switching topics now to discuss the IDR elimination transaction, which starts on Slide 6. The elimination of IDRs improves our cost of capital and simplifies our structure. The transaction further aligns the LP and Phillips 66 economic interests. Given the partnership's robust growth profile, high distribution coverage and solid financial position we believe the transactions are attractive for both our LP unitholders and our general partner. The lower cost of capital enhances PSXP's ability to grow through organic projects, drop-downs and third party acquisitions. Looking ahead, the partnership maintains strong fundamentals and our commitment to unitholders is unchanged.  Slide 7 provides the details of the IDR transaction. When the transaction closes, PSXP will issue $101 million common units to Phillips 66 in exchange for the elimination of the IDRs and the GP economic interest. Phillips 66 will own approximately 75% of PSXP's outstanding common units. This transaction value is approximately $5.4 billion. This is based on a July 25 closing price and represents a 16.7x multiple of forecasted 2020 GP distributions. The transaction is accretive to DCF on a per unit basis by the fourth quarter of 2020. The transaction is expected to close on August 1, 2019.  I'll now turn it over to Rosy to provide an update on our growth projects.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Kevin, and hello, everyone. Slide 8 lists the projects we have ongoing, I'll only touch on a few updates. We're continuing to construct the Gray Oak Pipeline. We have received all major permits and acquired 100% of right-of-way. Approximately, 80% of the pipe has been installed and all 17 tanks are at cell height. The project remains on track to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. New to the slide this quarter is the C2G Pipeline, this is a 16-inch ethane pipeline that will run from the Clemens Caverns in Sweeney, Texas to Gregory, Texas. The C2G Pipeline will serve petrochemical customers in the Corpus Christi area. The pipeline will have 240,000 barrels per day of capacity and is expected to be completed in mid-2021.  During the quarter, we completed construction of the Lake Charles product pipeline that connects storage at the Phillips 66 Lake Charles Refinery to the Clifton Ridge Marine Terminal. The connection to the terminal will provide the refinery an outlet to competitively place its product in the market. The terminal will have up to 50,000 barrels per day of product export capacity.  This last week, Phillips 66 exported its first high sulfur diesel cargo from this facility. We have a long-term agreement with Phillips 66 that includes minimum volume commitments for the pipeline and marine dock.  And earlier this month, the Lake Charles isomerization unit reached mechanical completion and is expected to ramp up to full production in the third quarter. The project was completed on schedule and below budget. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Elvira Scotto from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elvira Scotto: I bet you're glad this is probably the last quarter you'll get the IDR questions. So just starting with that. Can you walk through the rationale for the structure of the IDR elimination, specifically, given the multiple paid on the GP cash flows, absent on drop-down, we can't get to accretive in 4Q 2020, or really any time, kind of beyond that. So my question is really why not do a drop-down acquisition in conjunction with the IDR elimination?
Kevin Mitchell: Elvira, this is Kevin. Either we -- as we modeled this transaction, we did consider doing a drop-down in conjunction with it. And actually on our mac, we couldn't get to the sort of, big bang combination transaction as really providing any incremental benefit over the simplicity and transparency of doing a straight up IDR conversion the way we have done it. Now what's important to remember is the MLP continues to have a significant growth profile ahead of it in terms of the organic projects that are underway. So there's pretty clear line of sight to EBITDA growth through 2020 and into 2021. And in an addition, you think about what's going on at the PSX level in the Midstream business with the assets that are there today, and the ongoing investment and projects that are taking place at the PSX level, they're still a long runway of potential growth beyond just the organic projects that's a significant growth coming. But later on the -- what's going on at the PSX level, there's a lot of line of sight to potential growth that will come to the PSXP.
Elvira Scotto: So can you just maybe walk us through how you get to accretive for Q 2020? Just what are the different things we need to consider to get to this?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So as you think about what's going to drive some of that is we look at Q 2020, so you've got the underlying growth in the MLP, right? So just in simple EBITDA terms, taking this quarter annualized here, $1.3 billion EBITDA rate, we've got new projects coming on this quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter and then more in 2020 and right through into 2021 with just newly announced C2G Pipeline. So you've got significant growth at the -- in aggregate at the MLP level and then you think about the different drivers as you look at that calculation in terms of distribution growth, issuance of units, which can come in many form, so drop-down assumptions can drive unit issuance, ATM, the potential for equity market issuance, not that we really had any plans to go do anything like that, but all of those will drive the -- will impact the calculation as you walk through that.
Elvira Scotto: Okay. And then just the last one from me is, now that you've eliminated the IDRs here at PSXP, just what's the strategic views on developing Midstream projects at the PSX level versus the PSXP level? Like, Red Oak and Liberty for instance?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So I think that our views on that have not changed. As you step back and think about we've -- at the MLP, we've sort of consistently been doing really as much as we can reasonably absorb at the MLP from an organic capital standpoint, while keeping the balance sheet in a comfortable place, the way we like it, and not being dependent on having to go to equity markets that really aren't available, not over levering the balance sheet. And there's no reason to assume that, that will change. So while it's a decision of the sponsor where the projects like, if and when projects like Red Oak Liberty come into the MLP, the sort of decision criteria around that will be just the same as they were previously.
Elvira Scotto: Okay. Sorry, just one last from me and then I'll hop off. But -- now that post IDR elimination, PSX is going to own 75% of PSXP units outstanding, if you were to do a drop-down, and if the MLP equity markets just aren't amenable, I mean would you issue even more units to PSX and theoretically, push that ownership up even higher?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I mean in theory, you could. It's -- the nice thing is there's still plenty of debt capacity available at the MLP. Typically, in a drop-down transaction there's always going to be a minimum number of units that are issued back to PSX, but because you're impacting any issuance is impacting the numerator and the denominator when you're at 75%, you actually have to do a lot to really move that percentage by much, right? So it's not something we're concerned with at this point.
Operator: Spiro Dounis from Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Sticking with the IDRs here and with them basically behind you at this point. Just curious where you stand on the potential to check the box at some point and go 1099 potentially, open up the investor pool here, especially, if you're going into a stronger position here, we can maybe grow a little bit faster and get more enhanced returns, so if that's something that's of interest to you now?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Spiro, it's Kevin again. It's something we would consider, but for the time being, as we've looked to it, to date, hasn't been a compelling reason for us to go down that path. The nice thing is, for as long as we, as having not done it, it's an option that's out there for us. So it's something we can consider, but hasn't been a priority so far.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. That's fair. And then just thinking about financing some of this growth going forward and maybe forgetting about equity issuances and things like that. Obviously, there's public, private arb is, is still pretty wide here and you guys have a pretty interesting projects sleeve, most of which you still wholly own. So just curious if there's any appetite or interest you're seeing to maybe joint venture some of these projects that you got there like C2G?
Kevin Mitchell: You could, but it really depends on what your joint venture partner -- what the joint venture partner would bring to the table on a project like that. So what we don't want to do is just give up economic value and just for the sake of selling down our ownership interest, there needs to be more to it than that, so you've got to think there's an overall win for PSXP in a transaction like that.
Spiro Dounis: Okay. Fair enough. Last one is a cleanup one. I know you're not providing any sort of specific distribution guidance here, but just following the IDR removal, any reason to expect, may be a change in the quarterly increase pace or slow down or speed up for the remainder of 2019?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, you're right. We're not giving distribution guidance other than expect to remain competitive top quartile level, but the one comment I would make is with IDRs out of the way, once you get to sort of mid-to late 2020, the PSXP has the ability to increase the distribution at a faster pace than it could, with IDRs in place. And so once you get past a year or so, you have the potential to do that. Now whether we choose to do that or not is another matter and there'll be a lot of factors that go into that, but we're very well positioned for continued distribution growth.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Jenkins: I guess just a couple of quick operational ones from me. Thinking through here with the Lake Charles isom being in completion here in July. Any ramp in terms of the contract of nature of the cash flow there? Is that all pretty much coming in day 1 for PSXP?
Rosy Zuklic: Justin, this is Rosy. I will say that from a modeling perspective, you probably don't see anything until the fourth quarter -- or excuse me, the third quarter for isom.
Justin Jenkins: Perfect. And then thinking through, I guess similar line of questions for Bayou Bridge...
Rosy Zuklic: Oh, I'm sorry, I said -- I was right the first time, it is the fourth quarter, I was thinking about the Lake Charles pipeline, yes -- sorry.
Justin Jenkins: Got it. And same type of question here, I guess on Bayou Bridge, is thinking through probably only a month or two of earnings flowing through in, in 2Q, should we think of same type of ramp profile for Bayou Bridge expansion?
Rosy Zuklic: Right. The Phase 2 Bayou Bridge, we only saw two months in the second quarter, that's right so you would see an improvement in the third quarter.
Operator: Barrett Blaschke from MUFG Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Barrett Blaschke: Is there a comfort level that PSX has in terms of the percentage of the LP, calm in it and willing to hold at this point? I mean 75% is relatively high. Any plans there?
Kevin Mitchell: Barrett, it's Kevin. That question, it really is a PSX question and it came up this morning on the PSX call. And the answer is really that's we're not -- our decision making is not driven around a targeted ownership percentage, it's really about as PSX whether executes on its growth strategy in Midstream and the PSXP is an integral part of that. And there'll be various factors, we'll determine where that unit percentage ownership sits. But there's no target level specifically, around that.
Barrett Blaschke: Okay. And then just one other thing is I'm looking at the multiple on the elimination, it was 15.8x, $5.2 billion value, so that gets me to about $330 million as in assumed cash flow to GP in 2020. Would that imply that you would have a faster rate of distribution growth in that year based on those numbers, pre transaction?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, what I do is, yes, take you back to those comments I made a little earlier that there are several factors that we'll determine in the IDR structure that will it determine what the IDR distribution would be. And so the distribution growth is one of them and that's a very important one and a significant one, but you also think about other things that can be happening around the LP units. So ATM program, any drop-down would take back units or any other form of a unit issuance will also impact that. And the other one is the preferreds that are outstanding, a conversion of the preferreds would impact that as well. So several moving parts that will get you to that final member.
Operator: Christine Cho from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christine Chondrodysplasia: If we're to look at PSXP, if we were to assume the IDRs weren't restructured and then we look at this new PSXP. Are you assuming this new PSXP could do more projects and spend more money than if you weren't to have done this transaction? Now that your cost of capital is lower?
Kevin Mitchell: I think that's a reasonable assumption, Christine. One of the key advantages of having the IDRs out of the picture is that your cost of equity no longer has that drag from an LP holder standpoint, no longer has that drag, so that does make the MLP better positioned to execute on projects.
Christine Chondrodysplasia: Okay. And then if we're to look at the assumptions for this, the timing of this accretion mass as well. It sounds like if the -- like growth assumptions are different then the equity assumptions should also -- could theoretically, also be different in the two scenarios?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. In theory, yes.
Operator: Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to go to the results here -- were better than we expected on the JV one equity earnings line came in pretty strong. I'm wondering if you could talk to some of the drivers there as well as kind of, if this is a good run rate? Or if there's more capacity that could be squeezed out? Or how should we think about this particularly I guess, given that we knew Bayou Bridge was going to be coming online?
Rosy Zuklic: Sure, Jeremy, this is Rosy. So we had three JVs that really contributed to the earnings this quarter, probably the strongest contributor actually came from Explorer. So seasonally, the second quarter and the third quarter tend to be stronger quarters for Explorer, as you think about products moving up to the Midwest during the second quarter specifically, there was more pull from -- on Explorer as more products got pulled up due to some refinery outages in the area. Bayou Bridge was actually, probably the second most just simply from the fact that you saw Phase 2 coming online and then I'm thinking about it just kind of relative compared to the first quarter, Bayou Bridge had Phase 2 come online. And so that was the improvement there. The Bakken pipeline was -- had stronger performance relative to the first quarter, but not anything that was astronomical changes, 559,000 barrels per day compared to 543,000 barrels per day, I think, it was in the first quarter. So all three of those pipelines ran really well. I think from a ratability perspective, again, Explorer second quarter, third quarter stronger quarters for that pipeline. Bayou Bridge, you could see that improving in the third quarter because Phase 2 being full production and then Bakken just continues to operate well. Its capacity now at 570,000 barrels per day, probably running somewhere in the 540 to 550 issues is my assumption but really Energy Transfer would probably will be the best one to answer that one.
Jeremy Tonet: That's helpful. And just thinking about how you guys sit with the balance sheet now in all the projects that you have on hand, you have good organic slid there, you were chaining a good amount of DCF, just wondering, thoughts on the need for equity or ATM at this point? And does that factor into the IDR elimination process?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Jeremy, you're right. Balance sheet's in great shape. We have debt capacity. And I think, as you look forward with IDR's behind us, would we issue under the ATM, would we issue equity? We may -- if the markets are there, what we're -- the nice thing is we're now in a position where we have to issue and take a hefty discount on any issuance. And so it just gives more flexibility to the MLP's funding structure going forwards.
Jeremy Tonet: Got you. Just a quick housekeeping one. Gray Oak, could you see that landfill had started there? Or not yet because it's not all or when do you expect to start if it's 80% percent complete at this point?
Rosy Zuklic: No, it has not started. We just have about $700 million -- 700 miles of the pipeline is actually installed at this point. No, lines wouldn't start sometime probably in the first quarter. So with the line -- or the fourth quarter excuse me, the fourth quarter with the line being completed at that point.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. And just one last one, if I could. Clearly, there's been a lot of investor requests to have IDRs eliminated, kind of a big part of the MLP evolution here. I'm just wondering if you thought about other steps, I guess, that investors have talked about with regards to how was compensated moving from PSX to PSXP compensation? Or any other thoughts there, I guess as far as MLP 2.0 evolution here?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Jeremy, the -- with PSXP, we acknowledge that we are a sponsored vehicle, and so some of those other governance matters that you've seen some changes on MLPs, that's going to be more challenging and probably less likely to see in a sponsored structure like we are. So you still have that. That overall sort of, sponsored nature of PSXP is not going to change.
Operator: Ryan Levine from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Levine: Can you comment on your appetite for strategic third-party acquisitions in light of the IDR restructuring and pro forma financial outlook?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So as we've talked about, we have a lot of growth ahead of us, both organic at the MLP and there's a lot of activity going on at the PSX level, as well. And so there's no need for us to go down a sort of third party M&A action. However, with IDRs behind us, we do have more flexibility and if the right opportunities were to come along, it's certainly something we could consider. But as always, the third-party opportunities have to compete with the organic as well, and so we look at them from the standpoint of the overall sort of, competitive nature of those opportunities, where they are from return standpoint. How that fits into the overall portfolio, obviously the strategic fit because what we've been building out today has been very strategic in alignment, both within the PSXP portfolio and when you look across the greater PSX portfolio. So it has to be the right sort of industrial logic as well around that. So I think, the reality is that it probably gives us a bit more flexibility to consider third-party acquisitions than we had before, but it's not something we're compared to do.
Ryan Levine: Are there any specific characterizations that fit the description around strategically rational over the next few years that it's a priority for the portfolio?
Kevin Mitchell: You know really, not that we've worked through at this point.
Operator: Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Kevin, I want to circle back to the earlier questions about the accretion characterization, and I don't mean to belittle the point, but it's helpful to understand your baseline thought process, particularly because we've seen so many of these transactions and every one of them claims accretion, but often there's different assumptions being used in there. So you had mentioned a number of different items that drive IDR cash flow. The coverage, the growth rate, the unit issuance, price conversion. If I think about what you guided us on the last quarter call with regard to 1.2x coverage, leveraged under 3.5x, certainly your target that you're running well south of that. It was no immediate plan for drop-down. We've seen the one quarter -- a one penny per quarter distribution growth and then slide 7, I see, you still haven't assumed that equity conversion. So if I use all that, I guess I share and my colleagues struggle to get the accretion. I'm just wondering if there is any one of those assumptions that was meaningfully different than we understood that it could help address or get us to the same place.
Kevin Mitchell: No, not really I mean all of those items will drive the IDR cash flows next year in that structure. Bear in mind that when we've given guidance on both coverage and leverage, we're giving sort of minimums, we're not giving guidance to a number. So coverage is -- of 1.2x is our, we would expect to be north of that. So I wouldn't necessarily hardwire that into your calculations. We have continued to issue -- we've been in the ATM market, when we've blackout periods each quarter for a few weeks, but we have been in the ATM markets. And then we have our own assumptions around what we're going to do on drop-downs, for example, we've never given guidance on any of those kind of transactions. So I think, part of what you're probably struggling with is we just have -- we've never given a lot of specific guidance at all, other than the previous guidance around distribution growth and EBITDA target by the end of 2017. And so I think we're -- those moving parts are in there, they're in our calculation, but you don't have clear line of sight to what our assumptions are. But those are all the factors that will drive it.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. And may be if I could just follow-up on one thing. We saw, for example, and when Marathon eradicated their IDRs, they were guiding at 1.3x coverage ratio, but when they went and calculated for the purposes of IDR eradication, they went to 1.0x full payout. Did you guys do something similar in this approach?
Kevin Mitchell: No. No. Definitely not.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Dietert: Thank you, Julie. I would give you a reminder, again, of the November 6 Analyst and Investor Day, and hope to see you there. In the meantime, Brent and I will be available for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2019 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon. And welcome to the Phillips 66 Partners first quarter earnings call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President, Operations; and Rosy Zuklic, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The presentation materials we will be using during the call can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from what we present today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. In the first quarter, we operated well and delivered solid financial results during a period that was impacted by significant refinery turnarounds. We also advanced our major growth projects, including construction of the Gray Oak pipeline. During the quarter, Sand Hills pipeline achieved record volumes of 494,000 barrels per day following its fourth quarter expansion and the second phase of the Bayou Bridge pipeline was completed. Our Board of Directors recently approved a first quarter distribution of $0.845 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 from the previous quarter and 18% higher than the first quarter 2018 cash distribution. We have increased the distribution every quarter since the IPO in July 2013. Looking forward, we remain committed to delivering a competitive and growing distribution, while maintaining strong coverage and leverage ratios. Our portfolio of organic projects and financial strength position us well for future growth. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss the financial results. Partnership reported first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $281 million compared with $309 million in the prior quarter. The decrease reflects lower volumes from our wholly-owned assets due to the impact of turnarounds at refineries operated by Philip 66. Earnings from our equity affiliate declined as a result of lower volumes on the Bakken from Explorer pipelines, partially offset by higher Sand Hills pipeline volumes. First quarter distributable cash flow was $226 million, a decrease of $12 million from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower earnings from our wholly-owned assets, partially offset by lower maintenance. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the first quarter with $2 million of cash and $15 million of outstanding borrowings under our $750 million revolving credit facility. Our debt to EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 2.8 times. Our distribution coverage ratio is 1.3 times. Long-term, we are targeting leverage of 3.5 times and distribution coverage of over 1.2 times. The partnership continues to advance its major projects. In the first quarter, our growth capital spend was $195 million, including investments in the greater pipeline projects, as well as the new isomerization unit of the Philip 66 Lake Charles refinery and the Clemens Caverns expansion. The Partnerships strong financial position enables us to fund our capital program with operating cash flow and debt capacity. I will now turn it over to Rosie to provide an update on our growth projects.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks Kevin and hello everyone. Slide 6 lists the projects we have ongoing that will drive EBITDA growth for the next two years. During the quarter, we advanced our growth projects. I will just take a moment to comment on the couple of the larger projects. We made progress in the Gray Oak pipeline. There is 900,000 barrels per day pipeline or transport crude oil from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destination. Construction continues on the 850 miles of pipeline and the 17 facilities. We have purchased all the pipes, most of which has been delivered. 98% of the right of way has been acquired and all 17 foundations have enforced. We're experiencing cost pressures from higher steel costs, labor rates and right of way. The total cost of the project is now expected to be approximately $2.7 billion. We have all Army Corps of Engineer permit and the pipeline remains on track to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in Corpus Christi, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal, in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The Marine terminal will have two deep water docks with initial storage capacity of about 7 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The project has expanded since sanctioned and is supported by additional customer commitments. The facility is expected to start up by mid 2020. The remaining listed are all on schedule to complete on time. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse, please go ahead your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Maybe just starting up on Gray Oak, if you could, just looking at the cost increase. I guess, is there any impact or any flow through on the tariffs you're going to be charging or this leading into some of the project returns at this point?
Rosy Zuklic: It's going to be eating into the project returns. But what I would say is -- what we have on the slide there was the projects being six to eight times multiple thats true for all the projects. As we think about this project when it was originally sanctioned, it was sectioned at 385,000 barrels per day, obviously, the pipeline now at 900,000 barrels per day commitments of 800,000 barrels per day. Obviously, it was at first lending towards the lower end of the multiple with the increase is not going to be lending towards the higher end of the multiple, but still a great project. We still are very excited about it and still expect to have great returns. And obviously, once the pipeline is up and running, we will I'm sure find other opportunities around it.
Spiro Dounis: And that answered my second question, which is on an expansion that would presumably at very accretive multiples over time, there's room for you to work that multiple down again.
Rosy Zuklic: Thats right. 
Kevin Mitchell: Just to add a little further on that. The returns that we show, those build multiples are for the project on a standalone basis. As we've talked about, we're going into project financing on this project also, which will further enhance the returns on a levered basis. So still is very attractive to us.
Spiro Dounis: Second question just with respect of to some of the midstream assets still up at PSX. Thinking specifically about Sweeny frac expansion and the LPG export terminal. Is there a logical pathway for that thats making a way to PSXP? And I fully understand that you guys have shifted away from dropdowns. But seems like there were some interest comments on the PSX call around LPG export rates being around $0.10 right now, and I think that could maybe spark some long-term contracting, which makes this asset maybe little more attractive from an MLP and midstream standpoint?
Kevin Mitchell: So looking at that from a PSX standpoint. Clearly, the LPG export terminal and the fracs once complete, so fracs two and three, those assets would lend themselves to the MLP model, the MLP structure. So while as you rightly point out we've transitioned away from dropdown and a lot more organic focus, that still doesnt preclude us from entering into dropdown transactions to get those assets down at the MLP. And I know no plans to do that anytime soon, but the potential is certainly out there.
Operator: Elvira Scotto from RBC Capital Markets, please go ahead your line is now open.
Elvira Scotto: So just going back to the Gray Oak cost overrun. So it that going to be financed that incremental, will that just be financed off the revolver, or is that part of project financing? Or how do we think about that financing?
Rosy Zuklic: Maybe let me talk about capital in total and maybe we can hit it this way. So if I think about back in October, the PSXP board approved the $1.2 billion capital program. And so that is now -- because of the Gray Oak financing, the Gray overage largely its trending more to be about 10% higher, so somewhere in the $1.3 billion to $1.32 billion. The $1.2 billion, the original budget was post project financing was around $600 million. Now, it's looking to be between $700 million and $750 million. So that gives you an idea of how that's looking of the four project financing and after project financing and how the Gray Oak overage is impacting both numbers.
A - Kevin Mitchell: So to the extent that the net of financing capital budget for PSXP is increasing, just what Rosy has just described then in effect that becomes -- that will be funded by essentially debt at the PSXP levels, all other things being equal.
Elvira Scotto: And is there any change in outlook to your maintenance CapEx spend?
Rosy Zuklic: No, not at this point. No, still around $80 million, $78 million, I believe is the number here.
Elvira Scotto: And then just on the Grey Oak pipeline. Can you just help us understand, so of the commitments, which you've got contracted on there. I mean are you -- those contracts all come online day-one, and then as a follow up to that. How do you expect the actual volumes to ramp on Grey Oak?
Rosy Zuklic: So from a volumes perspective, the way we're thinking about is the fourth is when the pipeline is going to be available. And so the thought is as any major pipelines, it's going to take some time for, and also is when shippers are available effectively when the production available for them to bring in, it's going to take a little bit of time. And so I think thats our involvement with obviously with the Bakken pipeline. It took a couple of months for that pipeline to fully be -- to fully come to full -- having the pipeline full. So it will take at least a couple of months. So sometime in the first quarter is where we're really thinking that the pipeline will have the full capacity.
Elvira Scotto: And then just in terms of -- because I know the pipeline can go to Corpus Christi and then also into Sweeny. How much capacity can actually move into Sweeny?
Rosy Zuklic: We havent really given the split out. Tim, do you want to comment on that? 
Tim Roberts: I think what we can tell you on that line is we havent disclosed that, not for any another reason with the exception that it is a new build pipeline. But we do expect that to meet commitments for PSX, PSX is undertaking some commitment on the pipeline. We're not the anchor shipper. But obviously this helps to optimize our Sweeny asset having those barrels available.
Kevin Mitchell: It is a less -- the line of size lower than what it would be going if we're going straight there.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James, please go ahead your line is now open.
Justin Jenkins: I guess, I want to start on Bayou Bridge and maybe see if you could offer any comments in terms of how that ramps gone here for the first month of operations? And then second question is does that give you maybe a bigger leg up with the ACE pipeline development process and how that may unfold?
Rosy Zuklic: So everything is going well with Bayou Bridge. As expected, the TSA started April 1, so we expect to see earnings starting a month later and then just cash distribution a month after that. So everything is expected. From an ACE perspective, you've hit on the head. I mean, it would be nice to have it all as you think about the way everything is playing out. You've got the Bakken pipeline going down to Beaumont, and then Bayou and then take crude all the way to St. James. And then ACE completed all the way to the Alliance, or the PSX Alliance refinery. And so that would be a nice tie into to not only Lake Charles but the Alliance refinery, so its parts of the plan.
Justin Jenkins: And I guess second question maybe on the operating, anything -- increase pretty big quarter-over-quarter, looks like a similar offset on the revenue line. But any color on maybe the choppiness there, Kevin, in terms of how the sequential costs play there
Rosy Zuklic: Actually, what's happened there, Justin, if you allow me, the MSOP turnaround is what you're seeing there. There is about $50 million to $55 million associated with the MSOP turnaround. And so what you're seeing in the expense line is the expense for the turnaround and the revenue is the reimbursement. So when we drop that asset in, there was a pre-arrangement for PSX to reimbursement PSXP for turnaround expenses. And so the same phenomenon has actually happened in fact in the first quarter of 2018, it's just that the number was much more less, it was about $20 million. But thats really what you're seeing there.
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays, please go ahead your line is now open.
Theresa Chen: First, in terms of the potential expansion of the Bakken JV pipeline above the 570 current capacity. Can you remind us what is the potential hydraulic capacity of this system if you do add additional pumping and storage capabilities, but still taking into account the 24-inch segments [ed] cup?
Rosy Zuklic: So the pipeline today is at 570,000 barrels per day. As far as getting above the 570, I think from what I have seen, the pipeline has the ability to go up to 800,000 barrels. But thats not necessarily what we're expanding to with this further expansion. We're currently -- the partners are looking into what further expansion to do, but we're not talking about actually doing any looping. We're really just talking about it in pumping and storage.
Theresa Chen: And that 800, 000 barrels per day, would that include lubing or would that still be within the 24 inch?
Rosy Zuklic: No, I believe that would just be adding just pumping, I dont believe that would be any looping.
Theresa Chen: And then I wanted to touch on the recent open season to expand Bayou Bridge with various origins, including Bakken, PRB, Cushing, Permian and such. What are you seeing in terms of interest from shippers so far? And given these origins points, Im guessing this implies potential connectivity with your other projects into development, be it Liberty and Red Oak at the parent or the Gray Oak lube at PSXP. Can you provide an update on how these projects are progressing?
Tim Roberts: From a PSX view, because of the projects working on as far as the open seasons with Red Oak and Liberty, I'll weigh in on that. From Bayou Bridge where it's located at and the connectivity it's got from Beaumont and you've got the Bakken coming in and there are other pipelines are going to be coming into that particular area to get barrels either to the Beaumont, Nederland area or get barrels to St. James, get barrels down to lube, or get barrels potentially to the refining system in southeast Louisiana. So we see some of these pipelines are going to be coming in and we're a logical alternative to getting down the Huston or other destinations. So we're just at this point working with our partners as far as a joint-tariff opportunities through binding an open season to see what the interest level is. It's no more than that. We think we're creating more optionality into the Louisiana side and we'll see what the interest is from people getting barrels in different basins down to that region.
Theresa Chen: And on the revenue reimbursement related to maintenance from the dropdowns. Is that like a forever type of thing, or do you pour like a certain amount of years and then it stops?
Rosy Zuklic: So we have a contractual agreement with MSPL for 15 years. And so we have -- we'll obviously have to renegotiate this once the contract is done. But this was just something that we did at the time of the drop
Tim Roberts: Specific to that asset
Rosy Zuklic: Correct
Theresa Chen: What about the other assets?
Rosy Zuklic: No, we do not.
Operator: Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan, please go ahead your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to -- hope that you could clarify little bit for me, when you talk about the Liberty Pipeline in the DAPL expansion. Do these projects kind of overlap in any sense? Or could you clarify, I guess, what the objectives are with the two extensions?
TimRoberts: I think they're really serving two different purposes. This is Tim Roberts again, by the way. From the PSX view and I'll talk specifically to Liberty. Liberty really is trying to access some different basins on the west side of the Bakken coupled with Powder River, DJ Wattenberg. So Liberty's really hitting a different part that Bakken doesn't really fully serve currently. So that's really the difference between the two pipelines. We still think there's room for continued expansion on the eastern side of the Bakken and then obviously on the western side as we head out towards, again, Powder River and those other basins.
Jeremy Tonet: And just want to go to Gray Oak real quick. Just a clarifying question, with regards to the economics thing closer than an 8 times still multiple at this point. Our understanding is that PSXP received a promote in the whole formation of the partners coming in. And so when you state that level of economics is that before or after considering the promote payment?
Rosy Zuklic: It's after.
Operator: Dennis Coleman from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please go ahead your line is open.
Dennis Coleman: I guess just one last question on Gray Oak. Any guidance you can -- how much has been spent? Where do you stand percentage wise with the project? I guess really what I'm trying to get at is what the spend level is from here?
Rosy Zuklic: So maybe I'll try to tackle this question holistically. So the project is about 60% done, and this is all inclusive engineering and construction, obviously, in and of itself is going to be at a different stage than engineering. But as I think about the projects being 50% done from expense perspective, it's largely there maybe a little bit more weighted towards the back half with some of it falling in 2020. So the vast majority is going to be remaining in 2019. Obviously, because you're going to have a little bit of spending in 2020, maybe you're going to see that in the first quarter of 2020.
Operator: Barrett Blaschke from MUFG Securities, please go ahead your line is open.
Barrett Blaschke: Most of my have been addressed but I did want to ask. Rosy, you said before what the three drivers were for cost increases on Gray Oak. Can you give us a little breakdown? Is it mostly coming from materials costs, labor or right of way, just if you could quantify it a bit?
Rosy Zuklic: No, I can't. But additionally one of the things that I'd also want to touch on and Greg spoke to it in the PSX calls is that we also have facilities. One of the things that Gray Oak offers that some of the other pipelines don't offer is optionality and that optionality has been built into our facilities. And so the facilities also are adding -- have added also some costs. But I'm not going to be able to give you a split between those things.
Operator: Michael Blum from Wells Fargo, please go ahead your line is open.
Michael Blum: Just a couple more on the Bakken pipeline, so just to clarify. Do you intend to get to the 800,000 of capacity by late 2020? That was the first part. And then the second part is, what capital would be involved with that? And then I guess the third part of that is. Is this an FID project, because I know it's not listed on the slide? Thanks.
A - Rosy Zuklic: I guess Im sure I understand by late 2020, you mean by
TimRoberts: I think energy transfer is really the right person to ask that as the operator of the pipeline.
Michael Blum: Im just referencing in your press release where it says the partner are progressing plans to further increase the capacity by late 2020, thats what Im referencing.
Rosy Zuklic: No, the partners are talking about obviously increasing the capacity of the pipeline. And so at this point, we're talking though the details of exactly what we're going to do. So we dont have much more to give you at this time. And as far as that timing, we're going to work through the permitting and all that stuff. Hopefully, we do it before 2020 but dont really have more color to give you.
Operator: Ryan Levine from Citi, please go ahead your line is open.
Ryan Levine: I just wanted to clarify one point on Bayou Bridge. Given the open season thats outstanding. Is there any potential for the existing contracts to be altered in connection with that open season, or would everything be additive?
Rosy Zuklic: It would be additive. The contracts that we have in place are long-term contracts, five to 10 years. And so we're really looking for additive.
Operator: Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies, please go ahead your line is open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Kevin, if I could just start I want to follow with on Spiro's dropdown question, but asking in the context of Greg's comments from the PSX, called out the potential to eliminate PSXP IDRs. He had noted desire to have such a transaction be accretive to the LP unit holder. And Im just curious if that means slightly to entail a combination of dropdown and IDR elimination at one time. And then also how we might think about accretion relative to -- you've noted it competitive and growing distribution but one where a numerical growth rate hasnt been provided. Any help with that would be really helpful?
Kevin Mitchell: So certainly doing a dropdown transaction and doing an IDR elimination at the same time is a -- thats a formally you have seen out there, thats been done by several others. And we would certainly give back considerations. But I would say at this point while we -- and so Greg laid out our thinking around IDRs in terms of acknowledgment that this is something we need to get to and we will get to and we want to make sure we do this in a way that works for both the MLP and for the general partner. We don't have any specific guidance to give on either when it's going to happen exactly other than sooner than we would have originally anticipated, or exactly what that structure is going to look like. So you've highlighted that due to the dropdown along with that is something that we could consider and would consider, but thats not say that we dont have any firm plans to do that as such. And then from a distribution standpoint, we have steered away from giving specific growth guidance. You see the portfolio of organic projects that we have and the approximate timing of when those projects complete, and the estimates of EBITDA generation that will come from that. And so you can see that we have a portfolio that will allow us to continue to grow the distribution. But we're not going to get into -- get caught up in a specified target or objective around exactly what that growth needs to be. We want it to be competitive. But we also are mindful of the need to manage the big picture in terms of the balance sheets, leverage metrics, coverage metrics, the ability to continue to fund growth, given that this is predominantly pretty much mostly a self-funding model now. And so we just try to balance all of those factors.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay, that is very helpful. I appreciate that color. I did have two follow-ups I think probably for Rosy. It was helpful the reminder on the MSLP reimbursement as it pertains to the income statement. I also noticed that as it pertains to the maintenance capital, you had a footnote there. Looks like there's a modest differential between maintenance capital and then what's recorded in the DCF. And it seems like that's attributable to the same thing. I just wanted to make sure I understood that correctly?
A - Rosy Zuklic: I believe so, yes.
Chris Sighinolfi: It looked like previously you had 15 versus 9, and I just didn't know if that was related to the same 15 year agreement on turnarounds, which we saw last year as well.
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, I believe that is the case. I will look into it, because I don't know that I've confirmed that for you. But I believe that is the case.
Chris Sighinolfi: And then the final question for you on this, Rosy, obviously, predominantly the capital programs being debt financed. I did see a little bit noted in the PSX release in terms of what PSXP had raised, I think it was $32 million in the period. I was just curious if there was any formal expectation for an equity component to merry alongside the debt being raised?
A - Kevin Mitchell: Certainly, not from the standpoint of doing an actual equity offering. We have the ATM program in place and we utilize that, which provides a little bit of funding but that's really minor in the context of the overall capital program.
Chris Sighinolfi: So we shouldn't expect what we saw in the first quarter to be a run rate or anything of that nature?
Kevin Mitchell: So first quarter was $32 million or so, which is still ATM. So I mean it's not unreasonable to assume they'll be something like that that will continue. But you're not going to see as a several hundred million dollar equity offering
Operator: Theresa Chen from Barclays, please go ahead your line is open.
Theresa Chen: I just had a quick follow-up related to one of Elvira's questions on the Gray Oak ramp. So Rosy, completely understand that it's going to take a couple of months to get to full capacity, so sometime within Q1 of 2020. But for the commitments, will they also ramp around the same time frame when we get to 800 by Q1 2020 as well? Or will the actual commitments in volumes? Is it expected to ramp at a slower pace versus capacity?
Rosy Zuklic: No, it'd be consistent with capacity.
Operator: We have no further questions, at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66 this afternoon and Phillips 66 Partners. If you have any questions, please call Brent or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-08 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Phillips 66 Partners Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon. And welcome to the Phillips 66 Partners fourth quarter earnings call. Participants on today's call will include Kevin Mitchell, Vice President and CFO; Tim Roberts, Vice President, Operations; and Rosy Zuklic, Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The presentation materials we will be using during the call can be found on the Events section of the Phillips 66 Partners website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor Statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and the Q&A. Actual results may differ materially from what we present today. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. I will start on Slide 3 which shows our distribution history. Our Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter distribution of $83.5 per common unit, a 5.4% increase from the previous quarter. We reached the significant milestone with Partners achieving its 5 year 30% compound annual distribution growth target. We have delivered 21 consecutive quarters of increases since our IPO demonstrating industry leading distribution growth. Moving on to Slide 4. 2018 was a successful year for the partnership. We operated safely and reliably and achieved record financial results. The partnerships are strong volumes across its diversified portfolio of wholly owned assets and equity affiliates. The partnership reported 2018 earnings of $796 million, a 73% increase from the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.1 billion, up 51% from the prior year. We accomplished our $1.1 billion run rate adjusted EBITDA target ahead of schedule in the second quarter and ended 2018 at $1.2 billion run rate. As you can see from the chart on this slide, we have grown Phillips 66 Partners at a rapid pace. We have scaled financial strength and the opportunities ahead of us. We are well positioned to find an organic capital program to deliver continued growth. During the year, we sanctioned our largest project to-date, the Gray Oak pipeline and this quarter completed the expansion of the Sand Hills pipeline. On to Slide 5, the fourth adjusted EBITDA of $309 million is an increase of $4 million from the previous quarter. The improvement reflects strong performance from our equity affiliates driven by higher Bakken pipeline volumes that average more than 500,000 barrels per day. Our wholly owned assets benefited from increased volumes associated with higher utilization at Phillips 66 refineries. Fourth quarter distributable cash flow was $238 million, an increase of $20 million in the prior quarter primarily due to increased JV distributions and lower maintenance capital. Slide 6 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the fourth quarter with $1 million of cash and $125 million of outstanding borrowings under our $750 million revolving credit facility. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 2.8x. Long term, we expect leverage to be around 3.5x. Our distribution coverage ratio is 1.39x. The 2019 adjusted capital budget of $1.2 billion is predominantly for our growth projects which will be covered on the next slide. JV level financing for the Gray Oak pipeline will reduce capital spending to approximately $600 million. The partnerships strong financial position enables funding of the 2019 capital program with operating cash flow and debt capacity. I'll now turn it over to Rosy to provide an update on our growth projects.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks Kevin and hello everyone. Slide 7, lists the projects we have underway that will drive EBITDA growth for the next two years. Our disciplined approach to capital investment combined with our scale and financial strength have not only enabled us to find a larger capital program but one that will provide strong returns. During the quarter we made good progress on our growth projects. The Gray Oak pipeline will provide 900,000 barrels per day of crude oil transportation from the Permian and Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destination. We have received 360 miles of pipes, trenched 75 miles and have started construction on all 17 tanks. We remain on track for the pipeline completion in the fourth quarter this year. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in Corpus Christi including the New South Texas Gateway Terminal that is being developed by Buckeye Partners. The terminal will have two deep water docks and planned storage capacity of 6.5 million to 7 million barrels up from the original project scope of 3.4 million barrels. We have a 25% ownership in the terminal which is expected to be in operation by mid-2020. As announced this morning PSXP is expanding its Sweeny capacity - net pipeline capacity by 80,000 barrels per day and net capacity in the Terminal we are adding 300,000 barrels of products storage along with connections to third party terminal. The project enables the partnership to offer customers additional storage services at the Pasadena terminal while improving product placement optionality. The expansion is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2020. Commercial operations for the Bayou Bridge Pipeline extension from Lake Charles to St. James, Louisiana are now expected to begin in March. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 40% interest in the pipeline joint venture. The remaining projects are on track to complete on schedule. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Spiro Dounis from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: I want to start off two part question on the pipeline tariffs. Just thinking about first quarter, I think they came in fourth quarter little bit weaker than we thought, so just wondering how to think about that as we move forward and then also on the PSX call I believe they mentioned some heavy refinery turnaround coming up. How do we think about that as it impacts PSXP?
Rosy Zuklic: The pipeline tariff is actually what I would say is $0.62 to $0.63 is actually the normal run rate. The fourth quarter and actually the third quarter both had normal T&D routine adjustments that are making that quarter-over-quarter variance to look a little bit off. I think the third quarter was at $0.66 and the fourth quarter coming in at $0.61 really both of them are outside the normal range. So if you look over the last eight quarters, $0.62 to $0.63 is really more of a normal run rate I would say that that's kind of a better gauge to use. And then to your second question as far as the utilization rate, you're spot on. The refining system for PSX guiding to the mid-80% is obviously going to have an impact on our throughput volumes. Third quarter and fourth quarter at over 100% specifically in the mid-con obviously contributed to strong earnings that we saw both - in both quarters. And so normally what I would say, as you look at across the four quarters, the first quarter always is weaker and the fourth quarter is always stronger and that kind outfall is the trend of the refining system as far as you know the first quarter being the heavier turnaround period.
Spiro Dounis: Second one just on Southern Hills, I believe DCP and SemGroup are proposing to effectively convert Southern Hills into a gladiator crude pipeline and then build a new NGL line to replace Southern Hills I guess first am I thinking about that correctly. And then second obviously the known on Southern Hills, would you have an option to participate in gladiator maybe rather than develop Red Oak?
Rosy Zuklic: So obviously the open season is still ongoing, so a little bit too early to talk much about that but you are thinking about it right. At this point DCP what they're thinking about is that the current Southern Hills pipeline at 190,000 barrels a day capacity for NGL as a crude line could be at 300,000 barrels a day pipeline. So they're thinking that if that gets converted to a crude line then, then you could then build another line for NGL but beyond that really not much I could really share on it.
Operator: Elvira Scotto from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Elvira Scotto: Can you provide a little more detail around the ACE pipeline? You guys talked about those at press release about an open season, you know when does the open season run through, is there anything in the budget for that, for that pipeline in 2019?
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, so we don't really give timeline on our open season, that's just a normal practice for us. I can't really tell you when it ends. It did just here recently open. So think about a normal timing being somewhere in the 30 to 60 days. And just said to clarify the open season is specifically for the new build pipeline, that's going to be from St. James down to Clovelly and the JV premises with it being ourselves PBS and Harvest. Harvest would be contributing the CAM pipeline which CAM currently runs from Clovelly up all the way to Marao, obviously that is servicing the PSX Alliance refinery, the PBS refinery all the way up to Valero's refinery. So we're really excited about it. We do have a premise in the budget so answering your question directly for 2019. Hoping to see the open season conclude here but from a PBS and ourselves perspective, obviously there's upside additionally from the refining PSX has some crude optionality for Alliance, so I think that there's just upside that we would see from the open season. 
Elvira Scotto: And then you guys didn't provide any EBITDA guidance which is consistent with your previous comments but should we read anything into your comments on, we will continue to reward our unitholders with increasing distributions, you know kind of versus your previous targeting top quartile distribution growth.
Kevin Mitchell: So you're correct that we did not provide EBITDA guidance and we're really giving guidance in terms of looking at the fundamental business, the new assets that will be coming online if you look ahead to 2019. Really talked about the impact, if you look in the near term in the first quarter of the PSX refining utilization being then and you got the page right there - that Rosy covered that, had all of the growth projects. And so there's some information available that can enable you to sort of build your models and come up with EBITDA - your own EBITDA estimates around that. In terms of distributions, we did not restate the first quartile guidance in part because we find that wasn't particularly helpful in terms of really what is first quartile today. It was a little bit different back in the days when there was a lot of emphasis and focus on high rates of distribution growth but given the way the investor base is kind of shifted with regards to how it's looking at distribution growth in the appetite for distribution growth versus the ability to manage an organic capital program so that within operating cash flow in our case only some moderate debt. And so from a dividend distribution standpoint, we do expect to continue to increase the distribution. We expect to be very competitive in that regard. Were just staying further away from hard targets around what that growth is going to look like.
Elvira Scotto: And did the question we always ask but given that many of your own large captures have eliminated IDRs or in the process of eliminating IDRs, and we know that IDRs may keep some investors kind of away from investing in PSXP. Can you maybe provide us your latest thoughts on IDR elimination and what are some of the key factors that keep PSX and PSXP from announcing an IDR elimination today?
Kevin Mitchell: So our comment on that is very consistent with what we've said in the past which is, you look back and PSXP has grown very successfully over this last five years or so. The IDR life cycle continue to evolve over that time period. Clearly it's much shorter than we originally assumed and we understand that, we understand the way this works. And so the reality is we will end up addressing the IDRs much sooner than we would have expected originally. When we get to that point, I think what's important to take away is we expect this to be done in a way that is fair to the Phillips 66 shareholders and the PSXP unitholders and the transaction needs to be structured in a way that it's a fair appropriate transactional range and we expect to get to that sooner than later but no specific guidance on exactly what those triggers are going to be or exactly what that time is going to be.
Operator: Dennis Coleman from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dennis Coleman: Couple for me if you would. I guess the first one is related more - perhaps more of a question for PSX but on the fracs that's supposed to be on I think late 2020 but obviously that - it's been quite a topic lately. Is there any ability to sort of accelerate those projects to bring them forward in 2020?
Tim Roberts: Yes, on that - this is Tim Roberts by the way. I'll answer that from the sponsor view. You're right the PSX level but now this project as far as with the schedules that we've seen it looks like it's fairly well on schedule as it stands. It's hard to move these things forward one because you had a line up, fabrication space, shop space, procurement, contractors, and getting all that lined up. So it's hard to accelerate those. Certainly if we're going to what we do we may see a slight movement forward but it's a pretty hot market right now on the Gulf Coast. So maybe incrementally but not much.
Dennis Coleman: And then I guess Kevin, just with the balance sheet availability that you talked about going up to 3.5x from the current level at 2.8x, any incremental thoughts on drop downs?
Kevin Mitchell: No, I mean you look at the program that we got today at PSXP there's a significant organic capital program. We like that. We have the ability between the coverage and the available cash that that generates and the balance sheet that's available. We have the ability to continue to execute on that organic program and do that. So the drop down from a PSX standpoint, the drop down just remain option - gives optionality for some point in the future if we think that's appropriate but for the time being very much focused on the organic build-out.
Operator: Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to touch based on South Texas gateway. I think you noted kind of the mid-2020 for the completion there. I was just wondering if parts of that could come on line enter service earlier than that kind of coincide with Gray Oak at year end '19 or kind of how do you think about that coming online at stages?
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, Buckeye Partners of course is the operator of this and just to kind of get everybody up to speed, the original scope of this project started off at 3.4 million barrels and now we're talking about it being at almost 7 million barrels, so obviously twice is the size of what the original scope was. So that mid 2020 timing is really reflecting the significant growth in the scope of the project and it is indicative of the entirety of the project being done and so as the facility becomes available at sections of the facility whether it tanks or the docks become available, then those are going to be made available to the customers. And so yes, we think about Gray Oak obviously, Gray Oak is going to have multiple destination points, not just add corpus but even within the corpus area we have multiple terminals that we are delivering to and so we're really not at all, there's no concern in our mind right now with any of the timing.
Jeremy Tonet: And for DAPL I was just wondering if you would be able to share what the environments were for the quarter and also seems like there is - definitely interests for the expansion of the 570, what kind of a timeframe would it take to kind of achieve that capacity expansion?
Rosy Zuklic: Yes so as far as the quarter is - so both third quarter and fourth quarter we ran over 500,000 barrels a day and you know the open season that and energy transfer went out with was successful and has concluded and so we are looking to get it to the full capacity of 570,000 here in the short term. Minor modifications are going to have to be done to sustainably run at the 570. So I would think that some time here in the next couple of quarters you would see it at that sustainable rate. And so beyond that, I think from the open season our partner has communicated that they did see enough interest to expand further but ETP as the operator would - is still obviously trying to assess what the market, what would need to be done in order to address the market needs and so they would be the better person to ask the question to.
Jeremy Tonet: Last one if I could, it seems like the Borger and Liberty Pipes, the open seasons were announced at the PSX level if I'm not mistaken and I was just wondering if you could extend it more as far as the drivers behind having this done at the PSX versus the PSXP level.
Tim Robert: Yes this is Tim Robert. Well at this point, right now PSXP weve got a really ambitious and really solid capital program already so it's nice to see a pivot to the organic growth side. So we got a lot on their plan right now and as we manage PSXP, we also don't want to lose out on opportunities that are also out there. So we're looking at this from a PSX standpoint. We think that right now as we incubate this and see if there's a real project we had which the open season will tell us, this doesn't preclude us from at some point it moving it down to the partnership but at this point in time we didn't want also hesitate or wait on an opportunity to be sitting out there. So that's why we're handling it at PSX at this point in time.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Julie, and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66 Partners. If you have additional questions please call me or Brent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Dietert - VP, IR Greg Garland - Chairman and CEO Kevin Mitchell - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Roger Read - Wells Fargo Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Prashant Rao - Citigroup Paul Cheng - Barclays Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Christopher Sighinolfi - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the third quarter Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 Web site, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. Before I turn the call over to Greg, I'd like to point out a change in our question-and-answer session. Based on investor feedback on how to improve our call, and to allow everyone the opportunity to ask a question, we are asking that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have additional questions we ask you rejoin the queue. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.5 billion, a record $3.10 per share. This quarter, we demonstrated the value of our integrated portfolio attributing strong earnings. In the central corridor, our Refining and Midstream assets ran at record levels, capturing strong margins. We continue to benefit from advantaged feedstocks as the industry's largest purchase of heavy Canadian crude. We achieved record Midstream earnings. And in Marketing, we realized solid margins on refined product sales. We've repurchased or exchanged nearly 30% of our initial shares outstanding over the last six years, contributing to our record adjusted earnings per share this quarter. We continued our commitment to distributions by returning $775 million through dividends and share repurchase in the third quarter and $5.2 billion for the year. Strong shareholder distributions remain fundamental to our disciplined capital allocation approach. We're investing in a robust portfolio of projects with attractive returns to create shareholder value and drive future growth. During the third quarter, Phillips 66 Partners once again achieved record adjusted EBITDA. PSXP has grown at a rapid pace during its first five years. With its scale and financial strength, PSXP is well positioned to fund and sustain a significant organic capital program to drive future EBITDA growth. Phillips 66 Partners is the operator and largest owner in the Grey Oak Pipeline project. Grey Oak will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny Refinery. Supported by shipper commitments, the capacity of the pipeline will be 900,000 barrels per day, is on schedule to be in service by the end of 2019. At the Sweeny Hub, we're building two 150,000 per day NGL fractionators, and adding 6 million barrels of storage at Phillips 66 Partners Clemens Caverns. We have agreements in place with multiple parties, including DCP Midstream, to supply Y-grade to the new fractionators. The Hub will have 400,000 barrels per day of fractionation capacity, and 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in late 2020. Our Sweeny Hub is strategically located on the Texas Gulf Coast, and directly accessible from the Permian. Gulf Coast fractionation capacity remains tight, and there's strong interest from customers and future expansion projects. At the Beaumont Terminal, we recently placed 900,000 barrels of fully contracted new crude oil storage into service. We're having additional crude tanks under construction that will increase the terminal's total capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of this year. During the third quarter, we had about 200,000 barrels per day of exports across our dock. The continued growth in domestic crude production is expected to result in the need for higher Gulf Coast exports, and we're making investments to capitalize on those opportunities. At Beaumont, we recently approved a new project to further increase crude storage by 2.2 million with completion anticipated in early 2020. PSXP also has a 25% interest in the South Texas Gateway Terminal under development in Corpus Christi. The terminal is connected to Grey Oak Pipeline, and will provide 3.4 million barrels of crude storage upon completion in late 2019. DCP Midstream continues to expand the Sand Hills Pipeline to meet the demand for growing NGL production in the Permian Basin. DCP increased the pipeline's capacity to 440,000 barrels per day at the end of the third quarter, and further expansion to 485,000 barrels per day is expected by the end of this year. Sand Hills is owned two-third by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 Partners. In the high-growth DJ Basin, DCP's Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant started up in the third quarter. And the O'Connor 2 plant is expected to begin operations in the second quarter of 2019. In Chemicals, CPChem has a leading position in polyethylene to supply the world's growing demand for polymers. CPChem's portfolio of cost-advantaged assets are strategically located in the U.S. and the Middle East. Abundant ethane supplies remain the cost advantage feedstock for U.S. Gulf Petrochemicals growth. CPChem continues to optimize its U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals assets, and is developing a second U.S. Gulf Coast project that would include ethylene and derivative capacity. CPChem is also evaluating additional capacity across multiple product lines to do bottlenecks on existing units. In Refining, we continue to focus on high-return projects to improve margins. We have an FCC optimization project underway at the Sweeny Refinery that will increase the production of high-value petrochemical products and higher octane gasoline. This project should complete in mid 2020. At our Lake Charles Refinery, Phillips 66 Partners is constructing a 25,000 barrel per day isomerization unit. This new unit will increase production of higher octane gasoline blend components when completed in the third quarter of 2019. We're opportunistic about future growth opportunities across our businesses. With growing hydrocarbon production in the shale plays we see opportunities for further midstream infrastructure build-out, including pipelines, export facilities, and NGL fractionation. Our refining system is well positioned to capture low-cost crude feedstock, and we see good opportunities for future chemicals expansion. We will remain a disciplined allocator of capital. We'll continue investing in growth projects with attractive returns that align with our long-term strategy, and we'll continue to provide a strong, competitive, growing dividend. And we'll be a buyer of our shares when they trade below intrinsic value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on slide four, third quarter earnings were $1.5 billion. After excluding special items, adjusted earnings per share was $3.10. The third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 23%. Our year-to-date after-tax return on capital employed was 14%. Operating cash flow excluding working capital was $2.1 billion. Working capital impacts reduced cash flow by $1.5 billion. Distributions from equity affiliates were $910 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $779 million, with $537 million spent of growth projects. We ended the quarter with 461 million shares outstanding. Slide five compares third quarter and second quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings increased $134 million driven by higher earnings in Marketing, Midstream, and Refining, partially offset by lower Chemicals results. Slide six shows our Midstream adjusted net income, which was a record $261 million in the third quarter. Transportation adjusted net income for the quarter was $175 million, up $38 million from the previous quarter. The increase was due to higher volumes, increased pipeline tariffs and storage rates, and lower operating costs. Our operating pipelines in the central corridor benefited from strong utilization at our refineries. In addition, the Bakken Pipeline [technical difficulty] averaged more than 500,000 barrels per day. NGL and other adjusted net income was $64 million, an increase $14 million, reflecting increased Sand Hills and Southern Hills pipeline volumes and propane and butane trading activity. Sand Hills pipeline throughput during the third quarter was a record $421,000 barrels per day. We continue to run well at the Sweeny hub. During the quarter, the export facility averaged 10 cargoes a month and the fractionator averaged 110% utilization. DCP Midstream adjusted net income of $22 million in the third quarter is up $7 million from the previous quarter due to increased pipeline volumes, higher NGL prices and improved hedging results. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven, third quarter adjusted net income for the segment was $210 million, $52 million lower than the second quarter. Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted net income decreased $70 million due to low margins from higher ethane feedstock costs. This was partially offset by higher polyethylene sales volumes as CPChem operated at 96% domestic polyethylene utilization and also grew from inventory. Global O&P utilization was 91% in the third quarter reflecting planned turnaround activities and unplanned downtime from a third party power outage that impacted the Cedar Bayou facility. Adjusted net income for SA&S increased $9 million from improved margins. The $9 million increase in other mainly reflects the gain on an asset sale. During the third quarter, we received $325 million of cash distributions from CPChem. Next on slide eight, we will cover Refining. Crude utilization was 93% compared with 100% in the second quarter. Our third quarter clean product yield was 84% and realized margin was $13.36 per barrel. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $55 million, a decrease of $5 million from the previous quarter. The chart of slide eight provides a regional view of the change in refining's adjusted net income which increased $48 million in the third quarter. In the Atlantic basin, adjusted net income increased as the Humber Refinery returned to normal operations following a second quarter turnaround. This was partially offset by third quarter unplanned downtime at the Bayway Refinery. Gulf Coast adjusted net income decreased due to narrowing heavy crude differentials and unplanned downtime at the Alliance Refinery. Adjusted net income in the central corridor was $633 million. An increase of $241 million reflecting improved heavy Canadian and Permian crude differentials and higher volumes. Third quarter capacity utilization was 108%. In the West Coast, the decrease was mainly due to a 25% decline in the gasoline market crack. Slide nine covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the third quarter was $14.21 per barrel compared with $14.86 in the second quarter. Our realized margin for the third quarter was $13.36 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 94%, up from 83% in the second quarter. Market capture was impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. We made less gasoline and more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $1.62 per barrel were lower than the previous quarter by $1.19 per barrel, primarily due to improved NGL and coke prices relative to crude oil. Feedstock improved realized margins by $2.50 per barrel, a decline of $0.65 from the prior quarter due to narrowing Gulf Coast heavy crude differentials, partially offset by improvements in the central corridor. The other category includes impacts associated with product differentials, RINs, outgoing freight and inventory. This category improved realized margins by $0.26 per barrel. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted third quarter net income was $290 million, $95 million higher than the second quarter. Marketing and Other increased $98 million due to higher realized margins in the U.S. and Europe, reflecting seasonally stronger market conditions. U.S. branded marketing volumes increased 2% sequentially. We re-imaged $384 domestic marketing sites during the third quarter, bringing the total to over 2100 since the start of our program. Refine product exports in the third quarter were 190,000 barrels per day. Specialties adjusted net income decreased $3 million during the quarter from lower base oil margins.  On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment has adjusted net costs of $187 million, up slightly from the prior quarter. Lower interest expense was due to a second quarter debt repayment and higher capitalized interest. Corporate overhead increased primarily from employee severance costs and taxes. Slide 12 highlights the year-to-date change in cash. We entered the year with $3.1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations excluding the impact of working capital was $5 billion. Working capital changes reduced cash flow by $1.6 billion. This reflects a $1.5 billion use in the third quarter due to an inventory build which included the impact of unplanned downtime at Bayway and Alliance, as well as the timing of crude cargo receipts and payments. We received $1.2 billion from the first quarter issuance of debt net of second quarter debt payments. During the year, we funded $1.6 billion of capital expenditures and investments, and we returned $5.2 million to shareholders through the repurchase of shares and payment of dividends. Our ending cash balance was $924 million. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items for the fourth quarter. In Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid 90s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid 90s, and pretax turnaround expenses to be between $110 million and $130 million. We anticipate Corporate and Other costs to come in between $170 million and $190 million after tax. In closing, next quarter we are changing our segment reporting to be on a pretax basis. Income taxes will only be reflected at the consolidated company level. This change will make our segment reporting more comparable to our peers. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. As we open the call for questions, as to courtesy to all participants, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. [Operator Instructions] Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning everybody, and congratulations on another great result.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Doug.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson: Greg, you guys have been a leader in the whole energy industry in pledging to balance your spending and distributions. And while it's worked very well for shareholders, it obviously starts with disciplined capital spending. And so on this point, while you may not have your specific guidance yet, I wanted to see if you could provide some color or maybe philosophy that you might have on capital spending for 2019 and beyond?
Greg Garland: Yes, we'll I'd start from the guidance we've given that long-term we want to reinvest 60% of cash from all sources back into the business, and 40% goes back to our shareholders, so a strong dividend and share repurchase. And see us deviating from that, Doug, over the longer-term. Any given year we could bounce around a little bit. This year is going to be hard to hit. We'll hit 60-40, but it's going to be the other way, given we're already at $5.1 billion of share repurchases for the year. But there's no question I think that we're working the capital budget for 2019 now, we go to our Board, in December, for approval. So I don't want to get too far out ahead of that. So we got Grey Oak, and the fracs. And of course Grey Oak, even though it's a PSXP, it gets consolidated up into PSX. So at the consolidated level we're probably looking at something between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in '19. We'll tell you what the number is when the get to the Board in December. 
Doug Terreson: Sure. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey guys, good morning. Congrats on a good quarter here. I had two quarter-specific questions, but also then want to see if we could extrapolate them forward. And so if I think about where the driver -- in fact, one of the big drivers of outperformance versus model, was it was in the mid-con n your central corridor business. So can you talk about how you see that outlook going into the fourth quarter, and into 2019 as well? And there are a lot of components to that question, so your views on Brent, WTI, Western Canadian crude, and also just gasoline margins in the region. And then I have a follow-up.
Greg Garland: Okay. That was five questions packed into one Neil, but we'll try to deal with it. So let me just start the high level and then I'll have Jeff step in and kind of give our views. So I think, first of all, no question large differentials on WCS, but also WTS differentials were strong in the quarter. We're able to capture that at Borger and to some degree into Ponca. And we ran really well, so 108% capacity utilization. So where we needed to run really well, we ran well and we were able to capture that opportunity. And I'll let Jeff comment on our future views in terms of WCS spreads.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, so PSX is the largest importer of Canadian crudes and we benefit from these wider discounts. Production growth is continuing to exceed; infrastructure development, production up roughly 300,000 barrels a day both in 2017, and 2018 with further growth coming in 2019 as well. The pipelines are full. Enbridge Line 3 is the next one lined up for year end next year. It's only 370,000 barrels a day incrementally. And then Keystone and Trans Mountain are kind of 2022 plus. For the time being the rails are full as well. When you look at the DOE stats for Canadian imports, we've imported right at 200,000 barrels a day for the last four months. That looks to be about what we can do at this point as an industry. There are some long-term contracts that have been signed and we expect the rail capacity to increase later this year and really more so next year. Canadian storage is at record high levels and it typically rises during the fourth quarter. So things continue to be tight with Canadian differentials.
Neil Mehta: And then the other area was marketing. You guys put up very strong results. I guess, there's a seasonality element to that, but it seems like gasoline wholesale margin is holding as well. So talk about your view for the marketing and specialties business and can we carry some of the strength forward?
Jeff Dietert: Yes, so there is seasonal strength there. The third quarter has got July and August, two summer months with the Fourth of July and Labor Day weekend in there as well, versus only one summer month in the second quarter. And so there is a big seasonal component there. When you look at wholesale gasoline prices, they were relatively flat in the third quarter versus more volatility in the second quarter and it's easier to push through the margins in a more stable price environment. We had strong margins in Europe as well and so really strong performance overall for the marketing segment.
Kevin Mitchell: But Neil -- this is Kevin -- as you look into 4Q you would normally expect to see the demand will come off seasonally as it typically does. And so you would expect weaker results from that segment as you go into the fourth quarter from the third.
Neil Mehta: Makes sense. Thanks again guys.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks, good morning and a very impressive quarter.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Roger.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks, Roger.
Roger Read: Just to dive in here, maybe a little bit of a follow-up on Neil's question as we think about capturing the central corridor and throughputs. So should we generally think about it as it's a Hardesty price adjusted for transportation or is there a component of WCS you get, you know, south of the border, doesn't have a price? I'm just trying to think about it in margin capture potential over the next few quarters until crude by rail has an opportunity to maybe narrow the differentials up.
Greg Garland: So Roger, I think the easiest way to look at this is just on a quarter on quarter change in the Canadian heavy discount 2Q versus 3Q in this case and as we go into 4Q just compare the difference in the discount at Hardesty and factor that in. We do see about a 30-day lag. And so I think it makes sense to lag that a little bit as well. But the easiest way to look at that is just sequential changes.
Roger Read: All right. I appreciate it.
Greg Garland: The other thing I'd add is Roger, we have invested in infrastructure that allows us to capture that. So we have things at Hardesty, we've got commitments on pipes coming south. And so I think we're really well-positioned to capture that ARPU when it's there.
Roger Read: Great. Thanks. And then the unrelated follow-up, PSXP, obviously there's been some pressure on refining MLPs across the space. You're structured differently in terms of assets and the size of the business. Just wondering, are you seeing issues where you may ultimately roll PSXP up or that you need to do something about the IDR, I was just wondering how you're evaluating that business to time a little bit of change maybe overall in the sector?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, that's right. I'd point out we're at a different spot than some of the ones that have rolled up. It's a billion dollar plus EBITDA, we've grown at a 30% compound annual growth rate, the distributions. On our call later this afternoon for PSXP, we're going to lay out a great organic portfolio of projects that's investable. We kind of made the pivot from a drop down story to organic growth story. PSXP on its own has substantial capacity to invest. And so, we just look at it as a vehicle to help us grow our midstream business. And so we like that component. We think PSXP is a strong entity and a valuable part of our portfolio. Now, IDRs this is certainly a topical question and I don't think we'd go a meeting that we don't get asked about IDRs and what are we going to do with IDRs. I would say that we don't think that there's a constraint on growth created by the IDRs today. Although, we do acknowledge that there's a lifecycle to MLPs. We certainly understand that. I would say that the path to how you deal with IDRs is a well-worn path and well-understood by most people. And the only guide rails that we would put is we're certainly willing to deal with the IDRs at the appropriate time, but it's going to have to be in a manner that is fair to LP unit holders but also to the PSX shareholders. So we'll get the IDRs at some point.
Roger Read: All right. Thanks. I'll stick to the one in one.
Kevin Mitchell: Okay.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes, thank you. First question would just be on chemicals, Greg, obviously there's been some tightness here on the feedstock costs and there's been a little bit of pressure on the margin, on the product margin side as well. Maybe you could just talk about how you're viewing those fundamentals in 2019, how long it'll take to resolve some of the fractionation issues. Obviously, you're going to help contribute a bit to that recovery, but just any thoughts you have?
Greg Garland: Yes, well, I think, during the quarter, I think I had a wild ride, you know, in the high 30s more than doubled and went back down into the high 30s and it's below that today. And I think the industry just had a hard time keeping up with that. So it did cause some margin compression. And frankly, we always thought with the new unit that have come on, three so far, that there would be some compression in margins as these materials started hitting the market. I think that thing that we all missed was how quickly the frac capacity build up. And it was really you know, that frac capacity going up that drove the ethane prices so quickly and rapidly. I think that KIMS did a great job of adjusting their feedstock slates and obviously by cracking more propane and then putting pressure on ethane and you saw the result on the ethane prices. But I think we're going to be at this tension point until we can get some more frac capacity on and we'll see some coming on in '19. There's two or three fracs coming on in '19 and then a couple of more fracs including our frac 2, frac 3, another 300,000 a day in '20. So I think as we move into '19 and '20, we'd start to resolve that issue around feedstock.
the :
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Second question, I guess, this one would be for Kevin since you mentioned it in your prepared remarks. You talked about in secondary products that coke -- I presume that maybe that's needle coke was the contributor to that margin improvement if I looked in the Atlantic base and your secondary margins were really strong there. So maybe you could just elaborate on the contribution that you're getting there?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So it's a combination. It's not that you've got then NGL impact, the strong NGL prices, and you had improved pricing across all grades of coke, so petroleum coke, and coke, needle coke and so strong pricing across the board and so that all contributes to that, that's a secondary product impact.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And you feel that sustainable?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, that depends on where the markets go. I mean that category as if you look back over time. That moves around it can move around quite a bit in terms of the overall impact on capture, so it will move as market conditions do so.
Phil Gresh: Okay, it sounds good.
Kevin Mitchell: They were also down during that period of time and so that they're probably impacted that the amount of the positive direction on secondary products but I think the coke market globally has improved, there's no question around that. We have two refineries certainly like troughs in Humber they're probably most of impacted implements particularly by the specially grade cokes. The last two, three years we've been working to develop new markets for specially great cokes one of those is the anodes and lithium ion batteries and we've made good progress there and developing a new high valued market for us. Lot of the other specialty coke goes into our furnace production and that's tied with the global economy and so you have to answer the questions as sustainable or not have become common and he continues to do well. I think this business will between you do well for us but if it's a relatively small component in the overall mix for gold 66 it was completely overshadowed by the margin improvement we saw on the central quarter around, you think about billings, you think about Wood River and [indiscernible] $25 spread there.
Greg Garland: Bill, I think it's important to note that we have multiple grades of needle coke for many different applications and depending on the grade, the quality, the makeup of the needle coke. They trade at different prices. In addition for commercial reasons we don't disclose the duration of our sales contracts which can influence the prices that we capture.
Phil Gresh: Appreciate it. Thank you for the initial color.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Paul Sankey from Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, good morning. Hi guys. Could we take a little bit more about chemicals, I thought what they would actually be that weaker then the results that you achieved, could you just give us an outlook for both volumes and margins your best guess that would be great. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Well, specifically to that third quarter, we had to turnaround at quarter author on the ethylene side but we're selling out of inventory. Ethylene inventories are still relatively high and that's also leading at some of the margin compression we're seen in ethylene. I don't when see becomes a case, but actually built inventory to cover the derivatives start up from last fall to the new cracker came on and the new cracker came on better, quicker and ran higher rates than we expected and so we've been adjusting inventories and so became to bring that when inventories down. So then you come back and you think about okay, what's happening going into next year. The sales lines are still strong polyethylene sales volumes are up quarter-over-quarter we're seeing strong demand growth it really across all regions also. I would say we're constructive on the outlook for margins going into 2019.
Paul Sankey: Are you hitting maximum volumes is not correct in terms of your sales?
Greg Garland: I think they certainly the Middle East assets are running at capacity we had a global OMP rate of 91% but that was influenced by the put author turn around then we had a power outage at our Cedar Bayou facility which ticked down the new cracker and the old crackers Cedar Bayou, so that really impact operates but I would, we've given guidance kind of mid 90s for the fourth quarter and I think we feel pretty comfortable with that guidance.
Paul Sankey: Great. And then the follow up is just on gasoline, again the market exceeded our expectations which is little bit conference here to discuss generally in a rising price environment and that was anything to add on that if additionally you could talk little bit about what looks like a very weak gasoline markets at the moment whether that's transitory effect to already what's going on there. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think as you look at New York Harbor gasoline train at $8 a barrel crack that's the weakest in two years in New York Harbor distillate strain $29 a barrel that's a seven year high, so we're definitely seeing that split seasonality is a big factor what they are VP change the change coming into the blending pool, gasoline inventories are high even relative to seasonal norms, what we're seeing is more pressure in the Atlantic basin especially on the European side of the Atlantic simple refining margins in Europe are negative and we are starting to see economic run cuts in Europe. We are in the U.S. starting to see gasoline imports slow earlier this year they were running about 800,000 barrels a day and they fall into 500,000 barrels a day and recently only 300,000 barrels a day. In addition gasoline exports to South America are improving, you look at October 27 with 700,000 barrels a day were up over a 1 million barrels a day this year, so the other side of that equation with strong distillate is encouraging runs on the distillate side but really the U.S. is well-positioned relative to the international markets, when you think about attractive crude discounts, strong diesel demand in cracks. Low fuel and operating cost and competitive taxes that we enjoy here and as you look into 2019, 2020 we expect high complexity refining capacity to benefit from the IMO environment and higher runs for high complexity, lower runs for low complexity refining.
Paul Sankey: Correct, Jeff, that was extremely helpful her year maybe you should think about yourself that made? Thanks guys.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Actually going to do my questions and Paul just tossed out one so I'm going to hold up Jeff if I may and it's probably for you. There was as gasoline situations been an action waiting to happen given the strength of runs in the U.S. but my question is when you think about export of light sweet crude it was Gray Oak and capacity expanding on the Gulf Coast, along with the IMO in pipe for European refiners, in other words higher runs, combination seems to us to be another threat to gasoline in 2019 the higher runs, lighter yields. I'm just curious if you can offer your thoughts on how do you see the gasoline market improving in an IMO world next year or going into 2020 I guess.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think the gasoline market's going to be challenged through the winter months. I think as we shift into next year there's going to be a focused on emphasizing distillate yields in an effort to improve distillate yields with confidence that, that's a longer term event with IMO coming as opposed to the U.S. that really tries to maximize gasoline yield in the summer months. It's certainly possible that we could have maximizing diesel yields year around for the next number of years and so we're looking at those yields shifting as IMO approaches feedstock in FCC feedstock is a good Marine blending component which could have the impact of reducing FCC runs as well and shifting more product yield into distillate and added gasoline. I think that's how we get out of this, but gasoline's probably going to be soft through the winter months.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate it. I am only going to take the rest of the one offline, but my follow up is for Greg and Greg, you're going to hear this because I ask it every couple quarters I guess and it's clearly the split between the dividend and the buyback and I want be very specific and we agree with you that your stock is undervalued but you never tell us what your number is, we unfortunately have to publish our number, so we're kind of there now exposed sort to speak but the point is that you're not immune to the seasonality the weakness, the market weakness and all the rest of it. So my question is are your buybacks, are you committed to ratable buybacks, are you a bit more to selling and when you execute your buyback program and in this environment why wouldn't you swing the benefit of your diversified portfolio back towards more of a dividend cut than a buyback cut in terms of the cash, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Well, so we've never contemplated cutting the dividend
Doug Leggate: No, no, no, what I mean is the split. When I say, "Cut," I mean like that which way cuts in favor of dividends versus in favor of buybacks -- choice of phrase, sorry.
Greg Garland: It was a Scottish definition of got me, okay. Look, I think we've consistently kind of guided to $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase years of past couple of years. Obviously this year we had an opportunity in February to take a big swing with Berkshire, we did, but I think the guidance is still pretty good guidance going forward, what we look at this stock price every quarter. We have a grid, we reset that grid every quarter Doug, so in the past two weeks we've been buying a lot more stock and we would normally buy, the share price fell and I think you'd want us to do that but we look at that every quarter and as I think out into 2019 kind of that $1 billion to $2 billion consistent range of share purchases will be the guidance that will give for 2019 also.
Doug Leggate: Yes, I guess I was sort of looking for that desirability as well as looking for. Thanks a lot Greg.
Operator: Prashant Rao from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Prashant Rao: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back on cash flows in particular cash flow from operations. One of the step ups that we saw queue on queue in the equity affiliate distributions and just to become being a more material part of GFFO, wanted to get a sense of I don't want to front run anything you're going to say on CSSP call, but maybe just sort of to get a sense of where that cadence could move as we sort of model cash flows going forward and think about, how much that could be an offset to any CapEx needs coming up on midstream and any further on in chemical.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, this is Kevin. I mean fundamentally the way that what drives the distributions from the equity affiliates or the operating cash flows within the equity affiliate, less in the case of CPChem, WRB less the capital spending that they're undertaking at the, at that level at the JB level. In the midstream, it's a little bit different because most of those affiliates are distributing, most of their operating cash flow is not all and then the growth capital expansion capital is being funded by contributions back in to those entities. So you've seen a robust distribution so far this year so just over $900 million in the third quarter, the year-to-date through the third quarter is just over $2 billion of distributions coming out and so you think about WRB which both refineries have benefited very well from the overall crude differential environment that we're sitting in and WRB will essentially distribute most of its cash. There's no incentive, neither owner is incentivized to have the partnership sit on more cash than it needs to fund it's ongoing operations, so that's part of it as WRB does well and so the cash distributions coming back will do so with CPChem, some of this has been a function of the capital spend has come off significantly with a big project complete that's all behind us now and so the capital spending program this year is quite a bit lower than it had been. And so they're in a position to continue with pretty healthy distributions. We had guided to perceive became $600 million to $800 million of distributions for the year we've done $725 million through the third quarter and it's certainly possible that could be another distribution coming in the fourth quarter, so pretty healthy outlook from that standpoint.
Prashant Rao: Okay, thank you very much. That's very helpful and then just a quick follow-up, Kevin, I apologize if you detail this in your prepared remarks, with the working capital swing that we saw in the quarter, should we expect most of that to reverse out next quarter, and so for the full year we sort of end up breakeven on that volatility, or if there is something -- anything that's sort of going to residual that we should be mindful of?
Kevin Mitchell: No, I think that's a reasonable assumption. It's always hard to get forecast working capital with too much precision given the amount of moving parts there are within that but high level we would expect that to reverse and so the full year working capital is something reasonably close to breakeven.
Prashant Rao: Okay, thanks very much for the time gentlemen.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Two quick questions, first on the needle coke, is there any capability for you guys seem to short term say within the next six months or so have be able to increase the production on that and also that on the medium term, do you have any plan to increase the capacity?
Jeff Dietert: The refining -- the cook businesses is within the Humber Refinery and the Lake Charles refinery, so it shows up in our refining portfolio our refining segment. In that segment, we highlight the most important capital projects every year. And you've seen us with Wood River and Bayway FCCs with now the Sweeney FCC. We highlight all the large capital projects. And so, the fact that we haven't highlighted a large capital project; it's probably a reasonable assumption that there's not one.
Paul Cheng: Right, Jeff. Thank you for that, but I think needle coke is a function of that, what type of oil that you choose and going into the cooking into the cooker? So maybe I get you wrong, that if they cook these areas actually need to be specially designed because I don't think it is. But maybe that you guys can help me understand a little bit better?
Jeff Dietert: Well, we do have industry leading technology associated with needle coke production, it is a different process. And so we are very unique in that regard.
Operator: Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hey, good morning, everyone. Switching back to chemicals, I was wondering, you guys were a little more candid this quarter talking about progressing a second U.S. Gulf Coast project, can you give a sense of the timeline there when it could potentially see a fighting and so on?
Greg Garland: Well, as a joint decision with our partner, I think that timing we've kind of guided to kind of a late '19, early '20 type FID, we are progressing work around the site location, the permits required initial designed around that facility. But I still think that it's late 19 or early 2020 in terms of FID for that facility.
Brad Heffern: Okay, got it. Thanks. And then, I guess on the frac capacity side, I was wondering if you could just talk about sort of the path forward for NGL production in the U.S. over the next 6, 9 months when there is an incremental frac capacity in Mt. Bellevue. Do you guys see what grade is getting produced in the tanks or does it get rerouted to Conway or Appalachia or how do you see that playing out?
Greg Garland: Yes, it's going to be interesting to see how we move forward, we'll probably see rejection maintained at high levels of the gas plants as people attempt to you to ship and fractionate the heavier barrels. So I think that rejection will stay relatively high. I think this will encourage additional NGL pipeline capacity and additional fractionator capacity because supply is likely to continue to grow as we as we go forward, drilling activities continuing in the Permian. We are drilling 600 wells a month and only completing 400 wells a month. So the duck inventory is growing by 200 every month, once the infrastructure comes online, then those completions will accelerate in and fill the infrastructure. So I think we're going to add infrastructure, add supply then add infrastructure then add more supply. We are kind of in that cycle.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Appreciate the thought. Thanks.
Operator: Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning, everyone. I was intrigued by the comments of the bottleneck in existing chem's unit. Could you give a sense of just the general capacity that you'd be talking about here as well as the timing and also with some of these de-bottlenecks occur at your brand-new cracker in PE units?
Greg Garland: The answer is yes, I think we probably have room to de-bottleneck the new cracker. But we across the platform, I would say we have opportunities and some of the older assets through to do some additional de-bottlenecking. So we are not going to give a number today in terms of the volumes on that. But I think that CPChem has a great portfolio of opportunities kind of internal to the existing asset portfolio where they can get some more value out of those assets. As you know, the bottlenecks are the easiest ones to do highest returning projects typically in the portfolio, so we will prosecute those.
Matthew Blair: Right, right. And then over and refining, what were your Bakken rail volumes to Bayway if any, in the quarter and how would you expect this to potentially ramp going forward, do you see de-bottleneck is just a lack of the 117J railcars?
Greg Garland: Yes, we benefit from blocking differentials as an owner and shipper on the Bakken pipeline. We do rail volumes to both the East Coast and the West Coast. We haven't disclosed those specifically, we really don't talk about specific refinery feedstock procurement but we are seeing an acceleration and growth in the Bakken oil productions up over 200,000 barrels a day year-on-year, but it's actually accelerating it's up 75,000 barrels a day quarter-on-quarter. The pipelines are largely full, the rail logistics are tight, I think you are right with the new compliant railcars being a bottleneck there. We have had some heavy refining maintenance in the mid-continent this quarter which will lead up as we get into later in November and December but we do expect Bakken differentials to remain wide.
Matthew Blair: Thank you.
Greg Garland: Okay.
Operator: Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Hi guys, so PSX is one of the global leaders in cooking capacity given IMO indicating no chance of a delay, ignoring of the administration, would PSX be open to investing in any resin destruction or resin upgrade projects. I mean, and you look at the Sweeney Refinery location, it's right next to John's Creek. So you can source a lot more WCS there, so this could be a good candidate to build a Coker, so just wanted your views on it?
Greg Garland: Yes, yes so we are the global leader in coking capacity and we really achieve this through a number of previous investments and we are well positioned with our portfolio, higher diesel yields relative to our peers and significant hydro treating capacity, so our portfolio is really well positioned without significant future capital investment requirements for the IMO environment.
Manav Gupta: Okay. And a quick follow-up in the Mid-con, the fights DCS, did you actually increase an uptake on the Permian crew that help drive that big Delta up?
Greg Garland: So PSX benefits from discounts on Permian barrels and mortar refinery as well as transporting volume into the mid-continent and the U.S. Gulf Coast refineries as well. We also been benefited PSXP from the ownership and the 900,000 barrels a day grey pipeline and the South Texas gateway facility. So those were the primary beneficiaries of the wide Permian dish during the quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Maybe also ran our first. We also ran our first train out of the Permian this year around to or this quarter around to.
Greg Garland: Beaumont.
Jeff Dietert: Beaumont.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes.
Greg Garland: So, I think we're doing everything we can around the portfolio to create value out of these opportunities.
Manav Gupta: Thank you, guys. Thank you so much.
Greg Garland: Okay.
Operator: Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: Good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon.
Craig Shere: Picking up on Roger's PSXP question a bit, kind of apart from collapsing the NLP structure or worrying about the IDRs at this point, it seems a lot of industry peers have either gone one direction or the other in terms of to the extent they still have an NLP putting all their midstream down there and then of course the opposite which is just consolidating it all back to the parent, you still have substantial existing assets and major growth projects at the C-Corp and the midstream space, are you just comfortable having this kind of dual pronged Summit PSXP, Summit PSX approach or do you envision a longer-term kind of simplification around how to think about midstream?
Greg Garland: Well, first of all, you are right, we probably have 700 to 900 million EBIT at the PSX level, that's MOP qualifying EBITDA although 300 or so that resides in our array finding business today. We just don't see the need to do that, we have such a strong portfolio of organic opportunities investable at PSXP and it has a balancing and the capability to execute those projects that I suspect that it will be a longtime before we get to the need to do any drops, it gives us comfort that we have in there we need them, but I would just say we are comfortable with the structure, we think about PSXP is a vehicle to help grow our midstream business, I think we said many times, we will be very comfortable of all the investments we are making a mid-stream, could be executed to PSXP level. And indeed, we've grown from almost zero capital budget to $750 million this year. And this afternoon, we are going to tell you a budget over a billion dollars for PSXP over 2019. So you can see that the strategy is evolving. And so, it's doing what we needed to do in terms of helping us to grow our midstream business and we are comfortable with it.
Craig Shere: Fair enough. And my second question, can you all update a little bit on how the market is looking for incremental LPG export contracting opportunities?
Greg Garland: Well, so I would say that, our export terminal which was 150,000 barrels a day design we've demonstrated kind of 200,000 barrels a day we are running about 180,000 barrels a day. Our view, we're constructive on the export market growth for LPG's and indeed, when we look at all the NGLs coming at us, out of the Permian, Eagle Ford and the other basins, we are going to need to export LPG to clear the U.S. markets because the U.S. man just not going to grow fast enough to absorb that. So I think we are comfortable with the growth profile we see out there. I think a lot of people have questions around tariffs and what tariffs they are doing, what we are seeing as of the markets pivoting around the tariffs today. So we have the Chinese buyers that aren't necessarily shipping to China today. And then maybe trade now for Gulf cargo but the markets working in our view at this point in time and I just think longer term we will certainly solve the tariff issue, so I don't think we are concerned about that on a medium to a long-term basis. So we like the profile, we see I think that the issue is that the asset from our view is still underperforming our expectations even at kind of these 180,000 to 200,000 barrels a day given where dock fees are, we think doc utilizations in the U.S. are still around 83%, 84%. Let's say, as we move into '19, we see those utilizations improving. We think the opportunity to earn fees will improve. But in this market today, I don't think we would be interested in taking a long-term contract at $0.06
Kevin Mitchell: From a domain perspective, we see continuing growth in the residential and commercial side for LPGs internationally, especially in Asia, as well as for chemical feedstocks.
Craig Shere: And just in summary, what would you think the a multi-year economic contracting market, could begin to return by second half '19?
Greg Garland: Yes, as utilization of the existing LPG export capability moves from the 80s to the over 90%, we expect that those margins will start to widen out across the dock. And there will eventually be a need for additional capacity which will push those margins up and offer some opportunity for contracting.
Operator: Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Hi, guys. Thanks for the added color this afternoon.
Greg Garland: Yes, thanks.
Christopher Sighinolfi: I just want to quickly circle back on CPChem, it was really helpful color on the inventory sales in the third quarter. And some of the outages power related complications you had encountered. But I guess, as we look into future periods and curious with regard to the inventories, as you mentioned, and as I get normalized, how that might shape the sales profile, I guess implicitly, what I'm asking is how much of that excess inventory that you talked about, having built up remains to be liquidated, and how might that shape, what we should think about 4Q?
Greg Garland: I think from an industry perspective, the excess inventory is really in ethylene part, not the derivative part of the chain.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay.
Greg Garland: So it's really people making adjustments on the ethylene production side to bring the ethylene inventories back into line. And I mean, when you look at, we look at the full chain margin. And so what you've seen is the margins really shifted into the derivatives over the last couple of quarters. And I mean, that's the value of being totally integrated from that perspective. But I suspect that as ethylene inventories kind of comeback to more normal, some of that margin shifts back into the ethylene side. But, from a CPChem perspective, they're kind of agnostic, because they, they capture that full value through the chain. And so, managing inventory is just part of good blocking and tackling and capital discipline around working capital. So I think that, what we fundamentally look at, we look at the Middle East, so the asset is running, this inventory is stacking up at the docks, it's not, it's kind of continues to be a strong buyer and inventory seem to be clearing through that system. And, of course, demand in the U.S. appears very good to us fundamentally. So I just -- we are constructive in our outlook in 1920 and '21. And from a fundamental supply demand balance issue, we see increasing operating rates, which I think is constructive towards margin as we move forward in that business. And so, I think that the comments around inventory are really specific around kind of the third and fourth quarter. I think, as you get into '19, those start to clear out in terms of the ethylene slide side.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay, that's really helpful. I guess real quickly, just switching gears and I don't want to run from around the PSXP public. Two questions, as I said, on Gray Oak. One is the upside is initially targeted capacity to 900 from 800 is that purely just based on additional contract volumes superior or was there something else influencing it and then second is just as Enbridge provided any early indication, you is what it will do with it's an option. I guess, I'm asking the contact of your earlier comments regarding capital budgeting discussions with the board at this point or entering 4Q about, what '19 looks like?
Greg Garland: Yes, so I would say there're multiple parties involved and they uplift to 900,000 barrels a day. So the line we are building a 30-inch line regardless. And so, but it was nice to be able to farm up those commitments and it certainly Enbridge has an option to come in that option expires in November, I think. And so, I think by the fourth quarter you'll have visibility and where they decide to exercise that option or not. I hope they do. They are great partner, if they don't we are willing to keep their share. I say it's a great project. So you'll have some more insight into that. In fact, all the other people that have options to come in to Gray Oak have to do so by November. If I was going to bet your money on it, I think our ownership is going to be 42.25% because I think the people will exercise their options to come into the line, I know, I would.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Thanks.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in -- all right, thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosie or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. Participants on todays call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation materials we will be using during the call today can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our diversified business has operated well and delivered strong earnings and cash flows. Adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion, or $2.80 per share. Refining had one of the  its best quarters and ran at 100% capacity utilization capturing strong margins. Our Refining system has industry-leading coking capacity, which allowed us to benefit from continued favorable heavy crude differentials. We generated $2.4 billion of cash from operations during the quarter, which is the highest since 2012. We rewarded our shareholders by returning $602 million through dividends and share repurchases, which brings our total distributions for the year to $4.4 billion. A secure, competitive and growing dividend is fundamental to our strategy. During the second quarter, we increased the dividend 14%, resulting in a 27% compound annual growth rate since 2012. Were executing on our long-term strategy to capture growth opportunities and enhance returns. Our Midstream organization is moving forward with two major growth projects, construction of the Gray Oak pipeline and expansion of the Sweeny Hub. Phillips 66 Partners recently completed the expansion open season for the Gray Oak pipeline. Gray Oak will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian in Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destinations, including our Sweeny Refinery. The pipeline will have an initial capacity of 800,000 barrels per day, based upon shipper commitment to 700,000 barrels per day and the reservation of walk-up capacity for shippers. Gray Oak is expandable to approximately 1 million barrels per day and expected to be in service by the end of 2019. Total cost for the project is anticipated to be approximately $2 billion. Phillips 66 Partners will be the largest equity owner in this joint venture project. At Sweeny, were building two 150,000 barrels per day NGL fractionators and adding 6 million barrels of storage at Phillips 66 Partners Clemens Caverns. We have agreements in place with multiple parties, including DCP Midstream to supply the new fractionators. The hub will have 400,000 barrels a day of fractionation capacity and access to 15 million barrels of storage when the expansion is completed in late 2020. We expect robust NGL value chain fundamentals, including continued production growth in the Permian and other shale plays. Our Sweeny hub is strategically located on the Texas Gulf Coast. The hub includes NGL fractionation and storage capacity with access to local petrochemicals and fuel markets and 200,000 barrels a day of LPG export capacity. Both the Freeport export terminal and our Sweeny fractionator continue to exceed design rates. At our Beaumont Terminal, we recently placed 1.3 million barrels of fully contracted crude storage into service, bringing the terminals total crude and product storage capacity to 12.4 million barrels. Additional crude oil tanks are under construction, that will increase the terminals capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of the year. We expect the continued growth in domestic crude production will result in higher Gulf Coast exports, and our Beaumont Terminal is well-positioned to capitalize on this growth. DCP Midstream continues to expand its Sand Hills Pipeline to meet the demand from the growing NGL production in the Permian Basin. During the second quarter, DCP increased the pipelines capacity to 425,000 barrels per day, with further growth to 485,000 barrels per day by the end of this year. Our new Sweeny fractionators will be supplied by Sand Hills. This pipeline is owned two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 Partners. Also, in the Permian Basin, DCP Midstream has a 25% interest in the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline project, which will transport 2 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas to Gulf Coast markets. Completion of the pipeline is anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2019. In the high-growth DJ basin, DCPs Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018 and the OConnor 2 plant in the second quarter of 2019. In Chemicals, CPChem has strong operations from its new Gulf Coast petrochemicals assets, which contributed solid earnings growth during the quarter. Ethane cracker has demonstrated 3.5 billion pounds per year of capacity, which is 6% above the original design rates. In Refining, weve approved an FCC optimization project at our Sweeny Refinery that will increase production of higher-valued petrochemical products, as well as higher octane gasoline. This project is anticipated to complete in mid-2020. Weve completed FCC modernization projects at the Bayway and Wood River refineries. At both facilities, we upgraded FCC reactor with state-of-the-art technology. The units are performing as expected and are yielding higher value clean products. So with that, Ill turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning. Starting with an overview on Slide 4, second quarter earnings were $1.3 billion. We have special items that netted to a gain of $17 million. After excluding special items, adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion, or $2.80 per share. The second quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 22%. Operating cash flow was $2.4 billion. This included distributions from equity affiliates of $610 million and positive working capital impacts. Capital spending for the quarter was $538 million, with $348 million spent on growth projects. Second quarter distributions to shareholders consisted of $372 million in dividends and $230 million in share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $464 million shares outstanding. Slide 5 compares second quarter and first quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings increased over $800 million, mainly driven by Refining. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. Transportation adjusted net income for the quarter was $137 million, in line with the previous quarter. Increased volumes following the completion of first quarter refinery turnarounds and higher Bakken pipeline equity earnings were offset by asset impairments and seasonal maintenance. NGL and other adjusted net income was $50 million, down $23 million, reflecting positive inventory impacts in the first quarter of about $20 million. We continue to run well at the Sweeny hub. During the quarter, the export facility averaged 10.5 cargoes a month and the fractionator average 109% utilization. While improved, U.S. Gulf Coast to Asia LPG export margins remain challenged. DCP Midstream had adjusted net income of $15 million in the second quarter and $9 million decrease from the previous quarter. The first quarter included a $9 million benefit due to timing of incentive distributions. The impact from increased volumes during the quarter was offset by seasonal operating and maintenance costs. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 7. Second quarter adjusted net income for the segment was $262 million, $30 million higher than the first quarter. In Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted net income increased $23 million from the ramp up of the new ethane cracker and polyethylene units. Global O&P utilization was 95% in the second quarter. Adjusted net income for SA&S increased $14 million from the completion of first quarter turnarounds. CPChems other adjusted net cost increased due to lower capitalized interest following completion of the U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. Next, on Slide 8, well cover Refining. Crude utilization was 100%, compared with 89% in the first quarter. Our second quarter clean product yield was 84%. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $60 million, a decrease of $185 million from the previous quarter. Refining second quarter adjusted net income was $911 million, up $822 million from last quarter. Across our regions, the increased earnings were due to higher realized margins, as well as higher volumes and lower costs following the completion of first quarter turnarounds. WRB equity earnings also increased this quarter due to the completion of turnarounds at the Wood River and global refineries. The market crack increased 13% during the quarter. Our realized margin improved 32% to $12.28 per barrel, up from $9.29 per barrel last quarter. The increased margin capture was primarily due to the widening Brent WTI spread, discounts on U.S. inland crudes and improved heavy crude differentials. Capitalizing on our integrated infrastructure and supply network, we sourced more advantaged crudes into our Refining system in response to widening differentials. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the second quarter was $14.86 per barrel, compared to $13.12 per barrel in the first quarter. Our realized margin for the second quarter was $12.28 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 83%, up from 71% in the first quarter. Market capture was impacted in part by the configuration of our of refineries. We made less gasoline and more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $2.81 per barrel were higher than the previous quarter by $1.34, primarily due to rising crude prices. Feedstock improved realized margins by $3.15 per barrel, which was $1.52 per barrel better than the prior quarter due to improved crude differentials. The other category mainly includes costs associated with product differentials, RINs, outgoing freight and inventory impacts. This category reduced realized margins by $0.75 per barrel, compared with $2.08 per barrel in the prior quarter. The improvement was driven by lower rent costs and improved clean product realizations. Lets move to Marketing and Specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted second quarter net income was $195 million, $21 million higher than the first quarter. In Marketing and Other, seasonally higher volumes and improved West Coast and Central Region margins contributed to increased earnings. We reimaged over 250 domestic marketing sites during the quarter, bringing the total to over 1,700 since the start of the program. We continue to see strong export demand during the quarter with 200,000 barrels per day of refined product exports. Specialties adjusted net income increased $5 million from improved base oil margins. On Slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted net costs of $183 million this quarter, compared with $162 million in the prior quarter. The $21 million increase reflects higher interest expense and taxes. Slide 12 highlights the change in cash during the quarter. We entered the quarter with $842 million in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations, excluding the impact of working capital was $1.7 billion. Working capital changes increased cash flow by $692 million, primarily from increased net payables, as Refining returned to normal operating levels following the first quarter turnarounds. During the quarter, we funded $538 million of capital expenditures and investments, returned $602 million to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of shares and repaid $250 million of debt. Our ending cash balance was $1.9 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next, Ill cover a few outlook items for the third quarter. In Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. This reflects the Cedar Bayou ethane cracker at the recently increased capacity of 3.5 billion pounds per year. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expenses to be between $60 million and $80 million. We anticipate Corporate and Other costs to come in between $170 million and $190 million after-tax. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey, thanks.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Greg and Kevin. I appreciate the comments there and congrats on a good quarter. I want to talk a little bit about the captures, because they certainly came in better than what we expected on the Refining segment. And hey, can you just help us understand what drove the delta versus maybe what you guys were even modeling internally? And I suspect, part of it has to do with the way were modeling the crude capture versus the product capture, if that makes sense, just to have a tendency to have more of the crude discounts drop to the pre-tax margin. But just that, any of those deltas would be helpful in terms of framing the go-forward?
Greg Garland: Yes. I think, Refining performed exceptionally well in the quarter averaging 100% utilization. So I think, the most important thing is, we were up and running well in a strong margin environment. Turnaround expenses were down substantially quarter-on-quarter and that brought down operating costs. It increased volumes and helped improve yield. We also took advantage through our integrated supply network to capture crudes. We benefited from the wide WTI Brent differential. We benefited from inland crudes trading at steeper discounts, including Canadian heavy, Bakken and Permian crudes, as well as improved heavy discounts on the Gulf Coast and on the West Coast as well. We also saw some improvement in product price realizations, especially on the Gulf Coast and in the West Coast as well. And I think finally, RINs costs were cut in half during the quarter, so that helped capture rates as well.
Neil Mehta: No, that  thats helpful color. I want to build on that WCS point, because weve seen the differentials really widened out here. You guys import more WCS than anybody else. So can you just kind of talk about how you see that playing out through the balance of this year and into 2019 ahead of Enbridge Line 3 and before the IMO impact?
Greg Garland: Sure. We had the Syncrude outage this summer, which supported WCS temporarily. But it  now that project is starting to come back on. We expect additional volumes in August and September. Fort Hills is continuing with its impressive Brent towards 200,000 barrels a day potentially higher. As we look at maintenance activity, pad two has well above average refinery maintenance planned for the fall, and some of that is going to reduce the demand for WCS as well. So we see a seasonal opening of WCS discounts this fall. We expect the discount to be set by rail, assuming there is sufficient rail capacity, which would be the equivalent of kind of a WTI minus 20. If rail is not sufficient, it could be wider. When you look at the Canadian exports by rail, we did see a new high in April, 190,000 barrels a day, but thats only about  only slightly higher than the average of 130,000 barrels a day last year. So were getting a little bit more rail, but not substantially more. So we expect WCS discounts to be attractive for at least the next 18 months and potentially longer.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning and really great quarter here, I think, we have to say. I would like to come at it from the Refining utilization side. 100% utilization weve seen from the DOE stats, really good performance for the whole industry. I was just curious, is this a function of that really is utilization or maybe there has been some increases in capacity that arent exactly being measured properly, not so much for you, but maybe for the industry? And then how should we think about running above utilization levels as we roll into an IMO-driven event next year?
Greg Garland: Well, in our case Roger, certainly, we came out of a heavy turnaround in the first quarter. We came up. We ran really well. And given the market opportunities available to us, I think, currently run. I suspect that were in a period, where this may come in just a little bit, but then as we come back into the maintenance season in the fall, youre going to see those just open back up in many cases. IMOs going to be a nice tailwind, I think, for the industries as we start moving into 2019, particularly the back-half of 2019. And so I think that were pretty constructive on both the supply and demand side. Weve got a strong economy going. And you think about the opportunities that come in 2019, were pretty constructive on that. I dont know, Jeff, you want to add anything color on the IMO.
Jeff Dietert: No, I think thats all accurate. I think, the IMO is going to benefit complex refining. And so I would expect higher utilization of the complex refineries in the U.S. and in our portfolio higher utilization at coking capacity, which were an industry leader there. And so I think, theyll continue to be focused on running well certainly within our portfolio.
Roger Read: Yes, I appreciate that. I guess, thats what Im trying to get at is, if you ran at 100% this quarter and the anticipation is that, margins would be even more favorable in the latter part of 2019 into 2020. I mean, do we think about this as you can run it 102% or 103% or something like that, or is there something else that we should be focused on like this kind of is it, and so you just have to simply work your way within the system as it is?
Greg Garland: Well, just a couple of points. I think that even in our second quarter, were probably about 3.5% due to downtime, due to unplanned downtime and turnaround activity during the quarter. So obviously, we had assets that they ran well above the 100% level coming into it. The other thing I would say, weve come through two heavy turnaround here in 2018 and 2017 for us. And so were really, I think, from a portfolio standpoint, turnaround standpoint, well positioned for 2019 and 2020 to run well.
Roger Read: I appreciate that. And then as you look at secondary impacts of the IMO here potential for some of the weaker competitors out there really outside the U.S. to get pushed out. Any thoughts about how that will effect crude flows or product demand?
Jeff Dietert: Well, I think, the refineries that produce high percentage of fuel oil are going to be the ones that are going to stretch  stressed a lot of Latin American refineries fall in that category. Well have to see how the product flows just that were focused on our portfolio and making sure we can meet the standards across all our refineries.
Roger Read: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good afternoon, good morning. First question just on the Chemicals. Could you just elaborate a little bit about what kind of contribution you think you saw from the cracker in the second quarter? What kind of start-up costs may have still been incurring? And just kind of try to tie it back to your mid-cycle guidance kind of adjusted on a quarterly run rate basis, if you have anything on that?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Phil, its Kevin. Id say, as you look at the second quarter, you certainly have some ramp-up in terms of utilization. So its not  you dont have a complete quarter of contribution from those assets. Although by the end of the quarter, we were at a very healthy utilization rates. I dont think some of that expenses were anything to really move the needle in the quarter. There may be  there may have been a little bit, but its just not material. And I think, as we step back and look at this, the mid-cycle guidance that weve talked to previously is still intact. So still expect to generate that incremental EBITDA in the same range of numbers weve talked about in the past.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think moving into the third quarter, we certainly would expect kind of run rate type levels of performance out of that asset. I think  you think about the near-term, so that was up, were up, now ExxonMobils coming up. And so near-term, you could have some compression of margins as these volumes are starting to get absorbed in the marketplace. Offsetting that though  I mean, global economy is strong. You saw the GDP number for the U.S. today. And so weve got great demand on this. And so were still pretty constructive out over the next three to four years of good solid demand growth. And I think that our view is that, theres probably more upside than downside on the margins if you want to look out in kind of this three to four-year window.
Phil Gresh: And, Greg, if I were to think about how that seasoned your timing of a potential second cracker and what are your latest thoughts there?
Greg Garland: Well, I think, you kind of start with the fundamentals. You still have 500,00, 600,000 barrels a day of ethane rejection, theres more come in at. So theres going to plenty of feedstock for the next wave so to speak of crackers. Were funding work on the second cracker today. I think, the FID decision will  is one we obviously havent taken yet, Phil. But I think that, probably late 2019, 2020 is still what were thinking in terms of FID on the next cracker. And we could frankly like that spacing in-between this project and the next project.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And then, Kevin, just on the cash flow and the cash balances and the allocation of that. I know youve talked about wanting to pay some of the debt down that you incurred in the first quarter. Obviously, you got the  some of the working capital reversal and the cash balances built up nicely. So how do you think about the cash balances now and where you want to prioritize for the rest of the year?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So $1.9 billion at the end of the second quarter. Obviously, the first quarter not only impacted by the normal working capital drain that we see in 1Q, but with the Berkshire buyback we drained cash to partly fund that as well, so getting cash back to more comfortable range for us. I think youll see, to the extent, we continue to have strong cash generation. Well probably  wed probably do a bit more of debt pay down, thats probably running a little bit higher than wed like it to be. I mean, the balance sheet is still strong still with great credit ratings. But wed like to do a little bit more on buybacks  sorry, on the debt paydown.
Greg Garland: Well do some more buybacks, too, Phil. Its okay.
Kevin Mitchell: Thats right there as well as a possibility, and then we talked about the growth projects and the capital program. So we may end up building a little bit more cash. I think, were still  if you look where weve been over the last four or five years or so, weve had been running cash thats been $2 billion to $3 billion certainly for a chunk of that time. So wouldnt surprise me if you end up carrying a little bit more cash for a period of time.
Phil Gresh: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, good morning.
Greg Garland: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Very good quarter.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Paul Cheng: Maybe that, Greg, just curious that in the Refining in this quarter if we have a similar market condition, do you think that is repeatable for your performance or that you think that this is heavy or the start is not yet right for you guys and would be difficult to repeat it?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that were set up to run well. And in terms of utilization that we dont have a lot of big turnaround in front of us coming into the third quarter from that standpoint. I think that the  definitely the marketplace this brings of our portfolio. I think our commercial and supply folks did a really nice job getting the right crews to front, the refineries and then guys in refineries did a great job of running those crews and creating value. But as I look out into third quarter, fourth quarter, Im still constructive on refining kind of going forward. So whether we can repeat $1.3 billion quarter or not, I cant forecast that for you today. But I do think that that Refining is going to do well coming into the third quarter.
Paul Cheng: Since the margin near-term bottom in May, June, they have been recovering in the last several days that have seen a certain surge. Just curious that have you guys see any theory behind why that the last several days that we see such a strong movement in the product margins?
Jeff Dietert: I think, its mainly driven by utilization. We saw very strong utilization early in the summer and in June and that drove gasoline prices down into the quarter relatively soft in 2Q. Since that time, weve seen utilization come down. Demands remained relatively healthy on the gasoline side. And now gasoline cracks are back up to the middle or slightly above the five-year range. On the diesel side, were seeing really strong demand 9% up year-on-year, and thats driven by strong trucking activity with 8% increase year-on-year. Rail movements are up 3.7% year-on-year, and were seeing strength in the areas where oil drilling activity is ongoing as well. And the distillate inventories are at the low-end or actually below the five-year range on an absolute and days of demand cover basis. So distillate looks totally strong.
Paul Cheng: Yes, thank you. I mean, all those are great information. Im just curious that, because typically, those are not going to meet your [indiscernible] for the last several day a sudden jump. So wondering that marketing people have seen any news or anything out there saying that have all of the sudden happened in the last several days that may have triggered such a substantial move?
Kevin Mitchell: There has been some unplanned downtime, some heat related power issues, but nothing more broader  more specific than that.
Paul Cheng: And can you tell us that how much is the heavy oil youve run in the U.S. in the second quarter comparing to the first quarter or the second quarter last year as a percentage?
Kevin Mitchell: It was up slightly, I dont have that off the top of my head, but Id be happy to get back with you.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And for CapEx, Kevin, that the previous range that you guys given, is this still a good range even if we assume that youre going to make more money and have more cash?
Kevin Mitchell: The CapEx, Paul?
Paul Cheng: Yes?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So, as you know, weve just recently sanctioned two large Midstream projects at a consolidated level. Obviously, Gray Oak Pipeline being done at the MLP, but that rolls up into the consolidated number. So year-to-date spends running lower, so were just under $900 million year-to-date, the consolidated budget is $2.3 billion. But we are seeing the spend rate to pick up and we would expect that to continue into the second-half of the year. So at this point, Id say, theres potential that we could go a little bit over the $2.3 billion budget in aggregate. I dont think it would be significantly above that. I mean, we  I would guess at this point, it would be somewhere between $2.3 billion $2.5 billion for the year. Obviously, as the next few months go by, well have much better visibility into where thats going to end up.
Paul Cheng: How about the next several years, Kevin? Should we still assume about $2.5 billion type of range, or its going to be higher?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I would. I think, in overall terms, the $2 billion to $3 billion a year of CapEx is a good guidance to go with so.
Paul Cheng: Two final question, quick one. One, do you guys think that we have will have sufficient crude export capability in the Gulf Coast if, say, over the next two or three years. We will continue to increase the volume that we need to export by 0.5 million to 1 million barrel per day a year. And whether that that is a business you guys also want to get into more? And secondly, that when you contact with your government people, do you think that theres a  we a high -risk that IMO 2020 end up being pushed out because of a potential backslash if what we expect in terms of the rapid rise in the product prices come to materialize? Thank you.
Jeff Dietert: All right. Yes, Paul, I would say, we do see a big opportunity for exports across oil and products. As part of the Gray Oak expansion, weve got the South Texas Gateway. And as we look at the majority of the large pipe  long-haul pipelines, they have got export options. And so we see export capability being added. We believe most of the incremental production is going to get exported. And so we do see that opportunity and see the market addressing it. With regard to IMO, we are gaining confidence in the implementation date. The IMO certainly is emphasizing moving forward. When you look at the other fuels have already reduced sulfur and bunker fuel is a small percentage of total transport demand, but it makes up the vast majority of SO2 emissions. And so I think there is incentive to move forward. We see recent announcement out of China announcing that theyre going to increase their marine fuel regulations to require the 0.5 sulfur next year and then taking it down to 0.1% sulfur in the following year. Weve seen the IMO focus on inspections on both the import and export facilities. And so we see this moving forward on 1/1/2020. There may be or we would expect that there would be a system set up in the event that supply is not available on a one-off basis that there may be a waiver, but it would be short-term in nature and specific to particular incidents.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin Jenkins: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I guess, maybe starting in the Permian, I appreciate all the additional details on the Gray Oak project. But is it right to think that the scope of that project is being designed that it can be taken all the way to the $1 million a day number with pretty little incremental capital from the 800 a day starting point?
Greg Garland: Well, were putting in 30-inch pipes, so that kind of tells you that its going to be a pretty easy lift to get to the 1 million barrels a day. So, yes, I think that with lot of interest still in the Permian and takeaway capacity, I think, were pleased with where were at in terms of project execution. Youve got the still on order essentially lined up the contractors. And, yes, so the project is really on track. So were pleased with where were at.
Justin Jenkins: Perfect, I appreciate that. And then maybe following up on Phils question on capital allocation. How should we think about M&A, if at all, in that process, maybe especially with some of the Midstream packages out there today?
Greg Garland: Well, I think, we like everyone else kind of looks at everything thats out there. Things still look really pricey to us, particularly in the Midstream space, as you think about the opportunity to create value. We have such a great organic profile in front of us that we dont feel like we need to rush out and do something in terms of the M&A space today. But well continue to watch it if we create value by doing it. Were certainly willing to do. Weve got the balance sheet and the capability to do it, if the right opportunity happens to come our way.
Justin Jenkins: Great. Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Kevin, maybe I could, if I could go back to the cash question. Youve got a nice distribution obviously from CPChem this quarter. Im just curious those are kind of broad idea of how this might evolve. Is that a biannual distribution? How do you expect that to look going forward? And is there a level of cash that you want to get back to? I think you kind of suggest that you want to obviously want to build a little bit more cash after the buyback the Berkshire buyback and so on? Is there a level of cash you want to get to? And I guess, as a bolt-on to that, the balance between share buybacks and dividends latest thoughts and Ive got a quick macro follow-up, please?
Kevin Mitchell: Okay. So in terms of absolute cash level, Id say, theres not a target level. Theres not a number very comfortable with where we are today. So I think of  when we were $800 million at the end of the first quarter, thats a bit lower than wed like to be. So youre probably looking at something north of $1.5 billion-plus, $1.5 billion to $3 billion is a very comfortable range to be in, but not targeting any one particular number on that. In terms of CPChem cash distributions, there is no set schedule on distributions. So weve guided to $600 million to $800 million this year. The increase  significant increase from where we have been and its driven by a function of higher operating cash flow within new assets coming online, as well as much lower capital spending at the CPChem level. Now ideally, a quarterly distribution would be perfect, but it doesnt necessarily play out like that. So its somewhat dependent on how the cash balances at CPChem move over month-to-month and as a board we kind of work through what the appropriate distributions are going to be. So ratable would be nice and it probably will be not too far off a ratable, but it can still be somewhat lumpy there, and those are third one.
Greg Garland: Can I just comment on that just a little bit?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes.
Greg Garland: I mean, the Board can decide what to do at CPChem. But the basis of the foundation agreements are, as we really dont hold a lot of cash at CPChem. We tend to distribute the cash out. Obviously, we wont hold enough cash to do the capital programs. So whatever is going on at CPChem, but its kind of a basic fundamental tenet of the joint venture we tend to distribute the cash.
Kevin Mitchell: Okay.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Greg. Sorry, Kevin, the last one embedded in there was any change in the thoughts of buyback dividend balance?
Kevin Mitchell: Really not, so the principles around the dividend secure, growing, competitive and obviously you saw the 14% increase last quarter and then buybacks, well look at that on a intrinsic value. Well look at where the shares are trading relative to our view of intrinsic value. Weve guided to $1 billion to $2 billion per year range in normal circumstances, obviously this year is a little bit unique with the large transaction we did last quarter, but in overall terms no change.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I wonder if I could just go to my macro question then, Ive kind of got two parts if I may. On IMO there was obviously youve been, I think if I may phrase it this way, a little more measured than your expectations of how that may payout and where youve characterized it, but were starting to hear about a new refinery or dormant refineries coming back up. [indiscernible] has been mentioned,[indiscernible] has been mentioned, I think there is a German refineries away this want to be mentioned. Im just curious as to how you could frame your thoughts as to how, how much conviction you have on the scale to potential benefits? And my quick bolt-on is to one of the earlier questions on the export issue, its bit of a random one really, but are we comfortable if the FDX board capacity gets built, the bottle neck gets cleared once the pipelines move and assuming there is no trade wall ramifications from the potential outlets there, Ill leave it there, thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think that, well start and go backwards, that the S4 capacity is probably  is going to get built, I think the infrastructure to clear all the products or this crude NPLs or gas are going to get built, because it just looks like to us that the production is going to go faster than what we can consume at there in the U.S. But I think that fundamental permits that we are going to be exporting all three products is a good one and we actually want to participate in that so you know we talked about Buckeye but we are also by the new year we are going to have Beaumont going from 600,000 to 900,000 barrels a day, you know you think about our  kind of our exports platforms off the U.S. gulf coast, we probably get 10% or 12% expansion capabilities late into those, over the next two years or so. So I think we are trying to position the portfolio to get ready to export more crude and products. And then on IMO, I suspect that people, and were familiar with the German one you just mentioned, we shut it down.
Doug Leggate: Right. I was  well, you can probably speak to the speculation of this private equity was speculating no selling and then.
Greg Garland: We are happy with our position there Doug, lets put it like that. But yes, I think people, I think IMO its kind of perceived as a big opportunity to guy people and people are going to try to play that opportunity to the extent that they can. I think that fundamentally our view hasnt changed. I think that over the next say couple of years that its going to be a nice tailwind for the industry, I mean we can argue about whether it is $5 or $10 on the distillate crack of what its going to be, but I do think when you look out over a long enough timeframe well continue to build global refining capacity and that capacity will get directed to solve that problem. A lot of that capacity is going to go up in the Middle East and in China and India. So I just think that over time that the industry will work its way through this and indeed thats been the history of the industry over a long period of time, its a big opportunities are tend to get competed away over time and so I just dont fundamentally have a different view on that today.
Doug Leggate: Just last one, just a bold-on very quickly, I mean like all you guys have Joe was the same like Valero and Gary have been relatively constructive in the second half, are you factoring in the announcement from Mexico that their entire refinery system could go down for maintenance in the second half of the year in your thoughts?
Greg Garland: Maybe I saw that.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes.
Greg Garland: So that certainly is a nice tailwind.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, it could be a meaningful impact next year, an ongoing trend to the Venezuela refining utilization and Mexico refining Dennis utilization. You know as we think about IMO, there is  well likely take some time, theres not a substantial uptick in capital spending thats underway to meet the IMO specs and these are projects that are capital intensive and long lead time. The high complexity refineries, many of them are running at high utilization rates already. So I think it will be a challenge for the industry, but a challenge we are up for.
Doug Leggate: Thanks everybody, we appreciate your answers.
Operator: Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hey good morning everyone. A question on the crackers, so you guys have already demonstrated above nameplate on that, Im sure that you are not very far along in the debottlenecking process either, any thoughts as to where that could go over time if youve already demonstrated such healthy level?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that with all asset well get better as we get more and more experience running and you know we know that we have some probably low cost cap to bottleneck in that facility too that I think that well be able to address better with you know in the coming quarters, but certainly the asset came up and ran better than our expectations and probably I think its probably the smoothest startup weve seen in the last five of those big assets that we started up.
Brad Heffern: Okay great. And then on the new fracs, you guys obviously put out a cost estimate, no EBITDA number, I would think that the fracs themselves are probably just getting sort of a normal tolling fee if you will, but I know you overbuilt the original one, so Id imagine the whole system should work better together, so any thoughts on what the EBITDA uplift or across the whole hub is?
Greg Garland: Well on the new fracs themselves, if you expect kind of typical type midstream returns and so lets call it 6 to 8 and the facts are probably to the higher end of that the pipes are probably to the lower end of that, and so you can kind of back into it.
Brad Heffern: Okay but is there any uplifts for the existing assets from having  the two new fracs installed?
Greg Garland: Yes, yes theres no, there is no question at all, a large part of the investment for frac one was in infrastructure pipes to get to Bellevue and back to some of the early cabin work that we did, today off of frac one were I dont know 38,000 barrels a day of propane and you were running to export facility 200,000 barrels a day and so that delta between what were making and what were exporting, well are actually brining it from Mt. Bellevue. And so we are buying those barrels in Bellevue today and we are paying a fee to move them on the pipe. And so there are going to be synergies and uplifts by making more of the propane assets at the swingy side to be exported.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse, Please go ahead, your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Hey guys so looking at the ethylene cracker startup over the last decade, all the crackers that came online in Middle East between 2009 and 2012 had some startup issues. One of your peers who achieved mechanical completion in 1Q could not start the cracker for six months, and then run into multiple issues at the start up. Your ethylene cracker has had one of the smoothest starts we have witnessed in the last decade. Most ethylene crackers achieved 70% to 80% design rate, you are already hitting on [indiscernible]. So its pretty impressive Im just trying to understand how you didnt, like what did you guys do so differently that others could not and bucked the trend?
Kevin Mitchell: Well hopefully we learn something over the five times and we are one of the parties that started up and had trouble in the Middle East, I think our last outing our Saudi Polymers project and it took eight months to get that cracker up and running from the time that we started up and we had multiple challenges and issues I think that -- I think we had a dedicated project team of strong ops people on this project from the very beginning on the design, you know all the way to construction the startup of the facility. I think that that, theyre really help, I think as we watch the construction and we were going to the fabrications we had better quality control this time and so we just didnt see the equipment issues starting up this facility. And then the construction  while we were probably late by 6 to 7 months and were disappointing with that, the overall quality of this construction was very, very good.
Manav Gupta: Thats a great job guys. And the second question is, on the Gulf Coast its good to see meaningful contribution from further refining earnings on the Gulf Coast. Can you talk about how Bayou Bridge adds to this positive momentum and the uplift you get once you get the second leg completed?
Greg Garland: Well, no, sorry I think Bayou Bridge is an important asset for us and we are running you know barrels over to our Lake Charles refinery, obviously we get the fee for moving the barrel, but on a general interest basis on I dont know 80,000 90,000 barrels a day, were probably picking up a $1 a barrel or something like that you know for the general interest of the company which is really a strong performance. Were anxious to get the pipe to St. James completed this year. And then were also looking at running the pipe to St. James down to Alliance. So ultimately, we want to connect all of our Louisiana refineries with the Texas Gulf Coast. And from a general interest perspective, we think thats good. And then the other thing I would just say about the Gulf Coast. We import a lot of Canadian heavy down. We run all we can. We sell the rest. But we got Canadian heavy into Sweeny this quarter, some into Lake Charles. Obviously, Lake Charles benefited by the Maya, LLS also. And so just things work its  worked well for us in the Gulf Coast this quarter.
Manav Gupta: Great. And the last question is that, ethane prices have moved up to $0.35 per gallon. And I was wondering if you could talk about how that impacts your entire NGL business and does that actually change your view of how you intrinsically value DCP?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that theres no question NGL prices have moved up. I dont think theyve moved up as much as people expected them to. At this point in the cycle, given 3 cracker startups, each needing about 90,000 barrels a day of ethane. So I mean, we continue to like DCP. Theres no question that a higher NGL prices for the barrel also benefits them. To the extent that were pulling more ethane out of rejection in the areas where DCP contributes, thats also very, very positive towards DCP. But it doesnt fundamentally change our view on DCP. We like DCP. We like the asset footprint that they have in the Eagle Ford, in the Permian, on the Midcontinent, particularly in the DJ basin, so good assets for DCP.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much, guys.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Matthew Blair: Greg, I was wondering, does CPChem have any interest in adding more ethylene derivative capacity? I know you run more of an integrated model here, but were looking at pretty low ethylene spot prices. And if we look out over the next five years or so, we definitely see a lot more cracker capacity coming online than derivative capacity. Im not sure if you agree with that. I think, you mentioned previously that PE demand growth was strong. So what kind of interest, if any, would you have in, say, like a standalone PE unit to take advantage of some of these trends?
Greg Garland: Yes. well, first of all, Id say, if you dont like the ethylene spot price today, just hang around a little bit, because its going to change. I  look, I  CPChem generally runs just slightly long on ethylene. We like to be relatively balanced. And so I wouldnt be surprised to see them add or debottleneck some derivative capacity. To your question, would we build speculative derivative capacity based on someone elses long? I dont think so. And the reason is, we want to capture that value through the full chain. If you look, that value moves, right? Its not always in the derivative, sometimes it moves to the ethylene side. And so we like that integration and be able to stay in that full value chain.
Matthew Blair: Makes sense. And then on heavy Canadian, so Enbridge made some progress on their Line 3 replacement recently. I dont think Phillips is much of a shipper on Enbridge. But regardless, we would add more WCS to the overall U.S. supply mix. How much of an appetite would you have to run additional WCS in either your Central Corridor or Gulf Coast system? Are you pretty maxed out, or could you ramp runs if more supply was available?
Greg Garland: Yes. Were bringing over 500,000 barrels a day of Canadian crude in today. Were the largest importer of Canadian crude. Were probably running about 80% of it or so, I would guess. I dont know, Jeff, if youve got the exact number
Jeff Dietert: Yes.
Greg Garland: but its right in that range. So were kind of maxed out on Canadian heavy today.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, about 80% of that is heavy and were running what we can. Were not big shippers on Enbridge, Matthew.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: Hi, congratulations on a great quarter.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Craig Shere: I understand nothing has really changed in terms of capital allocation and we, at least, want to pay back another $1 billion, maybe $1.25 billion the debt we took out for the share buyback in the first quarter. But it sounds like theres a vision here of maybe a really nice, call it, two, maybe three-year kind of one-time-ish very strong cash flows on the low inventories, but leading into IMO 202. And, of course, the thinking that eventually that will get worked up by the market. But what do you do with a windfall? I mean, if you come up with an extra couple billion dollars and you dont think its repeatable, how do you think about that?
Greg Garland: Look, I  well, first of all, what a great problem to have. And  but I think, our fundamental capital allocation strategy, which has served as well for six years really isnt going to change. We kind of think about this 60-40, 60% of our cash available from all sources. We want to reinvest in our business to the extent that we have opportunities that we can generate acceptable returns. And then 40%, were going to give back to shareholders through a strong, secure growing dividend and share repurchases as long as long were trading below intrinsic value on the share purchase side. So, we continue look three years out, sum of the parts, historical multiples. And if that value is higher than the price of the market, were buying. So were buying today in the market. So, I dont think that fundamental change  that changes. Maybe would we hold a little higher cash, maybe we pay down a little bit more debt along the way. But fundamentally, youre not going to see us change our capital allocation strategy.
Craig Shere: In terms of the reinvestment, we had a little temporary hiatus as we work down some massive project portfolio. And then you announced Gray Oak and Sweeny fracs expansions. How much after that do you think we have? I mean, as we look into the early 2020, do you think theres the ability if the cash flows materially increase to take up to $3 billion to $4 billion in growth CapEx on an annual basis for a couple of years?
Greg Garland: So Ill just come back. I think the portfolio is going to generate $5 billion to $6 billion of cash. Weve got $1 billion of sustaining capital. We want to fund kind of another $1 billion to $2 billion of growth, so call it, $2 billion to $3 billion of capital. So that takes care of that. Weve got $1.5 billion dividend today and that leaves room for another $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases and that kind of all balanced within our means. And so I think that you continue to see us work that. I do think theres going to be other opportunities. Wed like to do frac 4 out there. In the future, there may be more pipe opportunities, more export-oriented opportunities for us as we think about 2020 and beyond. So I think weve got a good run in front of us in terms of just the opportunities that we see around infrastructure, midstream and, of course, the petrochemicals business.
Craig Shere: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Julie, and thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosy or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sharon, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the first quarter were $512 million, or $1.04 per share. We generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow excluding working capital. Our solid earnings reflect the benefit of our diversified portfolio and we've seen positive impacts from U.S. tax reform. Our strategy is designed to generate long-term value for our shareholders and our employees are executing the strategy well. We've achieved significant growth milestones and completed return enhancement projects. We're developing new projects with attractive returns that complement our strategy, and by doing all this well we can continue to reward our shareholders with solid distributions. During the quarter we bought back 35 million of our shares in a single transaction and continued with our share repurchase program. All in, we'll return $3.8 billion to shareholders. Since our company formation in 2012, we've returned over $20 billion through dividends, share repurchases and share exchanges. To put this in perspective, our market cap at inception was $20 billion. Today our market cap is over $50 billion, we repurchased exchange close to 30% of our shares outstanding at the time of the spin. CPChem start-up is new cracker at Cedar Bayou which is one of the largest and most energy efficient crackers in the world. This milestone caps a completion of it's U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. The cracker reached full design rates in April. CPChem also operated well during the quarter and is fully recovered from the hurricane downtime at Cedar Bayou. With major capital spending now complete and contributions from the new petrochemicals project we expect increased distributions from our chemicals joint venture. In midstream, Phillips 66 Partners recently announced it will proceed with the construction of the Gray Oak pipeline system. The pipeline will provide crude oil transportation from the Permian Basin to Gulf Coast destinations including our Sweeney Refinery. An extension open season is underway and will determine the ultimate scope and capacity of the pipeline which could be up to 700,000 barrels per day or more. Assuming the pipeline is fully subscribed the capacity could be expanded to about one million barrels per day. The pipeline is backed by long-term take or pay commitments with primarily investment grade customers and is expected to be complete by the end of 2019. Phillips 66 Partners will be the largest equity owner in this joint venture project. Construction continues on the Bayou Bridge pipeline extension from Lake Charles to St. James, Louisiana. Commercial operations are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2018. Existing segment of the line from our Beaumont Terminal to Lake Charles is operating well and is providing crude optionality to our Lake Charles refinery. PSXP has a 40% ownership in Bayou Bridge. Phillips 66 continues to expand the Beaumont Terminal where we're adding 3.5 million barrels of fully contracted crude oil storage. This project will bring our total crude and product storage capacity at Beaumont to 14.6 million barrels by year end. The Sand Hills pipeline capacity was closed to 400,000 barrels per day at the end of the first quarter, further capacity expansion to over 450,000 barrels a day is anticipated in the second half of 2018. The pipeline transports natural gas liquids from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast of Texas and is owned two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 Partners. DCP continues to progress construction of two 200 million cubic feet per day gas processing plants and the high growth DJ Basin. The Mewbourn 3 plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018 and the O'Conner 2 plant is scheduled for completion in mid-2019. DCP is also participating in the Gulf Coast Express pipeline project in which it holds a 25% interest. The pipeline will provide an outlet for natural gas production in the Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. The pipeline has a total design capacity of approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day and is nearly fully subscribed. The pipeline is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. In refining, we recently completed SEC unit modernization projects at the Bayway and Wood River refineries. At both facilities we replaced the FCC reactor system with state-of-the-art technology. The projects were completed on-time and on-budget. Units have been operating as planned and early operating data is showing an increased field of high value clean products as premise. At the Lake Charles refinery, we completed crude unit modifications to run more domestic crudes which improves our supply optionality. Additional improvements are planned to be completed in the fourth quarter. Finally, we're very honored that four of our refineries were recently recognized by the AFPM for excellent safety performance in 2017. Our Bayway refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award which is the highest annual safety award given by or industry. The Sweeney Alliance and Woodward refineries were also recognized for their Top Tier safety excellence. I'm very proud of the people of Phillips 66 and their strong commitment to our safety culture. So with that I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. Starting with an overview on Slide 4, first quarter earnings were $524 million. We had special items that netted to a gain of $12 million. After excluding special items, adjusted earnings were $512 million or $1.04 per share. Operating cash flow excluding working capital was $1.3 billion. Capital spending for the quarter was $328 million with $171 million spent on growth projects. First quarter distributions to shareholders consisted of $3.5 billion in share repurchases and $327 million in dividends. Slide 5 compares first quarter and fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings decreased by $36 million driven by lower refining results, mostly offset by improvements in chemicals, midstream and marketing; highlighting the benefit of our diversified portfolio. Slide 6 shows our midstream results; transportation adjusted net income for the quarter was $136 million, up $28 million from the prior quarter. The increase was primarily due to lower taxes and operating costs. Volumes were lower in the first quarter due to the impact of turnarounds at certain of our refineries. NGL and other adjusted net income was $73 million compared with $20 million in the fourth quarter. Our first quarter earnings reflect improved realized margins and positive inventory impacts. We continue to one run well at our Sweeny Hub [ph] this quarter averaging about nine cargos a month at the export facility, and 95% utilization at the fractionator. However U.S. Gulf Coast to Asia margins remain challenged. DCP Midstream had adjusted net income of $24 million in the first quarter. The $10 million increase from the previous quarter was due to the timing of incentive distributions, hedging gains and lower taxes. The increase was partially offset by lower volumes. DCP has steadily improved it's financial condition, EBITDA is growing, it's generating positive cash flow and making distributions to our owners [ph]. Turning to Chemicals on Slide 7; first quarter adjusted net income for the segment was $232 million, $111 million higher than the fourth quarter. In olefins and polyolefins, adjusted net income increased $129 million from higher margins and volumes reflecting the Cedar Bayou facilities return to full operations. Global O&P utilization was 96%, up from 79% in the fourth quarter. Adjusted net income for SA&S decreased by $16 million due to turnarounds. In Refining; crude utilization was 89% compared with 100% in the fourth quarter. Clean product yield was 83%, a decrease of 4 percentage points. Both, our utilization and clean product yield were lower due to turnaround impacts. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $245 million, an increase of $146 million from the previous quarter; this excludes the turnaround costs for our joint venture WRB. Realized margin was $9.29 per barrel, up from $8.98 per barrel last quarter. Although the market crack decreased 6%, our actual realized margins improved 3% from wider crude differentials, specifically heavy Canadian. The chart on Slide 8 provides a regional view of the change in adjusted net income. In total, refining's first quarter adjusted net income was $89 million, down $269 million from last quarter due to lower volumes and higher costs associated with turnarounds; this decrease was partially offset by higher realized margins. In the Atlantic Basin, the $193 million decrease in adjusted net income was mostly due to a major turnaround at the Bayway refinery. The Gulf Coast adjusted net income decreased $71 million mainly due to turnarounds at the Sweeney and Alliance refineries. Adjusted net income in the central corridor was $203 million, an increase of $11 million from higher realized margins driven by Canadian crude oil differentials. The impact from the fourth quarter completion of Ponca City refinery turnaround was more than offset by first quarter turnarounds at the Wood River and Boga [ph] refineries. In the West Coast, adjusted net income decreased $16 million from the previous quarter mainly due to lower volumes. Slide 9 covers market capture [ph]; the 3:2:1 market crack for the first quarter was $13.12 per barrel compared to $13.98 in the fourth quarter. Our realized margin for the first quarter was $9.29 per barrel resulting in an overall market capture of 71%, up from 64% in the fourth quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. We made less gasoline and more distillate on premise in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $1.47 per barrel were lower than the previous quarter by $0.52 per barrel. Feedstock advantage improved realized margins by $1.63 per barrel which was $0.81 per barrel better than the prior quarter from the widening WTI/WCS differential. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. This category reduced realized margins by $2.08 per barrel compared with $2.39 per barrel in the prior quarter. The improvement was driven by lower RINs costs. Let's move to marking and specialties on Slide 10. Adjusted first quarter net income was $174 million, $50 million higher than the fourth quarter. In marketing and other, the $42 million increase in adjusted net income was due to improved realized margins and lower taxes and operating costs; this was partially offset by lower volumes. During the first quarter we exported 190,000 barrels per day of refined products, we continue to see strong export demand during the quarter. Specialties adjusted net income was $45 million, an increase of $8 million from the prior quarter mainly due to lower taxes. During the first quarter we completed the restructuring of our XL Power Loops [ph] lives joint venture, both partners contributed their base oil businesses to the venture to create an integrated manufacturing and marketing business. The JV restructuring provides XL Power Loops [ph] with greater agility to provide quality base oil solutions to our customers. On Slide 11 the corporate and other segment had adjusted net costs of $162 million this quarter compared with $140 million in the prior quarter. The $22 million increase reflects the ongoing impact of lower tax rates on our corporate costs. Slide 12 highlights the change in cash during the quarter. We entered the year with $3.1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations excluding the impact from working capital was $1.3 billion. Working capital changes reduced cash flow by about $800 million largely due to normal seasonal inventory builds. We funded approximately $300 million of capital expenditures and investments, and we distributed $3.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase of over 37 million shares, and in the quarter with 466 million shares outstanding. We also received $1.5 billion from the issuance of debt. Our ending cash balance was $842 million. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In the second quarter in chemicals we expect a global O&P utilization rates to be in the mid-90s. In refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expenses to be between $90 million and $120 million. We anticipate second quarter corporate and other costs to come in between $170 million and $190 million after-tax. The increased guidance reflects interest expense associated with our first quarter issuance of debt. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And you have a question from Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody and congratulations on having the financial strength to be able to repurchase 7% of your equity in one quarter, we don't see that often, that's pretty impressive. So my question is about AMO 2020 and specifically, how you guys are thinking about the type of products that are likely to be provided to the market as it seems that many of these deals are still in the design phase and there is still lot of unknowns in that area? And when you think about marine fuel blends, how challenging the issues of compatibility and stability are likely to be? And also availability along the marine field network as the market goes through the transition in coming years. So two questions on AMO 2020.
Greg Garland: While we know the star -- the sulfur content of marker fuels, we don't have the detailed specifications yet, they're still evolving. We do expect a significant influx of diesel into the bunker category, we talked about last quarter kind of 2 million to 3 million barrels a day, increased diesel demand. Secondly, we do expect low sulfur cat cracker feed to be an attractive stock for bunker fuels as well which will support the gasoline markets also. We're expecting the turnover of tanks and blending infrastructure to start next year perhaps some time around mid-year and so it's a big shift and we're preparing for that. I think one of the things that I would mention is just that our portfolio -- our existing refining assets are well positioned for this IMO transition, we've got very high distilled yield, about 41% last year, $1 a barrel distillate change margin is $300 million in EBITDA. In addition, we expect fuel oil to weigh on heavy crude prices. We have heavy crude of about 700,000 barrels a day or about 35% of our total portfolio. We have more coking capacity at 470,000 barrels a day than the peers, every dollar per barrel change in heavy crude discount is about $250 million in EBITDA. So our portfolio is well positioned the way it stands today.
Doug Terreson: It sounds like it -- I just wanted to follow-up on your point about diverting vacuum gas all around the crack or straight to the marine fuel pool. I mean it seems that that would surely enhance marine fuel supply but it also seems like it would come at the expense of gasoline supply and that might make it somewhat of a zero sum game. So would you disagree with that, number one? Number two, how commonly is that practice been employed in the industry; meaning is this something that you guys have done frequently or have we seen this before?
Greg Garland: This is something that we expect to be more of a new activity which converting from Max gasoline to Max diesel during the summer months as well as pulling some of the cat cracker feed. I think we'll support gasoline margins as well as supporting diesel cracks.
Operator: Next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: First question I had was just around capital spending. I know it's really early in the year but CapEx was below -- certainly, the annualized run rate that you've kind of guided to -- can you just speak to the guidance and whether there is a downward factors to it and just the timing of spend as well?
Greg Garland: Neil, I think we're consistent with the guidance around the 2:3. I think that we were a little lie the first quarter and we knew we were going to be when we put the plan in place but 2:3 is still good guidance for us this year.
Neil Mehta: Second question on the quarter; Midstream big part of the beat, NGL and other was a driver of that and other some inventory benefits there, can you just kind of speak to what some of those dynamics were and how we should think about the run rate going forward?
Kevin Mitchell: As you look at that, so I think the NGL segment reported $73 million of income in the quarter. About $20 million of that is associated with inventory LIFO related items, nothing specifically unusual in what happened, it's just that the magnitude and it's positive in the quarter and these things will happen from time to time and it can go in the opposite direction also. But as you look at that and try and think about our run rate going forward, you probably ought to back out somewhere in the order of $20 million from what we reported in the first quarter.
Neil Mehta: That's helpful. And last question for me; on Permian differentials you guys have a good perspective on this, it's just over the next two years their absence of major pipeline is still the back half of 2019; how do we get the crude to market from West Texas?
Greg Garland: I think it's a good question. You're correct, the next major pipelines are scheduled for the back half of 2019. We saw about 750,000 barrels a day of new capacity that was added late last year and early this year, and it certainly appears that that pipeline capacity is filling up more rapidly than anticipated. As we look at alternative route options, trucking is one. That's kind of a $12 a barrel movement at this point although that's not going to be a steady number. A typical truck can haul about 180 barrels of crude, it's roughly a 500-mile haul from the Permian to the Gulf Coast, it's a day -- 2-day round trip, so you need 100 trucks to move 10,000 barrels a day. It's not really realistic to expect to move 100,000 barrels a day or 200,000 barrels a day, it's just not really practical. From a rail perspective, there is not a lot of rail facilities. Most of the rail facilities in the Permian Basin are now designed for frac sand and not crude movement, and so that's not a great option. So we are in need of new pipeline capacity serving the Permian Basin. I think there's a lot of talk on the crude side and when you look at the Midland differential to East Houston, it's out to $9 a barrel, when there was enough infrastructure that was kind of $3 a barrel differential. When you look at natural gas as well, waha [ph] prices have declined about $1 in MMBTU relative to where they were last year, and that sets a lower price for natural gas and ethane rejection; so we may see some additional ethane production coming out of the Permian Basin as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez: First one is just more housekeeping, probably for Kevin. The tax rate seemed really low in the quarter, I'm just trying to figure out if that's maybe some one-off issues driving that or if that's kind of sustainable?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes Blake, it is a little bit low and it really reflects the mixed effect of certain items in the portfolio; so the higher proportion of international earnings than I would say normal in part because of the amount of U.S. refining turnaround activity we had, so relatively low U.S. refining earnings contribution. Some of that dynamic as you look in the chemical segment, the Middle East joint ventures that CPChem has -- so that's in Qatar and Saudi Arabia, those are equity method accounting accounted at the CPChem level and those equity earnings are after-tax. So the entities themselves pay tax and that flows through after-tax. And so that has the impact of reducing the overall effective tax rate and it's more pronounced than a period where the other pre-tax income is lower because of -- for example, turn around impacts. You also have the effect of non-controlling interest in the effective tax rate calculation. We factor that into our overall guidance range effective tax rates but again when the rest of the portfolio is in a relatively low earnings quarter it has a slightly bigger impact. So all in, as we look at where this -- where we expect this to be on an ongoing basis, we'd still come back to -- it should be low 20s from an effective tax rate standpoint.
Blake Fernandez: Got it, thank you. Greg I'll go out on a limb and assume that the buyback level of $3.8 billion in the first quarter is not sustainable. As we kind of get our bearing straight after that big slug; do you have any thoughts around the way we should think about that moving forward?
Greg Garland: Yes, I think we'll stick with our guidance of $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases in 2018. We maybe towards the lower end of the range given what we've done in the first quarter but yes, we'll still be buying shares, we're buying today.
Operator: Next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh: First question is just on some of the cash flow items, I guess that's for Kevin. The ending cash balance obviously given the repurchase in the quarter; how do you think about managing the cash balances and where you'd like to have them? And I guess a related question to that is -- should we be thinking of dropdowns to PSXP as a -- I guess the driver of some cash that would potentially make it's way to the parent company this year or with the organic opportunities available at PSXP is that not necessarily something that we would be thinking about?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes Phil, so a couple of comments on that. Obviously the drawdown in the cash was a function of the buyback, so we did a $3.3 billion buyback with Berkshire and we issued $1.5 billion of debt; so we consumed a fair amount of cash in doing that. Part of the reason we were able to do that is, if you think back to tax reform and the ability to get access to cash that previously was -- it wasn't trapped internationally but there was a greater cost to accessing that cash, and so we've taken advantage of that. And so what that means is, on a go-forward basis we have the ability to utilize more -- get more access to overall available cash balances. In terms of as you look out the year, we typically don't give what we haven't given guidance on dropdown plans around that. But as we commented or stated in the PSXP earnings release, we're not that far from our stated 2018 EBITDA guidance at the MLP level. So there is potential with organic growth projects underway at the MLP. Dropdown needs would be pretty minimal from an MLP growth standpoint and I wouldn't imagine we'd be in a situation where we would just force a draw to provide funding back up to the parent; all those decisions are made from us at a long-term MLP growth perspective.
Phil Gresh: That's very helpful, thanks. I guess the second question; a bit more of a strategic one for Greg. Just thinking about the current environment for chemical margins, obviously your cracker coming on-stream sounds like it's going really well in terms of the startup. If you look at the margin profile out there, ethylene margins are challenged but the full chain margins are still holding in pretty strongly. So how do you think about the chemical environment and what it might mean for the timing of a second cracker?
Greg Garland: Well, I mean first of all it was a great startup, I think it's one of the better startups we've had in the last few that we've executed. So kudos to the CPChem folks who are doing a great job to get that cracker up and running it at full rates. The derivatives were up in the fourth quarter last year, Dow is up and so we've been up since really the fourth quarter and the market -- so the market facing element of those projects are out there in the markets and you look at kind of the full chain margin which is what we really care about, what that's spread between ethane and say polyethylene, and particularly high density polyethylene and as you said, those margins are pretty similar. So we've been able to move the products into the markets without a really detrimental effect on the margins at this point in time, the chain margin; and I think that really speaks to the demand that we're seeing out there, we're seeing good fundamental demand growth in North America, Europe, Asia for petrochemicals but specifically for polyethylene. You've got ExxonMobil coming up later this year, then you have two crackers coming up in '19, and what's happened -- we thought these crackers are all going to hit in 2017, it just didn't happen and so they are getting spaced out and the markets being able to absorb these volumes that are coming on -- couple with good demand growth globally. And so as we start thinking about that next cracker, we like what we see in terms of NGL supply, increasing NGL is coming particularly out of Permian but from the U.S. Gulf Coast is a good place to build the next cracker we believe. We're still kind of 2019 probably for an FID on that facility.
Operator: Next question comes from Mina [ph] with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: I had a quick question on the Mitcon [ph] results which were very strong. So I'm trying to understand how much of WCS you were running in the Mitcon and did you actually uptake the intake of WCS in your Mitcon system which got reflected in those very high capture?
Greg Garland: We imported 550 million of Canadian imports on average for 2017 or 1,000 million, sorry, thank you. And some of that was for -- our net -- we were about 450 million and 80% of that was Canadian heavy. And -- so that's the range of what we'd expect to run on an annual basis, we don't intend on updating that on a quarterly basis but we continue to import as we could on the Canadian heavy front.
Unidentified Analyst: Jeff, my phone up is on the question that Phil also asked was; I'm trying to understand were you actually shot ethylene in 1Q '18 because what I'm trying to get to is the $232 million net income you reported; would that have been like $250 million and $260 million had your ethylene cracker actually been running and you were not shot of ethylene in that period?
Jeff Dietert: No, weren't short of ethylene. We had an ethylene inventory and there was plenty of ethylene available in the industry and I think that's what you're seeing in terms of just say ethylene margin itself.
Operator: Next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess if we could maybe hit the midstream segment one more time, I mean that has just been going back to the last year, year and a half; pretty tough sector until the fourth quarter, now the first quarter. So can you kind of walk us through how much of this is sort of market conditions changed, right oil prices recovered and how much of it is -- you know, the new project is coming online as well as just internal restructuring and so forth? And then, maybe kind of help us understand the sustainability here going forward, Exxon oil price continuing to increase, you're holding at these levels.
Greg Garland: I think you want to start -- NGLs have certainly recovered versus say a year ago in terms of pricing. First quarter volumes were seasonally -- they were lower than the fourth quarter or third quarter but that's just seasonal, weather related impacts, particularly around the NGL side for us. You have the Sweeny Hub that's performing albeit not at the level that we would expect if you take the first quarter, then you kind of analyze those results we get to pay $130 million, $140 million of annualized EBITDA out of the Hub. We've laid in the plan as we said previously, $150 million of EBITDA for the Hub this year; and that's against an expectation of kind of $300 million to $400 million without the ARB [ph]. So I think that that asset still has room to go and as we look at the NGLs are coming at us out of the Permian this year, we do think that these across the doc are going to go up to get in the back half of this year and certainly into next year, so we see continued improvement there. We certainly have the new pipe Stapel [ph] is on, Bayou Bridge is on, so a lot of it is around the new assets that we've been bringing on that have been driving this.
Jeff Dietert: Roger, I might just highlight; I know you're aware but in our supplemental reports on Page 6, we identified midstream adjusted EBITDA and if you look at PSXP and other midstream, it generated about $363 million of EBITDA in the first quarter. If you were to annualize that it's about $1.45 billion. We've also got about $300 million of refining assets and that's -- ties back with the $1.8 billion to $2 billion of EBITDA that we've talked about in our presentation material. So that supplemental report will give you a scorecard to keep track on our progress.
Roger Read: And then maybe you could just -- a complete change of direction here; RINs, you mentioned in the presentation part that lower RINs -- it helps out a little bit. Just curious what your expectation is if anything for -- let's call it potential RINs reform as we see '18 unfold.
Greg Garland: So I'd answer the question this way, wherever hopeful. I'm just not sure we're going to get there. There is a lot of good work that's going on, AFPM, API; management teams are in Washington talking to Congress about potential reform. Our view is that it's broke, the system is broke, we need to fix it and so we'll see but I don't hold a lot of hope for 2018. Now some of my friends in the business are a lot more optimistic than I am that we'll get something done in 2018. I guess the other impact that you're seeing is the small refinery exceptions and that has certainly had an impact on the RINs prices. So we'll continue to follow, we'll continue to work it and continue to be hopeful we get to a resolution there.
Operator: Next question comes from Justin Jenkins with Raymond James.
Justin Jenkins: I guess maybe in midstream with the Gray Oak projects, not sure how far I'll get here but have to try. Can we get a ballpark of maybe total capital cost fairly the range on that project? And then along that line maybe the confidence you had to push the spend down directly to PS 60 at the outset here?
Greg Garland: Yes, so two parts. First part is really can't comment, we're an extension open season and the actual volumes that we end up with will dictate the size of the pie, the actual capital cost. You should expect that I would say 45 to 60 days will get this wrapped and then we'll come back and we'll tell you what the capital cost is going to be on the line. And we started at kind of 380 in the open season, I would just tell you we obviously did got more interest than that and that really kind of encouraged us to move on with the extension of the open season. So I think we're really optimistic on the line and we're the ultimate capacity, it lands on that line. And then as you think about the decision of where to place it, we've always said we want to execute as many of the organic projects as we can at PSXP and given this pipeline, we have increased the budget of PSXP for this year and Gray Oak is part of the reason we increased that. But you shouldn't look at that increase as the total cost of the pipeline if you want to think about it that way. So anyway, I think that Gray Oak is a great opportunity for our Company, it's certainly a great opportunity for Phillips 66 Partners, and we'll continue to make decisions about where do we place these projects, either PSX or PSXP obviously. But we'll continue to put as much as we can to PSXP and execute as much organic growth as we can at the MLP and that's very consistent with what we've been saying for the past couple of years.
Justin Jenkins: And I guess shifting gears maybe on cash returns; I understand you answered Phil's question earlier about the buyback but how should we think about maybe the mix of returns going forward? Here we've got a good problem to have with the dividend yield, maybe as low as we can remember in a while but the mix of the buyback versus dividend growth or maybe faster dividend growth going forward?
Greg Garland: Yes, I still think that if you think we're kind of $5 billion to $6 billion of cash at mid-cycle generation we can afford to -- first, $1 billion outstanding capital, the dividends of $1.04 billion, now that gives you a lot of room to grow the dividend but also execute a $1 billion to $2 billion growth program and $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program. And so that's how we continue to think about it at mid-cycle. Certainly as these new projects come on and we're going to add another $1 billion to $1.5 billion of EBITDA that increases our capability to fund or reinvest in the Company but we'll -- we're sticking with the 60:40 guidance, it's going to be really hard to hit that this year because we're already 3:8 distributions against the 2:3 capital budget and we just don't see ourselves really materially changing the capital guidance at this point in time in the year. So we'll be having on the distribution side in '18 but long-term we do like that 60:40 mix.
Kevin Mitchell: And just to add Justin on dividend, no change from what we've said in the past in terms of secure, competitive and growing. So we'll continue to grow the dividend, just because we did the big share buyback this year doesn't preclude us from increasing the dividends as well this year.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug [ph] with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of follow-ups actually on that last question Greg, if I may. Obviously your share price is substantially above when you set the original distribution policy I guess. What about the mix between dividends and buybacks as part of that 60:40 split? Do you see yourself skewing more to back to the dividend or is -- are you kind of agnostic to the share price as it released to where you're buying back shares?
Greg Garland: No, I wouldn't say we are -- well, first of all, on share repurchase it's all intrinsic value. And as we've said, we're using historical multiples and our view of EBITDA essentially, kind of two years out. As long as shares trade below that we're going to be buying shares. When you think about the dividend to Kevin's point; secure growing -- I think investors need to see that we have runway to continue to grow the dividend and we want to grow the dividend every year. We think it needs to be competitive, we look around and kind of what's the S&P to 100 yields or what's the yields of our competitors; and so we make sure we've got a very competitive dividend in the group. So we'll always grow the dividend but we'll grow it within those parameters in the extent that we're balancing between reinvestment and share repurchase, we'll buy the shares in.
Unidentified Analyst: So is it dividends per share or dividends per se; in other words, when you buy back stock is that counted as part of the dividend growth per share or not?
Greg Garland: We're looking at dividends per share.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. So my follow-up is more of a macro question Greg, and it kind of goes back to the dinner you hosted back in December. I think you talked about the IMO issues has been more -- I don't know if it's worse in a month or more kind of transitory when it happens and not something that you would expect to work through the system. I'm just wondering your views of changed or not? I understand you're well positioned for it regardless of what happens but do you see it as more enduring or still somewhat short-lived when it gets implemented in 2020?
Greg Garland: Yes, my own personal view and Jeff can jump in on this if he has to do. This is -- I don't know if it's going to short-lived but I think within a couple years you'll see that actually competed away.
Operator: Next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern: I was wondering on the crude export front, since you guys have Belmont and so on. We're export over 2 million barrels a day now, most people are expecting a million barrels a day of growth in the U.S. So is there the infrastructure in place to or will be in place to export 3 million plus barrels a day next year? And then 4 million in 2020 and on down the line?
Greg Garland: Yes, you're right, we've seen a number of weeks over 2 million barrels a day of exports. We've expanded our capacity at Belmont to go from 400,000 barrels a day to 600,000 barrels a day. You saw we're participating in the Buckeye facility in corpus as well associated with the Gray Oak pipeline. We are seeing the expansion of export capability, it's one part of the value chain that's going to have to grow in order to continue to export and we think the majority of the incremental production is going to be exported. So we think maybe there's 3 million barrels a day capacity today but that number is growing, we don't see an immediate issue there at this point.
Brad Heffern: And then maybe for Kevin; you guys gave the mid-90s utilization guidance for CPChem. I assume that that's off of a new base, so if you could just clarify that if that's the case and if that's for the whole quarter and sort of what the new capacity number is that that 95% is based on?
Kevin Mitchell: Brad, you're correct that with the crackers starting up, the declared commercial operations on it in April, and so that adds it into the denominator from a total capacity standpoint. So the new polyethylene units were already reflected in the denominator, the new cracker is in effective second quarter; so that 96% includes our assumptions around what all the new units will be running.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: Maybe I want to start off on product exports. I mean can you talk about the dynamics that you're seeing right now in product exports due to sequential decrease I think quarter-on-quarter. But it seems like we're also seeing reports that demand to ship is colonial [ph] has dropped to very low levels. I mean what are you seeing in terms of sequential drivers? What are you seeing in terms of relative netbacks, so that you can see domestically versus export and your ability to kind of capitalize on that going forward?
Greg Garland: You're right, our product exports were down 190,000 barrels a day this quarter, about 90,000 barrels a day of that was gasoline and 100,000 barrels a day was diesel. We had refinery maintenance at Alliance in particular that reduced the availability of product that we could put into the export market. We are continuing to see strong demand, continued struggles with refining capacity in Latin America and so we expect that to hold up longer term.
Ryan Todd: And then maybe of a follow-up on -- since you brought up your personal views Greg on the duration of the IMO benefits; how do you think that it gets -- how do you think the ARB [ph] gets competed away. I mean, I don't disagree that it will be but at this point we've seen from for the most part independent refiners holding a relatively good line in terms of incremental investment; you're not planning for any large scale material investments to kind of compete away the ARB [ph]. How does it get competed away and who is that? Is it the majors and the global NOCs of the world and Asia that kind of competes the way they are how do you think that plays out?
Greg Garland: I think you'll see continued investment in Asia in refining capacity, that's a big fuel market obviously. I suspect there will be continued discipline, we don't plan to make big investments, really just swing the portfolio. I think we've got plenty of capability as we sit today, there may be small things that we do along the way but I just -- it's just -- this industry, we just have a long history of being able to compete away really good margins and whether it's $5 or $15 on the distillate crack, I don't know what that's going to be; probably on the low end of that one for a couple years. But I think you're in a time, certainly '19 or '20 when we're going to really like the refining business and the margins and the cash is coming off this business but you know, to get out another three or four years ago it gets really hard to forecast.
Kevin Mitchell: One other thing I would add is we're not seeing the adoption of scrubbers at the pace that we anticipated a few months ago. I think it's been much lower and depending on the availability of the 3.5 [ph] fuel; after the changes are implemented, perhaps there may be a more rapid adoption of scrubbers but that's going to depend on the availability of the fuel and a number of items that are just hard to predict at this time.
Greg Garland: I guess the other thing longer term too in terms of newbuilds in the shipping industry; if you relate the high end of the range I think people have to start talking about LNG and you know other options too. So I mean these things always come into balance by many factors really, we're working on that equation, it's not just going to be refining capacity, it's going to be the choice of the ship owners and we'll see where does it go.
Operator: Next question comes from Prasant Rao [ph] with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: I wanted to ask this a different way, I know we've talked about IMO and the discrete window and Greg I agree this is something that does get competed away. But if you think about increasing clean product yields and specifically you guys have a few projects in 4Q, in trials and then you did a few earlier already. There is a baseline growth of clean product demand globally and export demand, and that feels like something that is more buildable towards. So I wanted to get a sense of IMO aside, what are your thoughts on a multi-year basis in terms of how that ramps? At what point -- how you build towards that in terms of incremental investment, not the IMO impact which feels like just an upside shock but more the secular growth flick could be multi-year that we've seen for several years here; what can we expect in terms of incremental investment towards that?
Greg Garland: From our perspective it's $300 million a year, give or take is what we've been investing in refining to either improve yields or to access more advantage crude, one way or the other. I think the other part of the equation that we haven't talked about today and we could have touched on it in our past discussion but I think we're going to move to a higher octane fuel. And so I think that over a period of whatever 10 or 12 or 15 years, whatever it takes, you will see the industry invest to make a higher octane fuel assuming that gets done here in the next year or so. So I think there will be investable opportunities for refiners and for PSX that are -- what I would say not multi-million dollar investments but solid -- high returning projects for us; and so we'll always do that. The industry itself seems to have the ability, every time we do a turnaround we replace an exchanger that was a bottleneck for us or whatever; and we can create 1% or 2% a year, I think you'll continue to see that happen in the industry as we move forward. So I think it will be a combination of specific investments that people want to make to address the yield or advantage crude and then you to see the general creep [ph] that we tend to have in industry.
Kevin Mitchell: There aren't attractive projects to invest in, we'll continue to buyback stock and reduce the share account and make it accretive that way.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just a follow-up on something; Greg you came a lot of detail on this about the potential for the timing of the second cracker but I wanted to focus more and less on the margins and more on sort of the timing of the shift that we've seen in terms of the majors announcing their plans for petrochemical opportunities and investments and sort of -- over the last few months, how the industry book of projects in valuations may have been moving this and if those dynamics in anyway impact or sharpen your plans in terms of the potential plans for another cracker in the Gulf and in terms of timing how that -- there is a lot of moving parts there, so just wanted to get a sense on that particular piece of it, not necessarily the margin recoveries?
Greg Garland: Well, I mean certainly it's a joint decision between the owners of CPChem and I think we have to have an agreed view of when the appropriate time that cracker is. At the CPChem level we're thinking about how do we move our products into the market in the most efficient manner, and we're the world's largest producer of high density polyethylene and these projects are generally geared towards that although we've added quite a bit of NAO capacity over the past couple of years also. So we're thinking about how do we efficiently move these products into the market; and so that's one thing we think about in terms of the timing decision, obviously NGL supplied feedstock supply those factor into those decisions of where you're going to build it and what are you going to build, ethane or some LPG cracker. And so I think that there's kind of multiple decision points that we go through when we're thinking about the timing on a cracker. One other things we wanted to make sure that there were some daylight in between when this Gulf Coast cracker project one came out and when we would do the second one. And so you kind of think of coming up in '18 and having most of '19; it seems like appropriate timing to us in terms of FID in light '19 and really getting started in earnest in '20 and '21 on the construction.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Chang with Barclays.
Paul Chang: A number of quick questions. Kevin, I think last year or a couple of years ago, you were talking about going forward you may want to keep the consolidate debt to be flat, so that you would reduce some of the C-corp level at the MLP level going up; is that still the objective going forward or that -- I mean over the past couple of years I think all that has been going up. So should we assume in the next 12 to 18 months that the cash flow increase further? Are you going to use a portion of them that trying to pay down your debt?
Kevin Mitchell: Some of this has been a function of -- debt has gone up on a consolidated level over the last year or two, and a big factor there has been the transaction we just did in the first quarter with the large share buybacks, so that added $1.5 billion of debt that we hadn't anticipated doing. But as we look ahead and we see a period of reasonably strong margins, you've got new projects coming online, you've got chemicals with the new assets up and running and expect increased distributions out of chemicals. We think we'll have the ability to pay down some of that debt over the next couple of years or so, I think you kind of got to that point that we have the ability to potentially bring debt back down a $1 billion or $1.5 billion or so over the next couple of years if margins hold in where we think they're going to be.
Paul Chang: But you don't want to do even more than just $1 billion, $1.5 billion from the current rate?
Kevin Mitchell: It depends, I mean it's going to be somewhat dependent on the relative -- the alternative opportunities. The $1.5 billion we just added was clearly incremental debt, so it would be nice to be able to take care of that over the next near-term period, couple of years or so; and then it becomes opportunistic, what's the best use of available cash and it will depend on what the investment opportunities look like, where the share price trades and opportunities around share buybacks, and so it will be that continual sort of balancing act across those capital allocation decisions.
Greg Garland: I think one thing that hasn't changed is really our view that we want to maintain a strong investment grade rating. So I think that really comes into play, we've always said around 30% debt to capital or 31% or so today, so we're slightly over that. But we'd used the 30% as kind of a proxy of a strong investment grade rating. But as we look at the debt and the capacity that we have today, we're comfortable with this level of debt at the Company. And as we said, we've got strong investment grade ratings today.
Paul Chang: Greg, it seems that my understanding of the chemical is as you comment, you know as much as anyone; can you just give us a maybe easy way. With the new event cracker, if we're looking at today's margin, what is the contribution off the net income to you guys going to be?
Greg Garland: Well, from an EBITDA basis, kind of it at today's margins at the CPChem level kind of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. So $500 million to $600 million of EBITDA back to us is an easy way to think about that.
Paul Chang: Okay. So that is -- if today's margin hold because there the ethylene margin is already pretty low and you already have to pick it up from last year; so incrementally as Sweeny [ph] just on the ethylene margin. And that $1.2 billion is just on the ethylene margin I presume?
Greg Garland: No, that's a full chain margin.
Paul Chang: But you already have the PE margin from last year, right. So yes, I'm looking at incrementally with these clean cracker come on-stream; so what is the additional uptake that we should assume?
Greg Garland: First of all, we're in startup right in the fourth quarter of last year. We're using ethylene that it either be inventoried or purchased and so you really didn't get the full impact of the new cracker being up. So the new cracker is probably our lowest increment of cost as we think about our value chain and the other crackers in our system, and so I think you -- the $1.2 billion is a good number if you want to think about this year, annualized.
Paul Chang: Final one for me; how much is [indiscernible] can assess by pipeline into your refinery?
Kevin Mitchell: Paul, for commercial reasons we don't talk about individual sourcing of feedstock for individual refineries.
Paul Chang: Okay. Or that can you tell us that which refinery -- I noted that you've won mostly in Berga [ph] how about the Ponca City and all the one, can you give us some idea which one may have assess?
Greg Garland: Well, I think as you look at the Phillips 66 portfolio, we're roughly 35% heavy, 35% medium and 30% light on the portfolio as a whole.
Kevin Mitchell: And some of that light is imported.
Paul Chang: I understand. And some of the light is also not from Midland [ph], it's probably from cushing or some other places.
Kevin Mitchell: Right, correct.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Sharon. And thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosie or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on our Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 Web site along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $548 million, or $1.70 per share. We ended the year with a strong quarter, and our operating performance was at record levels. Refining ran at 100% capacity utilization, and we continue to operate safely and reliably. Our Midstream business significantly grew Phillips 66 Partners by completing a $2.4 billion dropdown; our largest transaction to date. And in Chemicals, CPChem is nearing completion of its U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. Our fourth quarter cash from operations was $1.9 billion, our highest quarter since 2013. For the year, operating cash flow was $3.6 billion. We continue our commitment to shareholder distributions. This quarter, we returned 816 million through dividends and share repurchases. This brings our total distribution since inception to $16.4 billion. During the quarter, we made progress on several of our key projects. In Midstream, we operated well at our Sweeny Hub in a challenging market environment. We averaged nine cargos a month at the export facility, and the fractionator operated 101% utilization. We completed expansion of the Beaumont Terminal's export capacity to 600,000 barrels per day. Today, the terminal has over 11 million barrels of crude and product storage capacity. An additional 3.5 million barrels of fully-contracted crude storage is under construction, and that will take the total capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of the year. We announced an open season with Enbridge with Gray Oak pipeline project to transport crude oil from Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. The pipeline is expected to have initial throughput capacity of 385,000 barrels per day, and will be placed in service during the second half of 2019. The Bayou Bridge pipeline, in which PSXP holds a 40% interest, has received all permits for the extension from Lake Charles to St. James, Louisiana. Construction is underway. Commercial operations are expected to begin in the second half of 2018. Existing segment of the line from our Beaumont Terminal to Lake Charles is operating well, is providing crude optionality to our refinery. DCP Sand Hills pipeline, which transports NGL from the Permian Basin to the Texas Gulf Coast has exceeded 3000 barrels per day of throughput in the fourth quarter, and is expected to complete the capacity expansion to 365,000 barrels a day by the end of the quarter. Further capacity expansion of the line to 450,000 barrels a day is anticipated in the second half of 2018. Sand Hills is on two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 Partners. DCP continues to progress construction of two gas processing plants in a high growth DJ basin. The Mewbourn 3 plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018 and the O'Conner 2 plant is scheduled for completion in mid 2019. DCP also announced the final investment decision to proceed with joint development of the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline project, in which it holds a 25% interest. The pipeline will provide an outlet for natural gas production in the Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. In Chemicals, CPChem is commissioning its new Cedar Bayou ethane cracker, which will start up this quarter and ramp up the full commercial production in the second quarter. At Old Ocean, CPChem has successfully transitioned the two polyethylene units' commercial operations. In Refining, we continue to focus on high return quick pay up projects. We have multiple yield-enhancing projects that are expected to deliver additional 25,000 barrels a day of clean products by the end of 2018. This includes the diesel recovery project which we completed at our Ponca City Refinery in the fourth quarter. In addition, we are modernizing FCC units at both our Bayway and Wood River Refineries with anticipated completion during the second quarter of 2018. We also have projects [indiscernible] such as the Lake Charles Refinery, where we are completing modifications to run more domestic crew. Our 2018 capital budget is $2.3 billion, including $1.4 billion of growth capital and $900 million of sustaining capital. Our portion of capital spend by CPChem, DCP, and WRB is expected to be about $900 million. As we move into 2018, our strategy for long-term value creation remains unchanged. This includes capturing growth opportunities in our midstream and our chemicals business, where we see long-term demand growth and enhancing returns in refining and marketing. Also fundamental to our strategy, our shareholder distributions consisting of a comparative, secure, and growing dividend complemented with share repurchases. We believe the share repurchases are important part of shareholder value creation, and as long as we trade below intrinsic value, we are buyers of our shares. So with that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning. Starting with an overview on slide four, our fourth quarter earnings were $3.2 billion. We had special items that netted to a gain of $2.7 billion mainly due to the U.S. tax reform legislation. This benefit primarily reflects the revaluation of our net U.S. federal deferred tax liability position from 35% to a 21% tax rate, and is partially offset by the repatriation transition facts on foreign sourced earnings. After excluding special items, adjusted earnings were $548 million or $1.7 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was $1.9 billion, which includes a positive working capital impact of $913 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $537 million with $234 million spend on growth projects. Distributions to shareholders in the fourth quarter consisted of $353 million in dividends and $463 million in share repurchases. Slide five compares fourth quarter and third quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings decreased by $310 million, driven by lower results in Refining, Marketing, and Chemicals, partially offset by improvements in Midstream. New this quarter, our segment reporting is on a net income basis, instead of net income attributable to Phillips 66, as previously presented. Our segment earnings now include earnings that are attributable to non-controlling interests. This segment reporting change better aligns with how we manage the business and makes our reporting more comparable with our peers. Slide six shows our Midstream results. Transportation adjusted net income for the quarter was $108 million, up $10 million from the prior quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher terminal and pipeline volumes. In NGL and other, the $20 million increase from the prior quarter was largely due to the PSXP acquisition of Merey Sweeny. DCP Midstream had adjusted net income of $14 million in the fourth quarter. A $13 million increase from the previous quarter was due to the absence of third quarter asset impairments, higher NGL prices, and increased volumes. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven, fourth quarter adjusted net income for the segment was $121 million, $32 million lower than the third quarter. In olefins and polyolefins, adjusted net income decreased by $42 million. This decrease was due to lower sales volumes and higher depreciation and operating costs, partially offset by improved margins. The increased depreciation and operating costs reflect the start up of the new polyethylene units at Old Ocean. Global O&P utilization was 79%, reflecting continued downtime at Cedar Bayou. The Cedar Bayou facilities hurricane-related repairs continued into the fourth quarter with most major units returning to service by December. Adjusted net income for SA&S increased by $12 million due to higher margins and lower operating costs. In Refining, our crude utilization was 100% for the quarter, up from 98% in the third quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $99 million, $56 million higher than the third quarter. Clean product yield was 87%, an increase of two percentage points from the prior quarter, primarily due to processing more intermediate term inventory and increased butane [indiscernible]. Realized margin was $8.98 per barrel, down from $10.49 per barrel last quarter. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted net income. In total, the Refining segment had adjusted net income of $358 million, a decrease of $190 million from last quarter. This decrease was driven by a 35% decline in gasoline market cracks and higher turnaround costs, partially offset by improved clean product differentials and increased volumes. Adjusted net income in the Atlantic Basin was $120 million, down $52 million from the third quarter. The decrease was primarily due to the lower gasoline market crack, partially offset increased volumes and improved clean product differentials as European cracks improved relative to the New York Harbor crack. The Atlantic Basin region ran at 104% utilization in the fourth quarter; the third consecutive quarter at or above full capacity. The Gulf Coast adjusted net income was $72 million, down $5 million from the third quarter. The decrease was due to the lower market crack, which was largely offset by higher clean product realizations and increased volumes. The Gulf Coast capacity utilization was 102%, up from 93% in the third quarter. Adjusted net income in the Central Corridor was $192 million, down $6 million from the previous quarter. The decrease was primarily due to turnaround activity at the Ponca City Refinery. New West Coast adjusted net income decreased $127 million from the previous quarter, reflecting the 32% decline in the market crack. Slide nine covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the quarter was $13.98 per barrel, compared to $18.19 per barrel in the third quarter. Our realized margin for the fourth quarter was $8.98 per barrel resulting in an overall market capture of 64%, up from 58% in the third quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. During the fourth quarter, we made less gasoline and more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. And the distillate crack was stronger relative to the gasoline crack. As a result, the configuration loss of a $1.44 per barrel was an improvement with $1.58 per barrel from the prior quarter. Losses from secondary products of a $1.99 per barrel were lower than the previous quarter due to improved NGL prices relative to crude. Feedstock advantage improved realized margins by $0.82 per barrel. This was $0.20 better than the prior quarter. The other category mainly includes costs associated with rents, outgoing freight, product differentials, and inventory impacts. This category reduced realized margins by $2.39 per barrel, compared with $3.20 per barrel in the prior quarter. The improvement was primarily due to clean product price differentials. Let's move to marketing and specialties on slide 10. Adjusted fourth quarter net income was $124 million; $87 million lower than the third quarter. In marketing and other, the $76 million decrease in adjusted net income was largely due to lower realized margins and seasonally lower branded volumes. During the fourth quarter, we exported 236,000 barrels per day of refined products with continued strong demand from Latin America. Specialties adjusted net income was $37 million, a decrease of $11 million from the prior quarter, mainly due to lower base oil and finished lubricant margins. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted net costs of $140 million this quarter compared to $127 million in the prior quarter. The $13 million increase in net costs was primarily due to positive tax adjustments in the third quarter. On slide 12, we summarized our financial results for the year. 2017 adjusted earnings were $2.3 billion, or $4.38 per share. At the end of the fourth quarter, our net debt to capital ratio is 20%. The adjusted return on capital employed for 2017 was 8%. Slide 13 shows the change in cash during the year. We entered the year with $2.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Cash from operations was $3.6 billion with minimal working capital impact, and PSXP raised $1.2 billion in equity proceeds. We funded $1.8 billion of capital expenditures and investments, and distributed $3 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. The $400 million in other includes affiliate loan repayments. We ended the year with 502 million shares outstanding, and our cash balance was $3.1 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next I'll cover a few outlook items. In the first quarter, in Chemicals, we anticipate the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid 90s. In Refining, the first quarter will be a heavy turnaround quarter for us. We expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid 80s and pre-tax turnaround expenses to be between $230 million and $260 million. We anticipate corporate and other costs to come in between $160 million and $180 million after-tax during the first quarter. For 2018, we plan full-year turnaround expenses to be between $520 million and $570 million pre-tax. We expect corporate and other costs to come in between $640 million and $680 million. Our after tax corporate costs are higher due to the lower U.S. tax rate as well as the inclusion of interest expense associated with non-controlling interests. We anticipate full year D&A of $1.4 billion. And companywide, we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the low to mid 20% range. Our effective income tax rate reflects the impact of the new U.S. Federal rate, state and foreign tax rates, and the impact of income attributable to non-controlling interests. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act should be positive for Phillips 66. We will benefit from the 21% corporate tax rate and the capital cost recovery provisions. We also have more flexibility in managing our global cash balances. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, guys. A couple of questions here, the first is just around share repurchases. With tax reform coming in and the amount of cash flow, you guys should be able to draw as you go into this harvesting mode with lower capital spending. You should be in a position to be aggressive around share repurchases, especially if you do believe the stock is trading below intrinsic value. You have come out with this $1 billion to $2 billion range in the past, Greg and team, just want to see how you are thinking about the potential to even go over that in this type of environment?
Greg Garland: Neil, first of all, good morning, good to hear from you. There is a couple of things that I think about. One is we've got new income coming on from all these investments we have been making. Mid cycle that's a billionish to $1.5 billion. We have got nice tailwind probably from tax reform as you think about that. And then as we think about the investment opportunity universe [ph] it's really competitive out there. So I certainly don't see us increasing capital expenditures. So on balance, if you think '12 to '17, we really hit the 60:40 allocation of reinvestment business versus giving cash back to shareholders. We are going to probably drift more towards a 50:50 number certainly in 20182019 as well looks like to us. So, will certainly be right towards the high-end of that range, Neil; we are not -- we go over it, we will just see how the year goes.
Neil Mehta: Appreciate that. And then follow-up is just on the refining macro. Greg, can you talk about -- and team talk a little bit both your view on the -- views on the product balances? We have seen gasoline build. It feels seasonal. Distillate has been strong, and then your thoughts on Brent TI [ph], because that's compressed by quite a bit over the last couple of weeks here as we think about the year?
Greg Garland: Do you want to take stab at that, Jeff? And then, I'll come in.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, I think as we look, the global economic indicators are really multiple year highs, both from a manufacturing and from a consumer confidence and unemployment, multi-year lows on unemployment. So, the economy looks good globally in all the major region. That's positive for the demand outlook. As we start the year and think back to last year, gasoline and distillate inventories on days of demand cover last year were above the 5-year range. And they shifted to the bottom of the 5-year range this year. So, the starting point certainly feels better. As we think about demand, we are seeing strong demand on the product export side. We had record exports in the fourth quarter, 260,000 barrels a day. And then, as we look at Canadian production in particular continuing to grow with Fort Hills ramping up this year and really no major pipeline start ups for 2018 and 2019. The rails ramped up in the fourth quarter relative to third quarter, but it doesn't appear they have substantial excess capacity. So that's going to be a positive. And PSX is the largest importer of Canadian crudes, buying over 0.5 million barrels a day of Canadian crude. Lower taxes should benefit U.S. refiners. And then we have got the IMO bunker fuel specifications on the horizon. So, we are cautiously optimistic on the outlook for refining profitability this year.
Neil Mehta: Great, guys. Thank you very much.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Doug Terreson from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Greg Garland: Hey, Doug.
Jeff Dietert: Hi.
Doug Terreson: I also wanted to ask a question about your views on some of the likely market impacts of some of these new environment regulations that are set for the next few years. Meaning Jeff, mentioned IMO 2020. And then, we've got tier fuels too that I wanted to ask about, and how the company is positioned. So, the first, do you sense that the U.S. and global refining industries are investing enough to satisfy some of these roles? Second, do you envision margin to the key products such as the [indiscernible] fuels and crude oil spreads? How do you they are going to vary because of these mandates? And then, finally, how is the company positioned for these changes? Meaning, there's three parts to the questions is the industry ready in your view? Two, what do you think are the likely outcomes with spreads? And most importantly, how is Phillips 66 positioned for these new environmental mandates?
Greg Garland: Well, let me start backwards, and I will then pass it off to Jeff to talk about some of the details. So the answer how we are positioned, we are pretty through the Tier 3 investment period. And that's one reason you have seen our sustained capital come down in refining, Doug. In terms of IMO, we are not planning on making significant investments. There are probably some small things will do around the assets in terms of looking at yields and conversions. But, we don't view that necessarily as a negative impact on our business. I think we are constructive on what that does in terms of the distillate price. But, we are probably not as optimistic as some of the others are out there, although Jeff is pretty optimistic on it. So, I will let him talk you through what he thinks the impacts are going to be in terms of margins and maybe some of the other refiners out there.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, we are -- you are bringing up a source of internal debate that happens on a fairly regular basis. But, as we look at it, the IMO is about 4 million barrels a day in rough numbers. You take the scrubbers and probably non-compliance that might be a million barrels a day of it. There's a million barrels a day that might get blended up and end up with still about 2 million barrels of incremental diesel demand. And you compare that to the global demand of 35 million barrels a day, that's about a 6% increase, the meaningful increase upcoming. On the [indiscernible] side, it's also 2 million barrels a day [indiscernible] needs to be destroyed and that compares to a global coking capacity market in the 6 to 8 million barrel a day range. And a lot of that capacity is already highly utilized. So, the industry is preparing in advance. The global system has flexibility, but these are meaningful shifts. As we think about what we are dealing. In 2017, we had about 15 projects that added 10,000 barrels a day of diesel production capability. In 2018, we've got about 30 projects that will add 20,000 barrels a day of clean product. That leans a little bit more towards gasoline, but there is diesel there as well. And so, these are low CapEx but high return projects.
Doug Terreson: Okay, thanks, Jeff, and congratulations everybody on your solid results.
Greg Garland: Right. Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Blake Fernandez from Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Hey, folks, good morning. I wanted to go back on the WCS differentials. And Jeff, I think you mentioned you guys have access to over 500,000 barrels a day of Canadian crude. Can you help remind me I guess the actual access to that as far as is that piped, is that railed, a combination? I guess I am just trying to fish around to see how of this blow out in the differential you are actually going to realize?
Jeff Dietert: Yes, there is a big pipe component of it. It's primarily heavy and primarily vast majority of this utilized in our own refineries. We do import some offshore barrels. That's a small portion of the total. But, we are large buyers across the way. There is not much movement by rail at this point.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. So, it sounds like you've got pretty direct leverage to the differential move here.
Jeff Dietert: Right.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. And the second question, I guess, maybe shifting over to the Chemicals piece since we've got the cracker kind of coming online and ramping up into next quarter. It looks like some of the chain margins have maybe been trending below the $0.30 per pound, which I think is always kind of a mid-cycle proxy you guys use. I didn't know if you had any thoughts on that and if maybe some of the recent move in gas prices has kind of impacted the margins there?
Greg Garland: Yes, so let me just talk. So, margins in the quarter were up about $0.02 for the year. They're up about $0.03 in 2017. You kind of think about [indiscernible] came on in the fourth quarter. We had our polyethylene capacity up in the fourth quarter. So from a market basing standpoint, we were moving the products, and we believe that Exxon Mobil actually ran some of their derivative capacity in the fourth quarter also. So you're starting to see the impact of those products hit the market. I think that in many ways the global economy is pretty good. You think about in U.S., think about Europe, you think about Asia, and it's really taking these materials without a lot of margin impact in -- to your point like, I think if you look at that full chain polyethylene margin based on a weighted average speed it is kind of hovering around $0.25 level, which is kind of reinvestment level economics mid-cycle if you want to think about it. You look at on ethane basis, that full chain margin is around $0.31, $0.32. And so those are the really healthy margins for us. And so, I think that we kind of look at the Chemicals businesses is getting this new cracker up, getting polyethylene in the market, maybe there's going to be some margin compression, you know, these other projects to come online in 2018, but I think you got to remember higher crude prices are very constructive for us. And we like high crude, low natural gas prices in the Chemicals business. And so, that'll open up the margins for CPChem. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi, guys. I'll start with the detail one if I could. You said utilization was up at 198% respectively over the past couple of quarters. It seems a bit lower in Q1. Could you just talk a little bit about some -- whether that's sort of a level number and what the outlook for you guys this is in terms of turnarounds over the coming year? And then, I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Go ahead.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we provided guidance. You saw that the first quarter is a relatively heavy lift for us on maintenance. We are guided to $230 million to $260 million. First quarter of last year was $299 million, and that was that heaviest quarterly maintenance period in the last decade. So we're below last year, but still a meaningful lift for the first quarter.
Paul Sankey: Is there any bigger items that just that you can talk about?
Kevin Mitchell: I think as we look at it, last year was more crude unit heavy, and some of the downstream units, the conversion units are more impacted in this quarter.
Paul Sankey: Got it. Greg, if I can take it to a high level, you made an interesting comment that is always a debatable one regarding the intrinsic value, both the stock relative to your appetite buyback, could you just expand on that a little bit? Thank you.
Greg Garland: Sure. Well, we are never going to give you the number, but you can keep asking, Paul. But yes, so the way we think about intrinsic value, we're looking at kind of EBITDA two years out, we're using kind of historical multiples and some of the parts. And based on that, obviously it's a higher pricing what we're trading today and that's why we're buying shares today.
Paul Sankey: Yes, it's an interesting point. I mean. I don't think we haven't quite get to the answer on when the optimum time, I think you can read very long academic studies on the optimum times for buying back, but I guess just to follow-up, there's nothing really you have to do on the debt side, is that I mean it sounds that maturities or any other outlet for excess cash?
Greg Garland: That's right, Paul. Yes, nothing coming up in the near term.
Paul Sankey: Great, okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James. Please go ahead your line is open.
Justin Jenkins: Great, thanks good morning everybody. I guess maybe just to start, Jeff; he made a few comments on the Canadian heavy differentials. Has there been any thoughts or discussions in terms of the asset profile of Refining? Are you comfortable with the asset base as it stands or any ownership structure of the WRB shifting on those lines?
Greg Garland: No, I think look, we're pretty happy with the portfolio today. We always look at the portfolio many times a year. We're always looking at it. But I just think as the portfolio lies today, we like the portfolio where it sits. [Indiscernible] been a great partner at WRB. And we continue to make investments there between the two of us. In fact, we're modernizing the FCC. It's one of the projects we have for 2018 there. So I would say portfolio is in pretty good shape.
Justin Jenkins: Perfect. Thanks, Greg. And then may be shifting on taxes, Kevin you mentioned in your opening remarks, but anything else to note as it relates to the earnings outside the U.S., whether it's tax payments over time for the new tax law or any plans to repatriate cash?
Kevin Mitchell: No, not specifically. I mean we with -- in terms of the foreign cash that the new tax law probably gives us access to a $1 billion, $1.02 billion of cash that previously was overseas, and we didn't have cost effective access to. So, it gives us gives a bit more flexibility in managing our overall cash. In reality, we have plenty of cash anyway. So it's not like we need to rush out for that, but it just helps them from an overall flexibility and managing the cash position.
Justin Jenkins: Perfect, thanks Kevin. I'll leave it there. Have a good weekend, guys.
Greg Garland: You too. Thank you.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is [indiscernible] on for Doug. I've got a couple questions, both macro-related. First, I wanted to see if I get an update on the performance at the LPG export business. I know in prior quarters, you guys have talked about the cargo turning near capacity, and I think you are working on doing some things optimized cost there. But the bigger piece of the EBITDA contribution is really ARB [ph] related and that hasn't been there in past quarters. I'm wondering if you can talk about whether that's improving against these positive demand trends in oil?
Greg Garland: So I'll start on that. I think that we've demonstrated 25% of the design capacity of the terminals. So I think we're loading like 10 cargos this month, did 96 in the fourth quarter. So we're running it to capacity, as you know, the ARB -- the fees has been around between $0.05 and $0.07 in that range. And that's substantially below what we had promised when we improved the project. So we think about what's coming at us particularly from the Permian, we see strong in geo growth in 2018. We think that utilization rates across the docks are going to come up, and the opportunity to move those dock fees and hence those margins across will improve as we move into the back-half of 2018, certainly as we get into 2019.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. You saw the DOE monthly stats October and November NGL production up over 400,000 barrels a day year-on-year. I don't know if that pace is going to be sustained, but clearly we're seeing very strong growth on the NGL front, which is going to need to be exported. And that's going to help fill these pipelines. Based on DOE stats last year, LPG export facilities ran in the low 80s percentage utilization and we think that will move into the high 80s this year, which by the end of the year 2019 starts helping margins
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks, guys. Second question, just kind of looking at the WTI brand spread today. It's nearing below $4. What do you think the appropriate ranges for the stainable WTI brand spread? What do you think set those parameters? And secondly, do you attribute any of this weakness to seasonality, perhaps staggered refinery maintenance profiles which means the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Continent post refinery maintenance could this perhaps start widening out again?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think if you look at just West Houston versus Brant it's traded around a buck-and-a-half, kind of $0.50 plus or minus. That part of the differential has been relatively stable. When you look at what's happening between Cushing and Permian and the Gulf Coast, we've seen substantial changes recently with those pipelines being very highly utilized, close to full in the October-November timeframe. Since that time, Valero's diamond pipeline has added 200,000 barrels a day out of Cushing. That's drawing pushing inventories down pretty rapidly. And from the Permian, the Midland-to-Sealy and the expansions of the existing added 700,000 barrels a day, so we've gone from a period of not enough capacity to too much capacity in the short-term. Permian, it's certainly possible; could grow 700,000 barrels a day this year, and be back to a very tight level by the end of the year, or certainly 2019. So that Cushing to Gulf Coast is going to swing more. Right now there's enough capacity and those rates are tightening. We'll see some seasonal impacts for maintenance, but I think those are the big drivers.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: Yes, hi. Good morning. So Kevin, you probably know I was going to start with this one; so I'll get this one out of the way, but just the deferred tax fees in terms of the tax reform and the impacts and how you think about 2018 with the investments you have, kind of a cash tax versus book tax rate?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Phil, so I think the best way to look at that -- I don't want to go down the path of trying to give a cash tax rate, because you really know what your pre-tax income is to go there, but the way to model that is you can assume a deferred tax benefit for 2018 total company in the order of $400 million is what we're seeing. And so that predominantly reflects the additional tax depreciation over and above financial depreciation. So there is about $400 million benefit on cash flow relative to with the financial tax.
Phil Gresh: Okay, great. Thanks. Second question is on Midstream. If you look at the increased disclosure here in the filings this quarter, the run rate of EBITDA and Midstream adjusted basis, XTCP is around $1.2 billion annualized, and I know the guidance is for a longer term to -- I think by the end of '18 to be more like 1.8 billion to 2.0 billion. So could you talk about that path of trajectory towards the end of the year and what projects do you expect to contribute to the bulk of that?
Greg Garland: Yep. So I'll start. So, you're right. You take the kind of the 300 or so, 295 and annualized that you get to 1-2, and remember in that number of slides that we show that you got about $300 million or so refining with just -- that pushes you about $1.5. And there's about $300 million of growth in market that we've got laid in to the plan this year. And that number is kind of into your run rate number also. So, obviously, we got expansions on Sand Hills. We got second segment of Bayou Bridge. We got all the work we're doing around the Beaumont Terminal. There is a lot of multitude of projects in blending at various terminals across the system, and then you got organic growth at PSXP that's laid into that number. So that's -- I don't think the 300 growth rate or annualized run rate growth is going to be that big of a lift force in 2018. I think we'll hit that.
Phil Gresh: And so, are you implying that the $300 million on the refining side is likely to be dropped in '18 then, or is it just a categorization?
Greg Garland: No. That's just trying to highlight potential Midstream income that we had. It could be droppable. I suspect that refining incremented some of the very last step we get to, Phil.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Just one last question, in terms of -- there is some questions already in Canadian Heavy, I was just curious you're having some challenges of Wood River being able to get full access to crude of the Keystone, I know Keystone is still running I think at 80% right now. I'm just curious how your accessibility is to that Canadian crude at Wood River right now?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we still got access. Keystone is not fully backup, but it's running, and we've got access there that we need.
Phil Gresh: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Kristina Kazarian from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kristina Kazarian: Good afternoon, guys.
Greg Garland: Hey, Kristina.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi, Kristina.
Kristina Kazarian: Hi. Shifting back to the Chem segment, you guys mentioned the new cracker and associated key units will be fully commercial in 2Q. Can you just remind me, one, what the start up costs are? And two, how long it takes me from there to get kind of full utilization? And if I use some of the current margins we were talking about earlier in the call, what does that imply versus what we've talked about re-mid cycle guidance?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So I think that -- so polyethylene came up relatively quickly. It was running at almost full capacity utilization by the end of the quarter. But I suspect by the end of the second quarter, it'll be at full rate. And again remember, the polyethylene is the big pull on, and it's already out in the market. So it's just getting the cracker up to supply the ethylene going into the polyethylene. So I think it will be a fairly quick ramp up. I think it's kind of the $0.32 margins that we're looking at on the ethane margins, we're in the range of the kind of that 1-2ish billion of EBITDA, certainly 1 to 1.2, in that range, as you move back and you think about, that's a pretty close to that $0.25 mid-cycle case for the weighted average feed for the industry. So, I think in today's margins were kind of there. You could see a little compression as we come up; Exxon is going to come up later in the year, but I still think that given strong fundamental demand in the business and there is not a lot of capacity coming on globally in Pet Chems in 2018, but we're still very constructive around margins for the balance of 2018.
Kristina Kazarian: And were there a start up cost number that you guys want to frac for me as well?
Kevin Mitchell: No.
Kristina Kazarian: Got it. Now, on the pipeline side, can you just maybe provide an update around the Open Season around the Gray Oak pipeline JV, and maybe talk about the benefits from a project like that and how I would be thinking about this project versus some of the other ones announced there? Would you maybe be willing to merge two together? And just general thoughts there.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, we're still in the midst of the Open Season. So it's probably not too appropriate to comment. I would say that high level of interest, and it was actually -- we were asked by many of the producers in the region to do this project. So there was a lot of interest going into it. And so yes, there is a lot of pipelines that have been announced, there is no question; I think that we have high levels of confidence that we'll get to a good endpoint on this project for Gray Oak.
Kristina Kazarian: Perfect. That's it from me. Look forward to that, thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks, Kristina.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Mitchell: Hey, good morning.
Roger Read: And maybe just a follow-up on Midstream piece, the target of getting to the 1.8 exit rate in '18, NGL and other was a nice contributor in the fourth quarter, and imagine higher oil prices are helping that out along with the increased volumes. But as you think about that improvement from kind of this Q4 exit Q4 of '18, how much are you thinking NGLs improve from here, or given the sort of price volatility on that that's actually a relatively small component of the improvement?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I would say that's a relatively small contributing piece to it.
Roger Read: So, in other words, if we get a stronger NGL pricing, we can think about easier to make the target or exceeding the target?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. If oil prices continue to strengthen, that will support our NGL business and make it an easier lift to get to the 1.8. The difference between the 1.8 and 2 is really market-related. And so, I would put it in that category.
Roger Read: Okay, thank you.
Greg Garland: As a 1.8 number, we've got about a $150 million laid in for the frac and for the exports. So we've been pretty conservative in our view of what that project contributes in 2018. I do think as we come into back half of the year, we're going to like the dock piece a lot better, but a lot of that's just growth in organic growth at PSXP for some of the expansions we have going on the pipe. And so, we just -- lot of this is more pipeline type volumes, the terminal type that activity versus NGL improvement.
Roger Read: No. That's helpful. Thanks. And then, hasn't really been hit on this call, I don't believe, it come up on the prior ones; potential reform of the RFS, do you have any thoughts on it? I know I could guess what your view would be, but just curious if you have any views on the potential for that? Was it picking up, gone the Corn State Senators actually talking to the Oil State Senators instead of holding each other hostage on their appointments?
Greg Garland: Well, I think you answered the question for me. Look, we're all in on this. We think it's a right thing to do. We think the legislation is fraud, we're adding our voice at Capitol Hill. I agree with you, I think that the dialog particularly from the Senate side with the Texas Senators and the Corn State Senators is constructive and helpful. Congressman Walden and Hoff continue to be very helpful in terms of moving the dialog forward. My only concern is there is still a lot on Congress's plate. I think that making recommendations about what this Congress is or isn't going to get accomplished just for referral, and so we will just have to see. I just don't think RFS reform is one of the top cards of their agenda. And then you move in a back half year with the election year, I think it's harder to get things done. So if it's not done early in the year, I think it gets pushed.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Spiro Dounis from UBS Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to comeback capital allocation, but focus a little more maybe it's on the dividend. I think we are still about a quarter or so we definitely announced any change there, but just kind of looking for a framework on how you are thinking about that relation. So last year's 11% increase and obviously a lot of project startups this year. And then, of course any benefits from tax reform?
Greg Garland: Well, so I think going to pure competitive dividend as what we always frame that answer. We think about, it's got to be affordable, it's got to be, we want to continue to grow the dividend every year. We look at where we said versus our refining competitors and other industry competitors were except versus yield on the kind of the S&P 100 and you kind of take all that in, but certainly you should expect that we will increase the dividend this year and I will just leave it to that.
Spiro Dounis: Fair enough. And then just one follow-up on CPChem, I think you guys ran down the inventory there in the third quarter. I don't expect any way you got a chance to really ramp them back up in fourth quarter with Cedar Bayou down but as you head into 1Q now, I would see the value back up. Would you expect to sort of refill that inventory, just trying to get a sense of if 1Q performance is also slowly a way down a bit as you sort of refill the inventory?
Greg Garland: Well, I think we start up on the new crack and obviously as you think about the startup of that cracker that will certainly impact those balances. We pull down inventories A because Cedar was down but B because we are running the polyethylene units at Old Ocean also. So you have that kind of that combination going on and of course the hurricane impacted the entire industry there on the Gulf Coast. Yes, I would say we normalize inventories at CPChem going forward. But you know, there is not a reason to hold a lot of high inventory in my view at CPChem or anyplace in our chains, we try to manage that working capital really tightly and I would say we are constructive demand, what we see. So typically seasonally first quarter is weak in terms of petrochemical demand, a lot of that's on the Chinese New Year and what you see going on there but we've seen continued good buying activity out of Asia really hasn't been impacted this year. So seasonally strong coming into the first quarter, so we like what we see in the demand side on petchem.
Spiro Dounis: Great. Thanks for the color Greg. I appreciate it.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thanks. Maybe a follow-up on some of the earlier questions on CPChem, I think previously you've spoken to $600 million to $800 million here in distributions. Can you maybe update on the trajectory of how we should think about over the course of the year. Will we see any distributions in the first and second quarter or will that mostly be weighted towards the second half?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Ryan. It's Kevin, I think what you will see on that is it's probably going to be a little bit weighted towards the second half of the year. I don't want to refer from that we won't receive any distributions in the first half. I think first quarter is probably unlikely just given that we are just getting the cracker you know, that just start coming up in during the first quarter and bring that up to full operations. So you'll probably see it kind of more from second quarter on through the year.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thanks. And then, maybe just anytime as you might have on the west coast. I mean, the west coast was problematic during the -- in terms of refining margins during the fourth quarter high utilization and number of other things happen, but can you - any updates on yourselves how you see the rest of the first quarter either from a turnaround activity, you switch to some gasoline and how you expect margins to trend there over the next few months?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think west coast in December. December is typically a weak period. The industry ran well with high utilization rates, we had some weather influences negatively impact demand and so it's a tough time here and things got weak. As you look into the first quarter, there is maintenance on the west coast in January in January that's kind of support the crack here. It looks like after the current turnarounds are completed, it looks a little bit light on the west coast. Mid-Continent looks like it's for the industry or relatively heavy refining maintenance period and there is some maintenance relatively large on the PADD I as well. Internationally, it looks like relatively heavy or close above normal, let's call it rather than heavy maintenance season this spring with backend loaded kind of March, April, May timeframe.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you. Operator Craig Shere from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So on the export terminal, LPG export terminal, it sounds like ongoing optimism going out in the second half and it's '19, what do you think the prospects are in the coming 12 months, maybe 18 months of expanding the amount of contract and position on that facility?
Greg Garland: As our prices are, you suddenly want to expand your contracts at the bottom; it's kind of our view. You know, look hey I sometime in '19 we are probably going hit limits in terms of industry, capacity to clear the barrels and you kind of need a $0.10 to $0.12 fee across the doc to justify new investment and so I think we will get there but a lot of it depends on what's going on in the Permian and how many NGLs are going to be showing up, we remain constructive around our views on that.
Craig Shere: Do you think that the market will be supportive enough to get longer term contracting five to ten years or you think when we start to settle a couple of years of the time?
Greg Garland: It can be a couple of years at a time in this environment. We will see a surprise if you can write five year paper.
Craig Shere: Understood. And last question. On the balance sheet management, I understand there is not a lot of debt coming to [indiscernible] for a while. You do have -- if I'm not mistaken a couple of billion chunk out to 2022, how do you think about building cash balances and expectation of a large managing a large maturity like that, would you be willing to hold outsize cash balances for couple of years?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Craig. It's Kevin. I - we may build cash simply by virtue of strong operating cash flow and depending on where overall capital fits, how much what is going on from a capital expenditure standpoint and then the other side of that with distributions, dividends and buybacks. But I don't think we would be building cash just for the purpose to upholding it to pay time debt for years out from this point. We have a lot of flexibility from a balance sheet debt management standpoint and so given the strength for the balance sheet to credit rating that we got we can easily refinance maturities as they come to that's what we choose to do, so. I would look at cash balances more from a broader picture in terms of what it means from a capital allocation standpoint.
Craig Shere: Understood. And that Kevin, I got you. That 1 billion to 1.2 billion of foreign cash, is it pretty nominal cost to bring that back, if you wanted in the future?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, that's the point that post tax reform we now have access to that cash without having to pay any excess U.S. taxes.
Craig Shere: Oh, zero. Okay. Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks. Because we pay the repatriation tax upfront -- the group repatriation.
Greg Garland: We paid in advance on that one.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we paid it, yes.
Craig Shere: Thank you.
Operator: Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hey, good morning everyone. I will start with sort of a macro question with kind of tied into the WTA brand conversation. I'm just wondering if you guys have a perspective on crude export capacity in the U.S. I think you said earlier in the call, Permian could grow 700,000 barrels a day that's probably pushing us into the over 2 million barrels a day of export. So you would run into a wall at some point on that?
Greg Garland: Yes, it's a good question. I think with the hurricane back in the fall, we found out that we can export 2 million barrels a day. We thought that might have been the max we could export at that time, and perhaps it was, because we hadn't gone materially higher than that. But I think there is a need for continued infrastructure to get the Permian barrels to the shore, and the majority of the increase in production is going to be exported. And so, as you look at oil production growing over 1 million barrels a day here at the end of 2017 with continued improvement in IP rates and drilling efficiency gains, the drilled but uncompleted well count continue to go up during this increase in production. So it looks to us like there is going to be sustained, strong production growth in the U.S. and that more infrastructure will be needed.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks, got it. And I guess, switching over to DCP, you know, Enbridge has labeled that as an un-core [ph], so how do you guys feel about owning half of the GP versus potentially taking out more of it?
Kevin Mitchell: I feel happy with the structure as it is today. There is no question, I mean Enbridge is great company, and we are finding another ways to work together. Gray Oak is a great example of that. And so, we continue to like DCP, we like their positions in the Permian, the Eagle Ford, the Mid-Con, the DJ. DCP has done a nice job of managing this business through really tough time, and they are coming out the other end. And so, EBITDA is growing nicely. They have some great growth profiles in front of them. So, you know, fundamentally we like the asset, the [indiscernible] goes with our partner.
Brad Heffern: Okay, appreciate it. Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, thank you. I appreciate your interest in Phillips 66. If there is any follow-up calls, please contact Rosy or me.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-28 14:00:00) =====
Unknown Speaker: Phillips 66 (PSX) Q3 2017 Earnings Call October 27. 2017
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Welcome to the Phillips 66 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Tim Taylor, President; Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on our Investor Relations section of our Phillips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Jeff. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. During the quarter, the Gulf Coast region was impacted by Hurricane Harvey. We're very proud of how our employees responded to the challenges caused by this storm. They did extraordinary things to help their families, friends, and neighbors, and they worked to safeguard our assets and communities. Through these efforts we were able to ensure critical energy products were supplied to first responders, businesses and consumers. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings were $858 million, or $1.66 per share. Our Refining utilization rate was 98% for the quarter. We operated well across our Refining system. Utilization for Atlantic Basin and West Coast regions exceeded 100%. Our Gulf Coast region ran at 93%, reflecting hurricane impacts at Sweeny. Our Chemicals businesses, on the other hand, was challenged due to extended downtime related to the storm. In advance of the hurricane, operations were shut-in at several of our Gulf Coast facilities where we have Refining, Chemical and Midstream assets. In early September, we started up many of these assets, including facilities at Sweeny, which were back to full operations by mid-September. Our Lake Charles and Alliance refineries ran through the storm with minimal operational issues. Our employees worked through the logistical challenges to get crude in our refineries and ensured products were getting out to market. Additionally, in Midstream we took operations down at the Pasadena, Beaumont and Freeport terminals. These facilities all resumed operations in early September. Our most significant impact was in Chemicals at the CPChem Cedar Bayou facility in Baytown, Texas. Cedar Bayou received 60 inches of rain it poured 8 feet (3:19) of water in various locations within the facility. A phase start-up of operations is underway with most units expected to be online by the end of November. We remain focused on executing our strategy. We're committed to operating safely, reliably and in an environmentally responsible manner. We demonstrated this commitment during the storm and the aftermath. We have also made progress this quarter advancing key growth and return projects. In Midstream, we continue to invest in the Beaumont Terminal to increase our storage and export capabilities. We're building additional 3.5 million barrels of crude storage, which is expected to be in service by the end of 2018. We're also expanding the terminal's export facilities from 400,000 barrels a day to 600,000 barrels a day. This is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. Earlier this month, we contributed in Merey Sweeny and our 25% interest in the Bakken pipeline to Phillips 66 partners in a $2.4 billion transaction. This is the largest acquisition to-date for PSXP. PSXP is well positioned to achieve its goal of $1.1 billion run rate adjusted EBITDA by the end 2018. DCP Midstream is increasing the Sand Hills NGL pipeline capacity from 280,000 barrels a day to 365,000 barrels a day and is expected to be in service by the end of the year. DCP plans to further expand the capacity to 450,000 barrels a day in the second half of 2018. Sand Hills is owned two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 partners. Also, DCP continues to focus on expansions in high-growth basins. The Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant is being constructed in the DJ basin, is expected to start up in the fourth quarter 2018. Also in the DJ, the O'Conner 2 gas processing plant is scheduled to be complete in 2019. In the Permian Basin, DCP plans to jointly develop the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline to link natural gas production to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. In Chemicals, CPChem started up two new 1.1 billion pound per year polyethylene units. Through the impacts of Hurricane Harvey, we now expect commissioning of the new Cedar Bayou ethane cracker to begin in the first quarter of 2018. Together these assets will increase CPChem's global ethylene and polyethylene capacity by approximately one-third. In Refining, we're progressing return projects to include proved clean product yields. A diesel recovery project in the Ponca City Refinery is on track to start up in the fourth quarter. We're modernizing FCC units at both the Bayway and Wood River Refineries. We expect these projects to be completed in the first half of 2018. Financial discipline, with an emphasis on returns, and prudent capital allocation is fundamental to our strategy. We're further lowering our 2017 capital expenditures guidance to about $2 billion. During the quarter, we returned over $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Earlier in October, our board approved a new $3 billion share repurchase program. The new program increases the company's total share repurchase authorizations to $12 billion since 2012. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Let's start with an overview on slide four. Third quarter earnings were $823 million. We had special items that netted to a loss of $35 million. The largest of which was $44 million of after tax hurricane-related costs. After excluding these items, adjusted earnings were $858 million or $1.66 per share. Excluding a negative working capital impact of $195 million, cash from operations was $596 million. This also reflected the impact of a $390 million discretionary contribution to the pension plan in the quarter. Capital spending for the quarter was $367 million with $209 million spent on growth projects. Distributions to shareholders in the third quarter consisted of $356 million in dividends and $461 million in share repurchases. We finished the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 27%. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was 33%. Annualized adjusted year-to-date return on capital employed was 8%. Slide five compares third quarter and second quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings increased by $289 million, driven by improvements in Refining, partially offset by lower Chemicals results. Slide six shows our Midstream results. Transportation-adjusted net income for the quarter was $98 million, up $24 million from the prior quarter. The increase was due to a full quarter of commercial operations on the Bakken pipeline. In addition, we had higher crude oil throughput volumes due to high utilization at refineries integrated with our Midstream assets. In NGL, the $14 million decrease from the prior quarter was largely due to hurricane impacts on fractionation and export volumes. DCP Midstream had adjusted net income of $1 million in the third quarter. The $12 million decrease from the second quarter was due to the impact of rising NGL prices on forward hedges, as well as $6 million of asset impairments. After removing non-controlling interests of $32 million, Midstream's third quarter adjusted earnings were $67 million, $3 million higher than the second quarter. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven, third quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $153 million, $43 million lower than the second quarter. In Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted earnings decreased by $42 million, primarily due to lower margins and volumes from hurricane-related downtime, which resulted in 83% utilization. The earnings impact from low utilization was somewhat mitigated by inventory drawdown during the quarter. Adjusted earnings for SA&S increased by $1 million, as higher equity earnings resulting from less unplanned downtime, was mostly offset by lower margins. In Refining, crude utilization was 98% for the quarter, consistent with the second quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $43 million, $111 million lower than the second quarter. Clean product yield was 85%, consistent with the prior quarter. Realized margin was $10.49 per barrel, up from $8.44 per barrel last quarter. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings. In total, the Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $548 million, a $315 million improvement from last quarter. This increase was driven by improved margins in all regions and lower turnaround costs. Adjusted earnings in the Atlantic Basin were $172 million, up $63 million from the second quarter. The increase was primarily driven by a 25% improvement in the market crack during the third quarter. The Gulf Coast adjusted earnings improved $21 million during the quarter, due to the higher market crack. Partially offset by lower clean product utilizations and lower volumes. The lower utilizations resulted from the rise in prices relative to the timing of pipeline shipments and Sweeny refinery downtime during the highest margin period of the quarter. Adjusted earnings in the central corridor were $198 million, up $169 million from the previous quarter. The increase was driven by a 42% improvement in the market crack as well as lower turnaround costs and higher volumes as the Billings refinery completed a turnaround in the second quarter. In the West Coast, adjusted earnings improved $62 million over the previous quarter. The increase was primarily due to the higher distillate crack. Slide nine covers market capture. The 321 market crack for the quarter was $18.19 per barrel compared to $14.06 per barrel in the first quarter. Our realized margin for the third quarter was $10.49 per barrel resulting in an overall market capture of 58%, down slightly from 60% in the prior quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. During the third quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $2.10 per barrel were lower than the previous quarter due to improved NGL and fuel oil prices relative to crude. Feedstock advantage improved realized margins by $0.62 per barrel, which was consistent with the prior quarter. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. This category reduced realized margins by $3.20 per barrel compared with $1.30 per barrel in the prior quarter, mainly due to Gulf Coast clean product realizations and higher RINs costs. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted third quarter earnings were $211 million, $7 million lower than the second quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $22 million decrease in adjusted earnings was largely due to lower realized margins. We continue to see volume uplift from our reimaging program with a 3% year-over-year improvement in gasoline sales at our reimage sites. Specialties' adjusted earnings were $48 million, an increase of $15 million over the prior quarter, mainly due to higher equity earnings from the Excel Paralubes joint venture, driven by higher utilization. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted tax-tax net costs of $121 million this quarter compared to $142 million in the prior quarter. The $21 million decrease in net costs was primarily due to tax adjustments. Slide 12 shows the changing cash during the year. We entered the year with $2.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations for the first three quarters was about $2.6 billion. Working capital changes decreased cash flow by about $900 million, primarily due to inventory bills. Year-to-date, we funded approximately $1.3 billion of capital expenditures and investments and distributed $2.2 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 507 million shares outstanding and our cash balance was $1.5 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next I'll cover a few outlook items. In the fourth quarter in Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the high 70%s due to continued downtime at CPChem Cedar Bayou facility. We expect most of the units to be online by the end of November. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expenses to be between $100 million and $130 million. We expect Corporate and Other costs to come in between $125 million and $145 million after tax. In December, we will provide further details on our 2018 capital program. With that, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Good morning, team.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: Greg or Kevin. I want to start on the $2 billion to $3 billion capital spending range for 2018. Very wide range kind of in line with our expectations. But given the fact that you've lowered 2017 capital spend, is it fair to assume that we should think that you're going to be erring on the lower end of that range? And recognizing that you're going to provide more color here in a couple weeks?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I mean, Neil, thanks for the question. So someone said that's wide enough you could drive a truck through it. But it's been very consistent with the last couple of years we've been saying $1 billion sustaining capital and $1 billion to $2 billion of growth capital, and $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase. So we go to the board in early December on our capital budget, and I certainly don't want to front run that. But what I would tell you in terms of capital, we still expect we're going to be on the high end of that range. In terms of share repurchase, we don't expect we're going to be on the low end of that range.
Neil Mehta: Understood. Understood. On Chemicals, can you talk about Cedar Bayou, just in terms of project and service? I think you said by the end of November and what's left to be done mechanically there, and then again can you reiterate the targets for the end of the first quarter for the new chemical capacity to come online for next year?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Hi, Neil. It's Tim Taylor. In terms of the operating units at Cedar Bayou, we've gotten our first unit back up in operation in mid-October. It's the 1-hexene unit, which is a very critical component for polyethylene manufacturing globally. And we've done that. We're getting utilities back up as we speak. And we would anticipate that the cracker should be up by mid-November. And then there's a couple of polyethylene units that will come up maybe in early December. So essentially by mid-November, we expect to have most of that complex back up. And it's really around making sure the instrumentation that was wet is functional, replacing that, motors, those kinds of things. So it tend to be a lot more electrical work in terms of the repair on the facility. And as you might guess, bringing back electrical power substations and switchgear for that. A similar story around the cracker. There's two things going on the new cracker at Cedar Bayou. One, there was a need to repair some of the instruments and the motors that are associated with the new cracker. That's ongoing as well. But in conjunction with that, we've continued to work on completing the mechanical part of that. And that's gone well as well. So we've been able to pull the progress forward like we had hoped on both of those, and so the mechanical completion in the first quarter on the start-up looks in terms of feed in, we're still confident that we can hit that date and that really puts us I think in the full commercial operation on new cracker in the second quarter. So, more to come as we go through that, but we have been pleased with the progress that everyone on the team out there has made in terms of their commitment, the organization and getting it done, and getting that unit back in operation.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi, Greg. More positive dynamics in many ways in Refining. Are you cheering up about it at all? I know you've been pretty resolutely determined not to increase any spending. Firstly, I was wondering is there any potential maybe on the strength for you to think harder about leaving California, which you might have talked about in the past. And then secondly, can you see a structurally better argument for the industry right now? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so Paul, I would tell you, we're more constructive on refining for 2018. Certainly if you think back to 2016, coming into 2017, we were pretty negative. But we've seen the inventory clear out with the hurricanes, fundamentally demand is pretty good. We're in the turnaround season now and in the first quarter. So I think we're  our view is we're starting to be at mid-cycle or better in terms of cracks in 2018, and so we're pretty positive around that environment. The other thing I would just say is across the portfolio, we're pretty happy with the portfolio. You get frustrated from time to time with California and what goes on there, but still reasonably good assets, well positioned, generating good cash for us. And so I don't think you'll see us doing things with the California assets in the near term. And then fundamentally, I think about 2018 for us, we're coming off of kind of peak capital spending, we've got the new assets coming on, so we really are hitting the pivot point in terms of free cash flow generation for us with new cash coming from the  assets coming on and reduced capital expenditures. So I think I'm pretty constructive about 2018.
Paul Sankey: And I guess, are you guys still relatively long distillate? I think that's always been the historic case. I wondered if others have kind of caught up with you.
Greg C. Garland: So I think that's true. I think that when you look at our portfolio, how we're configured, we do like distillate because we make a lot of it.
Paul Sankey: Yes, and then could I just follow up did you just  forgive me if I missed this  did you just address  actually, I'll tell you what. I'll ask it a different way. One of the things that's happening with CapEx is that it's coming down on costs and we've heard actually ConocoPhillips say that one of the issues was that people have kind of tapped the brakes in the U.S. E&P and I can understand how that would temper costs. But it's not clear to me with relatively tight labor markets and ongoing expansions in chemicals, how the costs have come down so successfully given the scale of labor. Labor is part of the overall budgets there. Could you just talk a little bit about where the benefits and the cost benefits have come for you guys? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think in terms of costs and construction costs, I'm not sure we've seen a big decrease yet. I think as the E&P's tap the brakes that will free up some capacity. But there's still a ton of petrochemical going on, on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And so that obviously plays into that. But I don't think we've seen it.
Paul Sankey: My understanding was that your CapEx could come down again. And I guess it's got a very wide range because of that cost uncertainty. Is that fair because of the lower cost certainty.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Paul. So I would say, so the CapEx coming down is a function of a couple things. One is we're kind of through that big push in terms of the big projects we've been doing. And then led by you and others, I think there's an important conversation going on, on growth and returns in the upstream business. And as we look at what's going on out there, we see a lot of return challenge projects. And part of our reduction in capital this year has been around the delay of the frac decision. But it's also around some projects that we've just chosen not to proceed with that we had laid in the plan because they didn't meet our return hurdle requirements. So I think you had that dynamic going on too. And then everyone's looking at the Permian. And in a $40, $60 world it seems to make sense. But everyone sees the opportunity, and so there's a lot of people chasing the volumes coming out of the Permian. And you just look at those returns, and those are tough returns, particularly in the Midstream space.
Paul Sankey: Got it. Thanks, Greg. Have a good weekend.
Greg C. Garland: You too. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I wonder if you can give us an update on the thoughts on CPChem going to cracker 2. Obviously we're seeing some swings in the dividend distribution, it looks like. And I'm just curious if the appetite on both partners is the same to move forward and when you might expect to hear about it.
Greg C. Garland: So I would tell you that, I mean we are advancing the next project. We're doing engineering work on it. We haven't agreed on a date for the FID for that project. But I'm guessing it's sometime late 2019, 2020 would be the appropriate time on that, Doug.
Doug Leggate: So just to be clear. That would be funded at the CPChem level. In other words, that would obviously impact distributions.
Greg C. Garland: Correct.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Doug, it depends a bit on the capital structure. They have the ability, clearly, great credit rating. And they have the ability to help finance those projects. And so I think that's the other variable to distribution policy. But I think both owners want to see distributions continue, yet we have to do that in the most capital-efficient way. The only other comment I'd add on that too is that CPChem continues to look outside the U.S. for opportunities as well. And so I think there's a number of things that they're looking at beyond just a U.S. Gulf Coast cracker for the second project.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I appreciate that, Tim. Thank you. My follow up, Greg, is kind of a bit of a convoluted question, I guess. Before we had the export ban lifted on crude oil, the whole industry seemed to pivot to take advantage of what seemed to be something of a structural crude spread. I realize it's there now, but I don't think, I guess there was a debate over how wide that remains. But my point is, or my question is rather, that as you see pricing exports really ramp up in the U.S. from the Gulf Coast, pricing in Gulf Coast crude, light sweet crude seems to be linking more to Brent than to WTI, let's say. So I'm just curious. Does that change the dynamics of your crude slate? Do you see more challenged pricing coming from that shift towards lighter sweet crude? Or do you think it just kind of washes out? I'm just curious on your perception. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: I'll let Tim take it.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Doug, as we think about it, you're right. The Gulf Coast much more linked to Brent because you've got the opportunity for imports as well as exports. What's interesting right now is the pull on WTI and more the inland crudes to make it there to the export market. And so we've actually seen some infrastructure bottlenecks that probably get alleviated, but probably speak to a wider WTI Brent, a little wider than we would have expected probably over the last year. In terms of crude slate, I think from our perspective, it certainly in the mid-con WTI's advantage versus Brent, that's a positive for that. I think on the coastal regions it just increases your optionality if you're looking at light crudes to import or to use U.S. crude. So I think the world is just kind of rebalancing about what's the optimum crude on the light side. We haven't seen much of an economic incentive to really change between light and heavy. And so it will take a lot more differential to drive that. So I think it's really been more about crude choices and I think the world is sorting out where is the best destination for the different crude types that become available. But the coastal regions are just much more competitive on that, from that basis.
Doug Leggate: Tim, can you offer a perspective on what's keeping TI Brent so wide as it stands today?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think to us, A, the hurricane costs and disruptions in terms of export capability, we've seen really strong exports out of the U.S. And with that disconnect, there's a need to try and move that WTI, particularly from Cushing and other areas down into the export market. And that space has just really become more valuable. So I think the response has been that the transportation cost to get it there has gone up, and that's led to a wider differential, that probably comes in over time as that gets debottlenecked, but it looks structurally  as we think about the demand export pull, we think that leads to a bit wider WTI Brent, but probably not in the range that we're seeing today. It should be tighter.
Greg C. Garland: So TI has been weaker but Brent's been stronger.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: I think that's part of the formula, too. And I think when we think about the fourth quarter turnarounds, et cetera, we're probably $4 to $6 on that spread. But I don't think that's sustainable long-term. I think as you get into 2018 and some of the infrastructure, you get normalization in the markets. We're still thinking long-term that that spread is something under $4.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, fellows. I look forward to seeing you in December. Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Take care.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Phil M. Gresh: Yes. Hi. First question is, as you kind of have this more muted capital spending outlook on a go-forward basis, do you think that there's opportunities out there from an M&A perspective, from a capital allocation standpoint, or as you look at the returns of M&A, is it equally as challenging as what you're talking about with some of the organic opportunities?
Greg C. Garland: Valuations still look high to us. So I do think that  particularly if you look at the Midstream space, you have a lot of folks that are highly levered, high yield, high cost of capital, trying to compete out there. So I do think there's going to be some consolidation coming in the Midstream space. So we'll see how that plays out. But when you look at some of the assets have changed hands at 20 times, it's just hard to see how you create value doing that for your shareholders.
Phil M. Gresh: Sure. Okay. Second question for Kevin, just on the cash flow statement, there's some moving pieces this quarter, lower deferred taxes, some headwinds from equity affiliates. If you could just maybe elaborate on those and talk about your outlook, especially on deferred tax, since it was such a high number in the first half of the year.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah Phil, so on deferred taxes, a lot of that benefit that we had been recognizing reflected the assets going into service this year and the impact of bonus depreciation which for this year is 50% year one depreciation. With the start-up of the cracker being pushed into the first quarter of 2018, we have backed off of that recognizing that benefit in 2017. And so what you saw in the third quarter was a reversal of what we had recognized year-to-date for depreciation on the cracker. And so I think when you get to the fourth quarter, you'll still  you'll see some deferred tax tailwind again. In the third quarter, it was essentially zero as the reversal offset the other positive impacts there. And then on a go-forward basis, you would normally expect given the couple of billion dollars of capital expenditures and the profile of the tax depreciation, you'd normally expect some degree of benefit from a deferred tax standpoint. And just as a reminder, bonus depreciation, 2018 assets placed in service, that first year depreciation is 40%. It drops from 50% to 40%. In 2019, it drops to 30%. And then you have the normal makers depreciation on top of that. So expect to see some, a resumption to a more normal level of deferred tax benefit in future periods.
Phil M. Gresh: Okay. Very helpful. And then just on working capital, you've had a pretty big usage year-to-date. Is that something you expect some reversal  normalization from the storms or anything like that in the fourth quarter?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, you will. And the big piece of the drag year-to-date on working capital has been associated with inventory build. And so you can expect to see some of that come back in the fourth quarter as is usually the case. Typically don't see the full cash benefit of that in the fourth quarter because some of it carries over into the first quarter. But I would expect to see some of that come back in the fourth quarter. The other item, I'm just thinking back to your original question, was around distributions, and so lower distributions from equity affiliates in the third quarter. The big impact there was CPChem. So we had good distributions in the second quarter, nothing in the third quarter, and we're not expecting anything in the fourth quarter given that their focus is on bringing the Cedar Bayou back up, and the new cracker. And so anticipating slightly less distributions than we would have for the year. But as you look forward into 2018, you would think with CPChem, with the CapEx coming down, the incremental cash flow from the new project. So I'd expect CPChem distributions to be $600 million to $800 million for the year, somewhere in that range to us. And then you've got DCP distributions coming at a  they're not as significant, but a reasonable rate, probably $100 million to $150 million, little bit out of WRB. So I think that undistributed equity earnings on the cash statement will come down a little bit in 2018 relative to where it's been in this year and prior years.
Phil M. Gresh: Yes. It's very helpful. And did you mention something about Colonial Pipeline timing in your opening remarks on the Gulf Coast for refining?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, I did. And that was in the context of price realization, actual price realizations relative to the marker benchmark price in terms of the way that pricing mechanism works relative to timing of when volumes go into the pipeline. So that's a phenomenon we often see in the Gulf Coast. It's all the timing effects.
Phil M. Gresh: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning, Paul.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Good afternoon. Several questions, on the hurricane, once that the  well, first of all then, can you quantify for us how big is the total cost and opportunity cost in the third quarter? And what that may look like in the fourth quarter? Is there any estimate that you can provide?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Paul. This is Kevin. I mean, we broke out the actual costs associated with the hurricane. We haven't given a specific margin impact. I mean, you can kind of get there from the utilization and the volume variances that we've given. As you look forward into the fourth quarter in Chemicals, the way we see this, so you've got close to two months of downtime and repair activity in the fourth quarter compared to a month in the third quarter. So the cost element of that is going to be higher. So pre-tax, our share of the CPChem costs was $53 million in the third quarter. It's going to be north of that. It could be double that in the fourth quarter. But consistent with the third quarter, we'll special item treat that. So from an underlying basis, that won't impact the noise. And then the other element is going to be on volumes in Chemicals. So we guided to high 70% utilization. And one way to kind of think about that and rationalize it, Cedar Bayou is about a third of domestic O&P production for CPChem. So you've got a third of that production offline for two-thirds of the quarter, and you get to that kind of 20% impact on utilization.
Paul Cheng: And, Tim, once the  do you think cracker is start-up. How long you take before you ramp to the full production? What kind of expectation there should we use?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I think if you  let's say, ethane at the end of the first quarter, you're still on the commissioning piece of that. Normally barring any equipment things, 30 to 60 days really would be kind of the expectation to shake down and make sure that all the instrumentation and the controls are tuned. So you should see a ramp-up over the quarter. But by mid-year, if we do that, you would expect it to run at design capacity.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Greg C. Garland: So, Paul, I would just point out with the new polyethylene capacity, Sweeny is already running.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: So just think about the total balance in the system. As we get the polyethylene back up at Cedar, I think that we plan to get up pretty quick, and we plan to be running at capacity for the new project.
Paul Cheng: Great. Tim, is there any turnaround activities because of Harvey being pushed into 2018?
Timothy Garth Taylor: No, we've, Ponca City is in a turnaround right now. We really haven't pushed turnarounds. We're sticking with our schedule. So we gave some guidance on that. But nothing unusual as a response to Harvey.
Paul Cheng: And two final questions. One is on the NGL, the business. I mean, even after we adjust for the special items and all that, it's still pretty disappointing from a financial performance standpoint other than, say, the commodity market becoming better, is there anything internally that the company can do in turn in order to get much better, or that is really waiting for the commodity market to turn? And then the final question is I'm curious that with the IMO 2020, is there any large or reasonably large refining capital project that you guys have in mind?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Okay. So I'll take the LPG, Paul. So you're right, there's the market, and it's a tight market. Propane is very dear in the U.S. and that's the market fundamental. I think that's just something that we're working through. In terms of what we have done is we've actually got the frac rate now up to the 100,000 design rate. We're loading the capability now to do 10 cargos a month. And so I think you work on the volume side that's clearly not sufficient. And then we continue to work on how to improve the cost, right. The logistics costs for all the products that we do, and so we're making progress on that. So I think we look at that and say let's work the commercial terms, let's work the cost side, and let's just make sure that we run efficiently. And then we'll keep pulling away at the market piece. But that's really the focus both particularly on the commercial side in terms of the contracting side and how we go about that. So I think that's what we do in this case, and we look out and we look at our NGL pipes are doing quite well. We're going to expand those. So we see that extra NGL supply coming. And I think those exports are going to continue to grow, and that's the market change that you're waiting to see. But in the interim, you have to continue to work on trying to improve those results through the things that you can control.
Paul Cheng: Tim, how big is the opportunity you see or that you guys are hoping to get in terms of improving the margins or improving the costs?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, maybe one way to think about that is $0.05 a gallon for us on that is probably on the terminal is about $100 million, and I think realistically you're looking for something in that range of $0.05, maybe slightly less, to try and drive that improvement on a short-term basis.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you. And in terms of the IMO 2020, any kind of capital investment that you guys have in mind on the refining side related to that?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Paul, so we kind of looked at that. And I know there's a lot of exuberance in the industry around the spec change, and I think it's probably constructive in terms of diesel cracks, but I don't think it's going to be enough that it would incent us to make an investment. So, right now, we have no plans to really invest anything around our assets in terms of that, and we look at the spec change and how it might impact our facilities. It's a little bit of an impact at Ferndale, Wood River, and Bayway and through adjusting the crude slate and just destroying it in the cokers, we can manage that. And then on the upside on  so it's 3.5 million barrels a day in a 35 million barrel market, it should be constructive. But I think ship owners are going to have options. How they impact that. And so I don't think we're just describing a lot of upside value yet to the IMO spec change in terms of the cracks.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Blake Fernandez from Scotia Howard Weil, please go ahead. Your line is open. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks. Folks, good morning. Kevin, I wanted to go back to the cash flow statement if I could. I just wanted to clarify for one that the discretionary pension contribution, is that embedded in the other line item up in cash provided from operating activities?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Blake, it is. It's in that other  on the cash flow statement, that's right. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Because when I looked last year, it looks like you had a similar hit in 3Q. I'm not sure if that was the driver. But I guess my question is, is this something that kind of typically occurs on an annual basis or does this kind of contribution defer that kind of payment for some period of time?
Kevin J. Mitchell: I think you can view what we've done this year as meeting our needs for a period of time in terms of any sort of sizable contributions into the pension plan. We did do a payment in the third quarter of last year, but it was not as big as this one, I think. It was not big enough; I don't think we even called it out in our discussion on cash flow. I think it was something in the order of half of the magnitude. But with this one, we should be good for a little while. I mean, there's still other elements of contribution, including the non-discretionary, but this will take care of most of that for a little while. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Got it. Okay. And the second question, I'm going to show my ignorance here in the Chemicals business, but I was curious to see the chain margins kind of come down in 3Q. It looks like it's actually lower than where we were in the first half of the year. I guess I thought, or was anticipating, a similar impact to what you see in Refining when you have a hurricane hit and margins expand due to industry downtime. Is there just kind of a lag impact? Or can you give us any sense of where margins are shaking out currently in 4Q?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Just a real quick comment on the margin. The margins in the market still fairly consistent. I think what you're seeing is the impact of the extra cost and the downtime in terms of the CPChem cash cost. And so the indicative margin for the markets are actually  have slightly improved over the quarter, but fairly consistent in that. If you look at IHS data, roughly in that $0.30 per pound range on the cracking side. So we haven't seen  we've seen strength in the polyethylene, but we just haven't seen a huge spike with that. But it has been constructive from a market standpoint. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. And, Tim, just to clarify, I would assume that that cost component would obviously normalize lower as the facility comes online, right?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Absolutely. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. All right. Okay. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger D. Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Roger
Roger D. Read: I guess just to follow up really on the Midstream side. I know you're going to be a little hesitant with the CapEx for 2018 still ahead here in the near term, but you mentioned valuations you wouldn't really want to buy anything right here, CapEx maybe if it stays modest, you don't really want to build, but you see the NGL market continuing to grow in terms of volumes. Maybe without going  getting too specific on frac too, just how are you looking at the best growth opportunities down the line here as we think about 2018 and 2019 in the Midstream area?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, certainly exports on the crude, so we're continuing to debottleneck on Beaumont for instance at our terminal storage around that, looking at our refining system on clean products. As we think around the system, we look at ways to increase options on both the products and the crude side. Those are typically smaller projects. On the bigger project side, I'd say there's a lot of activity and a lot of interest. But what we're seeing is that our customers are kind of deferred their decisions about commitments on pipes as well as this thing as they look at all the opportunities out there. And I think that was  that's a piece of the lower CapEx. But clearly the midstream opportunity is going to follow the upstream, and so we still see that. But I think we're in a period of a couple of years still that that still shakes out from the upstream side as well. And so I think we're matching the rhythm in terms of the upstream resource. And then we're shifting more to what do we do around our system, and continue to do those projects and those things that support that integrated network.
Roger D. Read: So that would sound like an environment where margins should get better if the infrastructure starts to get tighter. Is that kind of a reasonable take away there?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, that would be  yeah, I think two things. As Greg pointed out, a lot of competition for infrastructure right now particularly out of the Permian. But, yes, I think you're seeing that today out of the mid-con and you're seeing responses as well. So all those things come together to create the opportunity. But in the end, you need commitments from producers to make those things happen. I think that's the segment where it's most dynamic around the opportunities. So I think we'll continue to look at that from a return standpoint and opportunity standpoint, still see the opportunity, the question is, are the returns there right now that make sense.
Roger D. Read: Okay. Thanks. And then changing gears slightly to CPChem. If you ran inventories down this quarter, presumably either  I'm sorry, not in this quarter  in the third quarter. We would expect probably an inventory build in the first half of next year to make up for that. And then specific to the cost that will be borne in the fourth quarter here, is that going to be treated as they were in the third quarter as kind of a called out special item not part of the recurring? I mean, it's a little bit nitty-gritty, but I'm just curious how that's going to roll through.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Roger. It's Kevin. So I think the answer is yes to both. So in terms of inventory, you will see as everything comes back online some rebuild of inventory. So although the utilization will be up, the sales volumes won't quite match because of the inventory build. And then, yes, on the repair costs, those will be special items treated again as we did in the third quarter.
Roger D. Read: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everyone. Greg, I guess a question on repurchases. There's been a lot of talk on the call about how equity income should improve as the new cracker comes online and so forth. Does that make you feel any differently about the sort of $1 billion to $2 billion range of annual repurchases that you've talked about historically?
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think without question, we're going to generate more free cash flow. Long-term, we're still comfortable with our 60-40 allocation methodology, and so although this year we're closer to 50-50 probably when you look at it. And we'll flex as we need to around that. But long-term I still think the 60-40 is good guidance and appropriate of how we'd like to allocate capital.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. And then switching to PSXP, I think in the past you've talked about how you don't see any need to do anything with the IDRs in the near future. But obviously some of your peers, or more of your peers, have now made that switch. So any updated thoughts there?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, I think that we did a very successful financing and you'll hear it close in October. So I think it showed that we still had access to capital market. But I think, long-term, you've got to have the right optimal capital structure. So I think there's a time and a place to address that. But we haven't seen that as a significant issue for us yet. But I think it's certainly a very topical discussion and something that we think about in terms of how you deliver the optimum value for both the general partner and the LP. And so I think you've always got to keep that in mind as you think about IDRs and your capital structure at the MLP.
Brad Heffern: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Spiro Dounis from UBS Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro M. Dounis: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow up on two prior comments. First one, Greg, you mentioned that 20 times valuation multiple which is actually something one of your peers mentioned yesterday as well. So I guess I'm trying to figure out it seems like, when you look at the Midstream MLP public equities, they're a bit challenged right now and yet we hear about deals being done at these elevated levels and just wondering what you think is driving that dislocation between public equity and maybe just these one-off asset deals?
Greg C. Garland: I think the Permian feels a little frothy to me right now, and we'll see where does it shake out. There's a lot of folks chasing those volumes, and so I think they're just out there. We're not going to do a 20 times deal. It's pretty simple. I mean we looked at those deals, and we passed on those deals. It's just hard to create value when you're going to pay 20 times and trade it down to 12 to 15. So we're just not going to do that. I do think that what this is telling you, though, is returns have to come up in the Midstream space, and so I think we're just on that cusp of  I think you're going to see people start partnering in Midstream to do projects. And that's kind of the first step. And you'll see people thinking about acquisitions or mergers in that space. And so I think that's kind of the logical order of what we're going to see play out over the next, call it, 15 to 18 months in that Midstream space. We still think that there's good opportunities in the Permian. We think the volumes are going to flow. I'd tell you  we haven't said it, but we're still constructive on an additional frac capacity at Sweeny. And whether we get that done late this year or early next year, I think we still feel pretty good about the ability to get that done. You think about kind of DCP through the 66 type of assets and the offerings that we can offer producers there. I still have good confidence in that. But, yes, it's going to be  we're in a state of flux right now in MLP land, if you want to think about it that way. And a lot of people are going to be challenged. Tim?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I'd just say that at 20 times multiple, you've got to have significant volume growth. So I think people are really thinking that there's going to be large volume growth or they've got some deeper synergies with their existing partner systems. But that's the only way that we could see that you could do that. And from our perspective, there is risk when we look at that.
Spiro M. Dounis: Yeah. No, that makes sense. Appreciate those comments. Second one, staying with the Midstream theme here, just on PSXP hitting that $1.1 billion run rate. Trying to figure out which sort of camp you guys fit in going forward to achieve that target. And I guess one way, Greg, as you mentioned you're sort of within striking distance of it now, but one way to look at it is you're going to blow right past it, and crush it. Or maybe the other way to look at it is you don't want to create an equity issuance overhang on PSXP equity again. So maybe just sort of a nice glidepath to that runway. Which way is maybe closer to how you're looking at it?
Greg C. Garland: I think we've been pretty consistent. We're going to be at $1.1 billion run rate EBITDA at the end of 2018. And certainly I think we have assets in the portfolio, we could blow past through that if we wanted to. But I don't think you'll see us do that. We'll be consistent with the guidance. And as you think about post 2018, I think the market is going to tell us how fast to grow, what top quartile really looks like in that. But the thing we want to emphasize is that we have the portfolio of assets that we can grow at that necessary rate to build value for the unitholders and for the shareholders of PSX.
Spiro M. Dounis: Makes sense. Appreciate the color. Thanks, everyone.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Faisel Khan from Citigroup, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Faisel H. Khan: Thanks. Good afternoon. I was just reading about the Phillips 66ers basketball team as I was waiting in the queue, and I thought I saw Tim and Greg on here.
Greg C. Garland: Well, yes, maybe. We're not tall enough.
Faisel H. Khan: Fair enough. Neither am I. I just want to go back to one of the  a couple of comments you made on the LPG side, the $0.05 to $100 million sort of number you threw out there. Was that just on the LPG loading of sort of the uncontracted capacity? Or how were you sort of talking about that number?
Greg C. Garland: Well, what we think about it is: A, is there a thing going shipping rates, are there things on the loading contract. And then there's acquisition costs. We bought on the outside, the propane, so logistics costs around that. Thinking about our product logistics, so we've made success in reducing those costs. So it's a combination of all of the above that you work on and then of course there's always the operating cost of the unit. But I think we're really focused on is how do we work on the product realizations and the purchase realization, and then also the commercial contract side as a way to drive that. But that's what you have to keep working on and trying to increase your spreads in this market.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. So that was like a blended number on the entire integrated complex as a whole?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. I'm just saying when you take  when you look at the LPG terminal and you look at the volume and you  $0.05 a gallon is about $100 million, and that's a target we'd like to put out there. But it's going to take  it takes a lot of work and, but that's where we'd like to see that go.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. Got you. And then just on the bottlenecks you sort of described around Brent TI. Are you seeing right now existing pipeline bottlenecks? I understand all the stuff is left over from the hurricane and from tropical storm, Nate. But was there some sort of existing bottleneck that you're seeing or pointing towards that's telling you that the diffs wide for a reason?
Greg C. Garland: I think if you tried to pick up space on one of the pipes today out of Cushing to the Gulf, you would find that the spot rates are higher. And I think that speaks to that there's just a lot of demand for that movement. And so it's kind of created a market dislocation as a result of that. When you get new pipes, using the Sealy, I mean the Sealy connection sets with Enterprise, some of those will begin to alleviate that. The new pipe order in Memphis will probably start to pull on WTI as well. But I still think, given the export pricing that we're seeing with the strong Brent, you're going to want to move that south. So it's going to be interesting to watch over time just how valuable that pipeline space continues to be.
Faisel H. Khan: Gotcha. And then just on the last  this last financing and dropped the PSXP, I mean, this looks like it solves your runway to growth to $1.1 billion or pretty close to it by the end of next year. So do you actually need to do another deal at all between now and the end of next year and to PSXP?
Timothy Garth Taylor: So, we do have both organic projects that are maturing to help add to that EBITDA to the $1.1 billion total, and then we have the capability to supplement that with dropdowns. And so we anticipate from an equity standpoint that anything we need we can access through the ATM. But I think this is a market where you try to minimize your access to that to create the most value. So it's a pretty small gap compared to what we had, and so we think it's very achievable at a good accretive return back to the LP.
Faisel H. Khan: Got you. And then just last question for me, the year-to-date, the 8% sort of return on capital employed, can you just remind us again what your guys' targets are over the long run and where you want to see that number get to especially with all the projects that are sort of coming to an end here?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Faisel, this is Kevin. Well, at a minimum, we want to see our return on capital above our cost of capital. But as you look  if you look back historically, we've been across the entire portfolio 11%, 12% kind of level. And that's where we would really expect to see the overall portfolio of assets generating a blended return that gets you back to that range. Obviously we'll always take higher, and you see the different segments are generating different returns across there. But I think you're targeting getting back north of 10% as being a reasonable level to be at.
Faisel H. Khan: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Justin Jenkins from Raymond James, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin S. Jenkins: Great. Thanks. I think we covered most of what I had, but maybe a quick follow up on the Midstream side. Greg, you mentioned some frothy devaluation in the Permian, but any update out of that area on that on the organic side with the Rodeo project?
Timothy Garth Taylor: On the Rodeo project  this is Tim. I'll just respond. On that one, still working. I think it goes back to my comment that we're seeing the customers and producers just kind of deferring decisions until, I think, they sort through options in the energy markets. So I think it's one we just continue to develop a lot of interest out there on both the NGL as well as the crude side and of course DCP just did something on the gas side. So I think you just have to be thoughtful about where does it fit and can you drive maximum value to make that accretive. But the organic piece if you can put it together is certainly more accretive I think than an inorganic acquisition.
Justin S. Jenkins: Perfect. Appreciate that, Tim. And then maybe real quick on the heavier crude differential side, apologize if we've covered this already, but seems like a lot of anecdotes on quality issues from Venezuela, and I think you've shifted away from those barrels. But any issues with sourcing overall and maybe your views towards heavier diffs in 2018?
Timothy Garth Taylor: No, we've agreed on the quality issues out of Venezuela. Clearly, the OPEC cuts have impacted pretty heavily the heavy grade. So you've seen that light, medium light, heavy differential come in. But the Canadian crude has filled a lot of that gap. And so I think there's still  we've not seen any impact in our system about which crudes and the availability to buy. But where we buy has shifted significantly around as we look through options for supply. So haven't really seen a limitation on that. But we would expect that will continue as long as OPEC cuts continue to keep that narrower than what you've seen in the past couple years on the light heavy spread.
Justin S. Jenkins: Perfect. Appreciate it. Have a good weekend, guys.
Greg C. Garland: You too. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Julie, and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosy, C.W. or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie and I will be operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Jeff Dietert, Vice President, Investor Relations. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $569 million, or $1.09 per share. We delivered good operating performance and generated strong cash flow during the quarter. Utilization increased to 98% in Refining and in CPChem's Olefins and Polyolefins. This represented our second-highest quarter in Refining and the highest utilization CPChem has achieved in the last 10 years. In addition, during the quarter, several of our facilities were recognized at the Annual AFPM Safety Awards. Out of approximately 275 refining and petchem facilities eligible for recognition, 11 total U.S. refineries were recognized for their strong safety performance. Of those 11 refineries, 6 were Phillips 66 facilities. And our Lake Charles Refinery, received the 2016 Distinguished Safety Award, the highest industry recognition. Lake Charles has gone two years and over 11 million hours without a reportable. We're really proud of the people of Phillips 66 through their hard work and dedication, they're demonstrating our commitment to operating excellence and that we can achieve a zero accident workplace, that every employee and contractor can go home safe to their families every day. Cash from operations for the quarter was $1.9 billion, the highest since 2013 and includes the impact of discretionary distributions from CPChem and DCP. We continue to maintain our commitment to shareholder distributions. During the second quarter, we raised our dividend by 11% and increased share repurchases by nearly $100 million to $380 million for the quarter. In our first five years as a company, we've increased the dividend at a 30% compound annual growth rate and repurchased or exchanged 131 million shares, representing more than 20% of our initial shares outstanding. During the quarter, we made significant progress on several growth initiatives, breaching major milestones in key projects in Midstream, Chemicals and Refining. In Midstream, commercial operation started on the Bakken Pipeline. The pipeline moves crude from the Bakken field in North Dakota to delivery points in Patoka, Illinois and Nederland, Texas. Phillips 66 has a 25% interest in this joint venture. The Bakken pipeline feeds our Beaumont Terminal, which we continue to expand. This quarter we added 1.2 million barrels of product storage and we're building over 2 million barrels of additional crude storage. As crude and product exports grow, Beaumont's well positioned to generate additional earnings. We're currently evaluating opportunities to build additional NGL fractionation capacity on the Gulf Coast. We plan to approve the project once commercial arrangements for NGL supply are finalized. Phillips 66 Partners remains an important part of our Midstream growth strategy. PSXP's run rate EBITDA has increased to $675 million, and the partnership's on track to reach its goal of $1.1 billion in run rate EBITDA by the end of 2018. In addition to drop-downs at the partnership, PSXP is pursuing a number of organic growth initiatives, including expansion of the Sand Hills and STACK JV pipelines. We expect construction to start this quarter on the second leg of the Bayou Bridge crude pipeline, which will extend the pipeline to St. James, Louisiana. In addition to the Sand Hills expansion, DCP Midstream is expanding its DJ Basin footprint with the construction of the Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant, which should be completed by the end of 2018. DCP has also announced plans to participate in a joint venture natural gas pipeline out of the Permian. In Chemicals, CPChem achieved a major milestone on the U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals process by reaching mechanical completion on the polyethylene units. Commissioning activities are progressing and the two units should be fully operational later this quarter. Ethane cracker is scheduled for mechanical completion in the fourth quarter of this year. In marketing, we continue to enhance our network by reimaging sites domestically and growing the number of sites in Europe. To date, we have reimaged over 1,000 sites. Gasoline volumes at the reimaged sites are improved by 3% year-over-year. In Refining, the Billings Refinery completed a capital project in June which increases heavy crude processing capability to 100%. The project was completed safely, on time and on budget. At the Bayway and Wood River refineries, we're modernizing FCC units, increase clean product yield. Both projects are expected to complete in the first half of 2018. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to go through the financial results.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning. Starting with an overview on slide 4, second quarter earnings were $550 million. We had two special items that netted to a loss of $19 million. We recognized a $34 million net charge for pension settlement expense. This was partially offset by an insurance claim reimbursement. After removing these items, adjusted earnings were $569 million or $1.09 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was $1.9 billion. This includes a positive working capital impact. Capital spending for the quarter was $458 million, with $271 million spent on growth projects. Distributions to shareholders in the second quarter totaled $741 million, including $360 million in dividends and $381 million in share repurchases. We finished the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 25%. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was 32%. Annualized adjusted year-to-date return on capital employed was 6% through the second quarter. Slide 5 compares second quarter and first quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings increased by $275 million, driven by improvements in Refining and Marketing and Specialties. Slide 6 shows our Midstream results. Transportation adjusted net income for the quarter was $74 million, down $4 million from the prior quarter, mainly due to seasonally-higher maintenance spend. In NGL, we had adjusted net income of $14 million. The $3 million decrease was driven by seasonally-lower propane sales and higher turnaround impact at equity owned fractionators, partially offset by improved results at the Sweeny Hub. DCP Midstream had adjusted net income of $13 million in the second quarter. This represented a $4 million decrease from the first quarter, reflecting the impact of lower commodity prices and higher integrity spend. This was partially offset by a gain on an asset sale. After removing non-controlling interests of $37 million, Midstream's second quarter adjusted earnings were $64 million, $13 million lower than the first quarter. Turning to Chemicals on slide 7, second quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $196 million, $5 million lower than the first quarter. In Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted earnings increased by $18 million, primarily due to improved margins and higher volumes. Global O&P utilization was 98%, an improvement of 9 percentage points over the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings for SA&S decreased by $24 million due to the absence of the first quarter gain on CPChem's sale of its K-Resin business, as well as lower equity earnings. The reduction in equity earnings was driven by lower margins and unplanned downtime. In Refining, crude utilization was 98% for the quarter, 14 percentage points higher than the first quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $154 million, down from almost $300 million in the first quarter. Clean product yield was 85%. Realized margin was $8.44 per barrel, down slightly from last quarter. The chart on slide 8 provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings. In total, the Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $233 million, a $235 million improvement from last quarter. This increase was driven by significant improvements in the Atlantic Basin and West Coast regions, partially offset by decreases in the Gulf Coast and Central Corridor. Adjusted earnings in the Atlantic Basin were $159 million higher than last quarter. This increase was driven by improved market cracks, lower turnaround costs and higher utilization. Market cracks improved by nearly 40% during the second quarter and capacity utilization increased from 70% to 103% as the Bayway Refinery completed a major turnaround during the previous quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower clean product differentials as European cracks lagged PADD I cracks. In the West Coast, adjusted earnings improved $120 million over the previous quarter. This increase was primarily due to a higher gasoline crack and the positive impact on volumes and costs of completing a major turnaround at the Ferndale Refinery during the first quarter. The Gulf Coast saw lower adjusted earnings despite higher utilization and lower turnaround expenses, as these improvements were more than offset by lower margins driven by reduced feedstock advantage and lower clean product differentials. In the Central Corridor, adjusted earnings decreased by $33 million from the prior quarter, in large part due to the cost and volume impacts of the second quarter turnaround at the Billings Refinery and reduced feedstock advantage on Canadian crudes. The Billings turnaround was completed in June. Slide 9 covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the quarter was $14.06 per barrel compared to $12.24 in the first quarter. Our realized margin for the second quarter was $8.44 per barrel resulting in an overall market capture of 60%, down from 70% in the prior quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. During the second quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate then premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $2.44 per barrel were slightly lower than the previous quarter due to falling crude costs and higher coke prices. Feedstock advantage improved realized margins by $0.63 per barrel, $0.95 per barrel less than the first quarter as light medium and light heavy crude differentials tightened during the second quarter. The Other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. This category reduced realized margins by $1.30 per barrel compared with $0.67 per barrel in the prior quarter, mainly due to lower clean product differentials. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the second quarter were $218 million, $77 million higher than the first quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $61 million increase in adjusted earnings was largely due to higher margins and volumes. Specialties adjusted earnings increased by $16 million primarily due to improved base oil margins. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted after-tax net costs of $142 million this quarter compared to $123 million in the first quarter. The increase in net costs reflect lower capitalized interest due to project startups as well as certain tax adjustments. Slide 12 shows the change in cash during the second quarter. We entered the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations was $1.2 billion. Working capital changes increased cash flow by about $700 million and include the benefit of returning to normal operations following the high turnaround activity in the first quarter. We funded approximately $500 million of capital expenditures and investments and distributed over $700 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 512 million shares outstanding and our cash balance was $2.2 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In the third quarter, in Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and before tax turnaround expenses to be between $50 million and $80 million. We expect Corporate and Other costs to come in between $125 million and $140 million after-tax. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Philip M. Gresh: Hi, there. Good morning, good afternoon. First question just on the capital spending, obviously, you're trending quite well. Greg, I didn't hear anything about a reduction in the full year capital budget. I think last year at this time you did give a reduction because you were trending pretty well. So just what are your latest thoughts on CapEx for the full year?
Greg C. Garland: Well, first of all, I don't think you take the first six months and double it to get an annual number but I would say we're going through our midyear capital review now and I think in the last month or so we're going to give you some guidance around that. The question for us is really FID on the fracs and when do we take those. But I think we're at that point in the year, even if we do FID on in the third quarter, we're not to spend a lot of capital this year. It'll probably be an 2018 to 2019 lift for us on those. So I think you're going to see we're going to guide down in terms of capital by several hundred million dollars.
Philip M. Gresh: And how would you put that in the context of the longer-term outlook for capital spending, kind of the framework that you've laid out in the past?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, I still think the framework of $1 billion-ish of sustaining capital, $1 billion to $2 billion of growth capital is still, we think, of appropriate level for us going forward.
Philip M. Gresh: Got it okay. And then just the second question, in light of the commentary on Midstream and there's several moving pieces here on the NGL side of things but where are we on the $300 million to $500 million total EBITDA from the frac and the LPG export? Obviously there are some other factors here in the quarter as well but how would you frame that up and when do you think we can hit that full run rate?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so I'll take a quick stab at it and then Taylor can come over in the top and correct me, maybe, if I get it wrong. So, the frac, we've seen a lot of ethane rejection. We've seen heavier feeds going into the frac and we struggled to hit design rates on the frac. We have done some debottlenecking around the C4s (17:26), which is where our limits were. And so in the second quarter we actually ran the frac at rate 100,000 a day for the first time since we started it up. So I think we've got that issue solved in terms of frac. So it's generating kind of that $60 million to $70 million of EBITDA that we laid out originally. On the export facility, I think there's some market structure issues that we need to just think through in terms of being able to deliver on the promises that we made there. We're currently doing the 8 cargoes a month, although in the second quarter I think we did 20.5 cargoes; we're 3.5 cargoes short. But we're in that seasonal part of the year, where you see those declines. And I would say as we're moving into August, we're more than fully loaded coming into August, so I think we see good results there. As you know, dock utilization across the industry is in the low-80s, and I think we're going to have seen that utilization move up to the 90s before we can actually get the fees up. And so, where we'd premise kind of a $0.12 to $0.14 fees, they're running $0.07 to $0.08. And so, I think, all-in, where we're at right now, we're probably somewhere around $200 million to $250 million-ish of EBITDA in that facility against the $400 million to $500 million that we had promised though. Now and I think as we come into the back half of 2018, we see NGLs coming at us. There's been new fracs announced. We're obviously working on two new fracs, and so I think that we're going to see the NGL supply, particularly propane increase. I think you're going to see it's going to be necessary to export those propane volumes out of the U.S. to clear them. And so, I do think that utilization starts to improve as we move in the back half of 2018 and 2019. And then, I think that's when you see the opportunity for those fees to increase. And I'll turn it over to Tim, and he can add some color on that.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. I think that really the issue is that as you think about it NGL price relative to crude has strengthened, particularly with propane. And so I think as supply increases, you see that coming back into balance. And then, it would structurally be helpful to have a high crude price, and that has an impact as well as you think about substitution economics in the various markets, whether it'd be for heating, or for petchem. So I think you'd like to see crude market strengthening, increased NGL supply in the U.S. That brings the utilization up and gives a chance to really open those arbs up. And until you see that and we think that happens out this next 2018 months or so. Until you see that, you really, I think, kind of see where we are. So we work hard on optimization, reducing our costs, and making improvements that we've done in terms of run rates, operating cost and the values that we get for the products. So make good progress on that, but the real breakthrough has to depend on that market improving.
Philip M. Gresh: Got it. Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Greg C. Garland: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi, everyone. Greg, I may have misheard you, but did you say that the Gulf facility is going to be mechanically complete later this year, because I saw a press release from you guys  well, at least from CPChem saying that it was already mechanically complete?
Greg C. Garland: So, yes. The polyethylene is mechanically complete, and I think we're really close putting hydrocarbon in to those units. So they'll be up and running this quarter. The cracker is going to be mechanically complete until the end of the year, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Okay. I got it. And so, we would expect a contribution financially next year pretty early on?
Greg C. Garland: I think the big  yes. The big contribution will be in 2018, but we'll get some contribution off the polyethylene units in the back half of this year.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Got it. Can you talk about the next phase there? And, by the way, while you're on the subject, would you mind just looking back at the original decision to build this thing and how the market has changed both from your own point of view and also the competitive environment down there? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Well, maybe I'll start backwards. I think that we still think it's a good decision to build the facility. It's really made possible by the shale revolution in the U.S., and we still think that North America and the Middle East are the two best places to make petrochemicals. And so, there's nothing that fundamentally around that view has changed. A lot of other people have jumped in and are building capacity, so no question there's a lot of capacity that's coming up in this kind of 2017 and 2018 timeframe, but we're still constructive on the market view. I think that this market's still growing at 1.5 times GDP. As we look around the world, if anything the economies are doing better than we kind of expected. We're seeing good results in Europe. Asia continues to be strong. We're seeing good economic results in the U.S. And so, I think we feel good around the fundamentals, and we're not as concerned about the supply-and-demand balances out in 2018 and 2019 as some people are. I think that you're going to see some compression on margins as these crackers do come up. But, fundamentally, I think that you kind of need four or five crackers a year just to keep up with demand. And so, I think we'll certainly push through that relatively quickly. I don't know Tim, if you want to add any color on that?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. I'd just think back on  reflect back a bit. I think we've anticipated that margins would come in, but they're still quite good today in the order but in that near $0.30 a pound, which still provides incentive and reinvestment economics. And I think as you look out, you still see the supply of ethane in the U.S. increasing and you're seeing already additional announcements. So I think from an industry standpoint, this still looks like a very competitive place in North America to build. The world's appetite's there, and as Greg said, I think the markets have continued to be strong, and as you think about the supply side for a couple of years, I think we've got little  a flatter spot here on utilization in the next 18 months. After that it begins to tighten up again. So I think it's still a pretty constructive market situation and we still like investing here in North America and then in the Middle East as well. But we continue to look at options around the world.
Greg C. Garland: So the first part of the question was around what are we doing on the second project. So you want to give an update on that?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. So we're actually in the engineering phases of site and technology, looking at ways to be more capital efficient, and still thinking that in the U.S. it's likely to be the next site for that. But really an FID on that cracker, we'd see sometime after next year, sometime post 2018. But still advancing down that because we still see the need for growth. We're still leveraging the CPChem's technologies, and we still think it's going to be a very attractive market.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. You answered the question. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody, good morning, everybody. I've got one housekeeping one and one strategic one if I may. Kevin, the housekeeping one is deferred tax. Can you help us a little bit with how you see that trending? Because it continues to be a fairly substantial piece of the cash flow year-to-date, I think it's now overtaken the full year's deferred tax from last year at this point. And I've got a follow up, please.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, it is. And you will have noticed that it was higher in the first quarter than the second quarter. So we would expect to continue to see some deferred tax benefit in our cash flow and the primary driver there is the impact of tax depreciation versus financial. So we have the benefit of bonus depreciation on new assets that is significantly higher than financial depreciation. And so you see that affect flow through the cash flow statement on deferred tax. The first quarter was a bit of an anomaly because of the item that for earnings was a special item, the consolidation of the MSLP and the gain on that triggered a sizable deferred tax impact there. So I would kind of ignore some of the big jump in the first quarter on that. But over the course of the year, we're still going to see a reasonable deferred tax benefit for the full year, and it will be more than what we saw last year, as you've already pointed out.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I appreciate the guidance on that. So my follow-up is really more about the drop-down schedule for PSXP, and obviously we're halfway through the year, and I'm guessing we're anticipating something in the second half. So I'm wondering if you could speak to how you see the timing of the next wave of drop downs to get to your $1.1 billion EBITDA target. And more specifically and, Greg, maybe this is for you. The corporate bond that you did at the end of last year had some unique attributes to it, and I'm wondering how that might feature into the likely funding of a PSXP drop-down as it relates to the parent level total debt? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Well, let me start at the high level, and then I'll let Tim and Kevin kind of weigh in. We still think that 20% to 30% debt-to-cap on a consolidated basis at PSX is the right target for us. There was some unique characteristics about how we structured the refinancing of the debt that we did earlier this year, with the intent that we could make that drop debt essentially droppable into PSX as we dropped assets. And Kevin can go through a little bit more of the details. You know we don't guide in terms of timing of drops. Clearly, we're at $675 million, we said we're going to be at $1.1 billion run rate by the end of 2018, and people can do the math around that, and come up with their ideas. I do think we'll have a drop in 2017 and also in 2018, or maybe multiple ones. But I still think that we have a path to get to the $1.1 billion and we're very comfortable with that path. So, Kevin, do you want to talk a little bit about the debt, how we structured that?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes. I will, Doug, and you're referring to the $1.5 billion of PSX bonds that matured actually in the second quarter. It was May 1 maturity, we refinanced those in April to take care of that. They were refinanced with short-term floating rate notes and term loans that are assignable to PSXP. And so what that means, we can, as part of a drop transaction, move debt down with the drop as part of that funding and then PSXP would have the flexibility to go out into the market and term out over a longer period of time that debt financing. So that in and of itself means that component of the payment, if you like, for that drop would not generate cash at the PSX level but it's also consistent with how we've talked about PSX level debt dropping as the MLP debt increases. The MLP structure, obviously it's a leveraged structure, and it will increase debt as it grows. And so to manage consolidated debt, this is one way of accomplishing that, that we're effectively moving debt down from the parent level into the MLP.
Doug Leggate: Kevin, thanks for the color. I know it's kind of complicated issue. But just a quick point of clarification still, if you're moving debt off the balance sheet at PSX to nonrecourse at PSXP, obviously, you're not getting the cash in the door from the debt they may otherwise have raised. So how does this impact the buyback schedule as opposed to debt reduction as a relative priority producer (29:21)?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, so a couple of things. It is still consolidated debt on the PSX balance sheet. So on the PSX financial statements, that debt is still there, okay? So it does. It reduces the net incoming cash to the overall corporation, because all we've done is move debt between entities. But when we step back and look at the cash that's generated from the business, from the equity markets, and it's not that PSXP won't be doing any debt financing of its own incremental to what's coming from PSX. So we still think  we look across, holistically across all of that and it still works in terms of being able to fund the capital program, fund the dividend, fund the share buybacks.
Doug Leggate: Really helpful.
Greg C. Garland: We don't have to drop the debt, right?
Kevin J. Mitchell: That's true, that's true.
Doug Leggate: Yes, fair point. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate the answers.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team.
Greg C. Garland: Hi. Good morning.
Neil Mehta: I thought we'd start off on the Specialties and Marketing business. Relative to our model, that was the standout area in the quarter. So love for you guys to talk about what was the driver of relative strength in the business. And then on Specialties, in particular, anything that you would call out of whether the strength was sustainable or not?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, Neil. This is Tim. On the Specialties business, it's really the improvement in our lubes business. And we talked about improved base oil margins. We also did  you know, Lake Charles was in turnaround the first quarter which is where the base oil unit is. And so this is much more of what we would've expected versus the prior quarter. So I think it continues to be a business for us that one where we continue to see fairly stable earnings. And so I look at the second quarter and that's something that we would expect to continue more at that level versus the first quarter, so good improvement as a result of that. On the other side, on the Marketing side, it's really strong results in our European Marketing. It's strong results in our U.S. Marketing and it just reflects from the standpoint the spread between the rack and the wholesale margin expanded in that market environment and it fluctuates but, generally, that's been a pretty strong performer. And so I think a pretty consistent cash flow on the marketing side and EBITDA in those businesses. And we've been, I think, pleased with the strength that we've seen, both in Europe and the U.S., in terms of that spread between the rack and the wholesale margin.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate the comments. The follow up is it's around the health of the product markets. And I'd appreciate your guys' views in terms of what you're seeing in your outlook in terms of your views on distillate and gasoline and the outlook going into the back half of this year.
Timothy Garth Taylor: In the gasoline market, I think it's relatively flat in the U.S. We look at same-site sales. We look at reimage sites. We're seeing strengths in various regions across the U.S. being a little bit different, but it still feels to us like this year will be a lot like last year in terms of total demand. The real upside is coming from the U.S. perspective with the export side. The short that we've seen in Latin America, particularly in Mexico, with some of the things we've had there, both in the Gulf Coast and the West Coast have actually improved that. Europe, as Greg mentioned earlier, is doing better as well and Asia continues to be on a global basis there. So I think we're encouraged on the demand side but it's not over the top growth but it's still been fairly good growth if you just step back and look at the global side. And the distillate cracker has actually improved versus last year. And I think what we're seeing is a little more industrial activity around the world's helping to support that. In the U.S. perspective, we've been able to export and there's just been support this year on that distillate crack and with strong distillate jet sales, et cetera, that have improved the overall crack in the market. So unlike 2016, I think that's helped balance the proportion of distillate to gasoline and has improved the overall profitability in the segment as a result. But still not what I'd call a supply-constrained market. And so I think that we see seasonal strength coming through the third quarter and then some tail off in the fourth and first quarter.
Jeff Dietert: If you look broadly at manufacturing PMI U.S. level for May was the highest since 2014. Germany PMI has really spiked. China year-to-date is the highest since 2012. So manufacturing activity, the indicators we're seeing more broadly are supportive of distillate demand.
Neil Mehta: Are you seeing that translate into your U.S. Marketing business as well, Jeff? And any comments in terms of what you're actually seeing on the wholesale side?
Jeff Dietert: I would say on the distillate side, we continue to see very much what we see. We think about the more retail-oriented piece of that. We see very much what we see with gasoline, kind of volatile up-and-down but not strong increases. Some increase with oilfield and some of those activities coming back and  in transportation movements, largely offset probably by efficiencies, even in the diesel market. And so I think that it's related more to infrastructure additional activity around the world in that in the construction side. But I would say the distillate and gasoline markets look fairly similar in terms of just fundamental demand in the U.S. in terms of year-on-year growth, with jet being probably the one exception where it's really been a strong market around the world.
Neil Mehta: Great.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Kevin. Kevin, what is the cash distribution from CPC and DCP this quarter?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes. Paul, so we don't disclose the specific distributions. But I can tell you that  so $422 million of total distributions this quarter. If you look back over the last previous five quarters or so, the average distributions were $150 million per quarter, $422 million this quarter. The increase is essentially is explained by what's coming out of those two and the bulk of it is CPChem. So we did receive distribution from DCP but it's small compared to CPChem. And I'd also say it's still not ratable, so we probably had disproportionately more in the second quarter than you'd expect to see on a normal quarterly basis. Maybe not so much so if you look at the second quarter, if you think about that as a first half, then more in line with what you'd expect to see annualizing a half year number.
Paul Cheng: Actually, Kevin, I mean, with the CPC expansion, the spending has pretty much come to end. I'm actually surprised that you didn't expect the distribution going to be higher from the CPC than what we've seen in the first half.
Kevin J. Mitchell: And it will be as you look forward into next year, especially. So you have two effects going on. The capital spend is coming down. So this year's CapEx at the CPChem level is about $500 million, $600 million lower than the previous year, lower than 2016. And then as you look ahead to 2018, you'd drop off by a similar amount in capital expenditure. And by 2018, you'll see some  you'll see the operating cash flow from the new assets as well. So you will as you look forward see that cash ramping up.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And the next one is for  I think for Tim and Greg. Some of your competitors that have decided to move into Mexico on the logistic and maybe bidding on some of the physical assets to  as an extension of their export strategy. Just wondering that is that a business that you guys would be interested or that you view it differently.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Paul, this is Tim. We've had a long-established relationship in Mexico so it's been a trade partner with us. So we continue to access that market and I think you have to look at the infrastructure and say is that something that you need to serve that? So it's something you can think about for consideration. I think the second part of the question though is about what do you think about exports? And we continue to expand at Beaumont. We continue to look at ways to access additional exports out of our Gulf Coast refineries. And so that's something that we think about in terms of a Midstream and Refining investment that may be a way to leverage and really take care of a, so to speak, the demand side that we're seeing from the international side. So we have projects underway to look at dock expansions, those kinds of things, to increase access to all those markets, not just the Mexico market.
Paul Cheng: Right. So, Tim, I guess my question is that so that sounds like that you're not in the camp that you necessarily need to own the physical asset in Mexico in order to expand your export capability or that you're walling into that country. (39:06)
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think we'll evaluate those but I think right now we've been comfortable that with our existing relationships that we've been able to serve that market quite well. So it really depends if the market structure changed then I think we'd have to think about that but right now we're comfortable with where we are.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And a final one, if we look back the Sweeny NGL Hub as you mentioned earlier that right now it's probably running maybe about 60% to 50% of the EBITDA is what you originally expect. Just curious that from a look back standpoint, does it in any shape or form, that have changed the way how you evaluate project and FID the process going forward or do you believe that this is somewhat unique by itself and also it's just a temporary event. So it doesn't really change the way how you look at project going into the future.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think for better or worse we kind of live in a commodity world, Paul, and we're used to both kind of volumes and margins fluctuating on us and we really can't call the timing that well. We do think about the trends and long-term and we're always talking about the mid-cycle and thinking about the mid-cycle case. And I do think that we'll have the opportunity to grow margins in that business. Certainly, the volumes are there and as we look at what's coming at us out of the Permian over the next couple years and out of U.S. shale, I do think that that we'll have the opportunity to improve the earnings in that asset. But we FIDed it in a $100 crude world and we're in a $50 crude world today, so that is a big difference. In retrospect, we might've moved sooner and faster maybe to tie up some of these longer-term contracts. And so I think that's a learning for us on that one, Paul, but I do think that we're still very comfortable taking commodity risk as at the PSX level.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Blake.
Blake Fernandez: Hey. The cash flow was really strong and I know you addressed a couple of the drivers but one was working capital and it looks like you unwound about half of the hit that you witnessed in 1Q. So I'm just curious if you have any thoughts on how that could change here in the back end of the year?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Blake. It's Kevin. That's right. It is about half of the hit we took in the first quarter. Remember the first quarter you had the impact of pretty sizable inventory build and also we were hit on payables, especially with all the turnaround activities that you effectively run down the payables balance. And so we've got the payables component back to kind of more normal levels and then the rest is just normal kind of ins and outs. So we had a slight benefit on receivables with the falling price. We had a slight reduction in inventory and so you kind of get back to that $600 million, $700 million working capital improvement. I don't think as you look ahead to the third quarter, absent there'll be fluctuations based on prices and all of that but I wouldn't anticipate anything significant in the context of the third quarter. And then as you go into the fourth quarter, you'd typically have the inventory drawdown and then it's just a question of how much of that flows through to cash versus carries forward as receivable.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Okay. And then that kind of leads me to my second question, which is on the buybacks. Obviously, there was a pretty healthy step-up step change from where we had been trending the previous several quarters, and I guess I'm just trying to figure out is that a function of the improvement in working capital, just a one-off quarter, where we have additional cash, or are you guys trying to strategically kind of change the profile of the distributions?
Greg C. Garland: No, I think we're still at the highest level, kind of at the 60/40 split we've always talked about, Blake. I think that a couple of things. One is we pull capital down a lot. 2016, we pulled share purchase down in 2016 just given the fact that we generated half the cash that we generated in 2015. There's always questions around where the margins were going to go in 2017, and then the share price took a dip, and we just bought more shares as the share price dipped. But we've guided to $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase in 2017. I think I've also said that we don't intend to be at the bottom of the range this year, if that helps.
Blake Fernandez: Yes. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Roger D. Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Roger.
Roger D. Read: I guess maybe come back to some of the Midstream, specifically in my case DCP, that has continued to struggle, and I'm just kind of wondering you've put a lot of effort into you and your partners fixing it, restructuring it and all, and still the results are a little bit on the soft side. So I'm just wondering what's the thought process there. Is it improvement in margins? Or is there additional sort of internal restructuring we should be waiting for?
Greg C. Garland: I think that we did the major restructuring early this year where, essentially, what we get now out of DCP is the LP and GP distributions. There's some level of holdback at the GP level that can happen depending on cash needs at DCP today, but you really kind of need to think about the distributions that we're going to see out of DP is really going to be related to our LP and GP ownership, which is about 38% today at the LLC level. The good news is with the restructuring, we're getting distributions out of DCP, which is new. And then, you think about DCP, I think in a kind of a mid-$50, let's say, NGL-price environment, I think they'll be able to cover their distributions. So, I think that  I don't know if DCP is completely fixed, if you want to put it that way, but I do think we've made a lot of great progress in terms of the cost structure, the contract-portfolio work that's been done, and then just the fact that NGLs are kind of trading up in that mid-$50 range has been very constructive for DCP. And so, as we move forward and we think about NGLs going forward, I think we're still pretty constructive on the NGL prices going forward, particularly as that thing starts to come out in rejection.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, Roger. It's Tim. So, hey, as ethane comes out, the volumes come up. And if you look at DCP, some of the opportunity they're seeing is in the DJ Basin, the Permian particularly with Sand Hills, the debottleneck, and so the volumes have been increasing there. So I think that you need a stronger environment where we're seeing in the crude, gas, and NGL markets would help that. But then, beyond that, it's just continuing to increase that fee-based business, and that's where they've really put their emphasis, and they're looking at expanding their G&P footprint, as well as their pipeline connections to do that. So I think it takes some time, but at the current market rates they're in a pretty good position with the backstop on the GP IDRs to help that transition period.
Roger D. Read: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks. And then, to completely change gears here, on the Refining side, light-heavy diffs have been narrowing. You seem to come through 2Q without too much trouble on that. I was just wondering as you look at Q3 and then, obviously, some risk on Venezuelan barrels one way or the other, how you're looking at the light-heavy? Have you switched aggressively to a light barrel? What is your flexibility from this point forward? Kind of what other measures would you take at this point?
Greg C. Garland: I think in the second quarter, we ran about 6% less heavy crude, 3% more medium, 3% more light. I think our view is that just given all of the operational issues in Canada, what's going on with the crude cuts in the Middle East, and troubles in Venezuela, I think you're going to see light-heavy diffs kind of pressured into the third quarter. I think as we come in the back half of the year, you see some of operational issues maybe solved, Mildred Lake and different places. You get into refining turnaround season, and the fall turnaround season, you might see those diffs open up a little bit more. But I would expect coming into the third quarter, they're going to be pretty narrow.
Roger D. Read: Okay. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Jenkins with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Justin S. Jenkins: Okay. Great. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I guess I'll start with a dovetail on Roger's question there, and get one light crude differentials. It seems like Brent versus WTI has been reasonable, and Permian has shown a few signs of life in terms of discounts. Is there a potential that we see PSXP maybe look to get an even bigger presence with upstream customers to maybe gain better control of those barrels or at least maybe the quality of the barrel?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, Justin, this is Tim Taylor. So I think PSXP continues to look at the Permian and the areas of SCOOP STACK. You've seen that JV. We're expanding that, we're extending the reach. That's a very attractive barrel for instance, in our Ponca City Refining System, plus it has trading opportunities around the Cushing hub. So I think we all continue to look at ways to tap into that increasing light supply. I do think though that the Brent/TI differential just ends up being kind of stays narrow because of the opportunity to export now. So it's also letting us at PSX expand at Beaumont as we've seen a demand for movement across the dock as well as storage there. So I think as this continues to develop, there are opportunities in the Midstream to capture that liquids inflow, but I don't think that you're going to see light differentials between Brent and WTI really come out, unless we get truly infrastructure constrained. And that doesn't look like it's going to happen in the very near term. It would take a substantial increase in the Permian or some other play to really drive that. And we'll see if that goes, but I think now with exports, you really limit that opportunity for a quick blow-out.
Greg C. Garland: I think our view is that infrastructure seems to be keeping up at this point in time.
Justin S. Jenkins: Okay, sounds about right. And then I guess staying in Midstream, it seems like the capital program there has also trended a bit below the 2017 budget. Is it something that's back end loaded I guess maybe it's one of the potential fracs maybe being in PSXP?
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think most of our growth capital is in Midstream, and so I think as we give the guidance here in the next month or so, that's where you're going to see most of the cut. And you're right, it's a lot around the timing of the fracs and the uptake of the fracs in terms of actual versus what we had budgeted.
Timothy Garth Taylor: We've also seen about a quarter slippage in Bayou Bridge, which was our joint venture with Energy Transfer and Sunoco eastbound out of Lake Charles over to St. James. And so that's affected the spending and the timing a little bit. But I think that in the Midstream, we just carefully evaluate the opportunity is still growing, Beaumont and some of the options around our basic skeleton. But I think that you've got to see those commitments on the producer side, and I think they've grown a bit more cautious on that.
Justin S. Jenkins: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Faisel H. Khan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon.
Greg C. Garland: Good afternoon.
Faisel H. Khan: Hi. I want to clarify, on the distributions from CPChem as the project  the ethane cracker has reached its completion. Is there some debt that has to be paid down at the joint venture? Or should we expect that distributions sort of wrap up as the profitability takes off?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Faisel. It's Kevin. There is debt at CPChem that matures in 2018. And so one of the questions that the owners need to answer is, do we use the cash flow to pay off that debt as it comes due or do we refinance and turn some of that out which would obviously enable more cash for distribution. So that's something that we'll work through with our other owners around that. So, that can be a factor. But nonetheless, even with pay down of debt, we would still assume an uptick incrementally higher distributions in 2018 compared to 2017.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. Got you. And then separately, the Jones Act tankers that you guys contracted for a few years ago, when are those contracts are up and do you see yourself coming back into the market to continue to move crude, I guess, from the Gulf Coast up to the Eastern Sea board or has that opportunity sort of evaporated?
Greg C. Garland: No. I think there's still Jones Act demand on the product in the crude side. And so we have various phases on commitments on that. So we just look at that every time those commitments come up, does that make sense in that term. But it's not as tight as it was a couple of years ago. And so I think we leave that more as an optimization as those leases come up. But we have a  I think I'd say we have a comfortable position with our exposure on Jones Act.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Craig K. Shere: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in. Do you see an enhanced vertical integration with a potential FID of a second Sweeny frac later this year and helping to ultimately widen out and stabilize LPG terminal margins?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Okay. So I think I if I interpret your question, A, I think the next increment of investment is more cost effective. And as you increase the production of propane in your own internal fracs, there is an uplift as well. So the incremental decision has more traction. That said, we still need to make sure it makes sense in the context of the total term. But it would be an improvement with the already sunk investment in pipes, caverns and the LPG dock that help drive higher utilization across that system.
Craig K. Shere: Well, that's a good point. The second frac is definitely going to be more economic and cheaper to build. And you all also foreshadowed that you might be lowering 2017 growth CapEx. Kind of as a segue, if recharging Midstream growth CapEx takes longer than expected, can you see share buybacks continuing to trend up possibly above $2 billion? Or would you be looking to possibly build cash over time in an environment with fewer initial growth opportunities?
Greg C. Garland: Well, so I'll take a stab at that. At a higher level, I still think we're comfortable with $1 billion to $2 billion of growth capital longer-term and $1 billion to $2 billion of share buybacks longer-term. So I think you could tweak that in any given year, given where you see your investable opportunities, where you see cash going on. And certainly, we did that in 2016. But long-term, we're committed to investing in the business. Our investments have to hit our hurdle rates obviously. And then in terms of the share repurchase, as long as we're trading below intrinsic value, we're going to buy our shares. And so we think it makes sense in today's environment so we're buying today.
Craig K. Shere: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Spiro Dounis with UBS Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Spiro M. Dounis: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to start off with  and I guess the concept of moving maybe more product into PADD I from PADD II. Obviously some news out there about pipeline reversals. And just given your unique position I guess on both sides of that, can you view something like that as viable, or even makes sense over the longer term?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, this is Tim Taylor. So today, the Gulf Coast, for instance, the Colonial arb is still closed. And so I think just anything that connects these markets makes them more efficient, PADD II is different than PADD III. And it may make sense from a PADD II perspective that excess material can go  so to speak  can go into the PADD I. So I think that has to rest on its own merits of what you believe those long-term diffs would be and where the product placement on utilization could be. So I can't speak to the merits of that directly because it's not a project we're looking at. But if you think about balances, it may be a way to balance PADD II length with that. And then you either adjust Colonial or imports or some other type of supply into PADD I, which is still an import region in the U.S.
Spiro M. Dounis: Okay. So it sounds like flows would still be pretty seasonable. So if there was a pipeline reversal, it's not like it's going to be utilized all year round, it sounds like?
Timothy Garth Taylor: It really just depends on the value of imports versus where you are on supply out of the U.S. system. So it could very well be structural as well as seasonal.
Spiro M. Dounis: Got it. I appreciate that. Second quick one here, just on refining configuration. Seems like it took a bit of a larger hit this quarter on it. So just curious maybe what was driving that. And more broadly, if you'd comment either for you or your peers if you're skewing a little bit more towards gasoline or distillate these days.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Spiro, it's Kevin. Specifically on our  that variance on capture driven by configuration. If you look at the market crack the way we calculate our global market crack, the entire improvement in market crack was gasoline and the distillate crack was essentially flat quarter-over-quarter. And so that will drive a larger impact to that configuration component of the reconciliation from market than to realized.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, we made about 45% gasoline and 38% distillate in the second quarter.
Spiro M. Dounis: Got it. And then just in terms of where you're running these days either max gasoline or distillate, how you're thinking about that?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think that this is the peak driving season. So you're definitely skewered toward more gasoline on supply side but unlike last year, there's still support for that distillate. So I would say that you've got to just optimize around each and every refinery and their configuration but this is the peak season. So you do tilt more toward gasoline. As you get to winter, you're going to tilt more toward the distillate.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, and we're pretty close to max gasoline right now.
Spiro M. Dounis: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks, everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks, Julie, and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosy, C.W. or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-29 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Krista and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now will turn the call over to Jeff Dietert. Jeff, you may begin.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation materials we will be using during the call today can be found on the Phillips 66's website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question and answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening comments.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Jeff. Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Before we get started, I would like to welcome Jeff Dietert to the Phillips 66 team. Jeff, we are really glad that you are with us today. So, during the quarter we successfully completed several major turnarounds in Refining and Chemicals. This represents our highest level of turnaround activity in a quarter since the formation of our company. Our first quarter earnings largely reflect the impact of this downtime, but also highlight the benefit of our diversified and engraved portfolio. Our Chemicals business had solid results on strong demand and improved margins. We continue to successfully execute our Midstream growth program. Several of the largest projects we have been investing in over the last few years have now been completed, or almost complete. The LPG Export Terminal at Freeport, Texas, which is part of our Sweeny Hub complex was completed late last year. The facility operates at designed capacity in the first quarter and we are supplying customers in Europe, Latin America and Asia. We are currently evaluating opportunities to build additional fractionation capacity at Sweeny and other Gulf Coast locations, and we expect to reach FID later this year. Construction on the Dakota Access, ETCO pipeline is complete. Line fill is nearly finished, and we expect these pipelines to begin delivering Bakken crude to the Midwest and the Gulf Coast by June. Phillips 66 has a 25% interest in both of these lines. Our Beaumont Terminal expansion is ongoing. Recently, we added 2 million barrels of contracted crude storage. This morning, we FIDed additional five crude tanks, which will add another 2 million barrels of contacted crude storage by 2018. By mid-year we expect to add another 1.2 million barrels of product storage. As crude and product exports grow, Beaumont is well positioned to generate additional earnings. Phillips 66 Partners remains an important part of our Midstream growth strategy. We expect Partners to reach its growth goal of $1.1 billion in run rate EBITDA by the end of 2018. In addition to drop-downs to the partnership, PSXP is pursuing a number of organic growth initiatives. Progress continues on Partners' Bayou Bridge JV pipeline, which currently runs from our Beaumont Terminal to Lake Charles, Louisiana. The line is also being extended from Lake Charles to St. James. Earlier today, the development of a new isomerization unit was announced by Phillips 66 Partners. This project will provide fee-based earnings to the partnership and will increase the Lake Charles refinery's production of higher octane gasoline blend components. DCP Midstream simplified its corporate structure in January. The new structure better positions DCP for growth and improves capital allocation. DCP has successfully reduced its operating costs and returned to profitability. We expect to receive distributions from DCP in the second quarter. In Chemicals, CPChem is advancing the U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. The polyethylene units are on track to complete midyear, and the ethane cracker in the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect CPChem distributions to improve significantly with earnings contributions from these assets and reduced capital spending once the project is completed. In Refining, we are pursuing high return, quick payout projects. At the Billings Refinery, we're increasing heavy crude processing capability to 100%. This project is expected to be finished later this quarter. At Bayway and Wood River refineries, we're modernizing FCC units to increase clean product yields. Both of these projects are expected to complete in the first half of 2018. We continue to remain  maintain our commitment to our distributions to our shareholders. During the first quarter, we returned over $600 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks. We remain committed to our strategy, executing our growth plans, enhancing returns and rewarding our shareholders. The projects we have coming online, they're well-positioned to increase cash flow. We believe our integrated downstream portfolio remains a differentiating factor that provides upside in a rising U.S. production environment. Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results, I'd just like to note that Monday will be our fifth year anniversary as a company. I want to thank all of our employees, contractors, business partners, the communities where we live and work, as well as the owners of our company and our board who have all enables us to accomplish so much in these past five years. Kevin?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. Starting on slide four, first quarter earnings were $535 million. We had two special items that netted to a benefit of $241 million. In Refining, we recognized a $261 million gain from the consolidation of the Merey Sweeny LP coking venture following the resolution of an ownership dispute. And in Chemicals, we had a $20 million charge related to an impairment of a CPChem joint venture. After removing these items, adjusted earnings were $294 million or $0.56 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was negative $549 million. This includes a negative $1.3 billion working capital impact. Excluding working capital, cash from operations was $748 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $470 million, with approximately $270 million spent on growth. Distributions to shareholders in the first quarter totaled $611 million, including $326 million in dividends and $285 million in share repurchases. We finished the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 27%. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was 21%, reflecting a higher-than-typical proportion of earnings from lower tax jurisdictions. Slide five compares first quarter and fourth quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings increased by $211 million, driven by improvements across all of our operating segments. Slide six shows our Midstream results. After removing non-controlling interest of $35 million, Midstream's first quarter adjusted earnings were $77 million, $44 million higher than the fourth quarter. Transportation-adjusted earnings for the quarter were $56 million, up $12 million from the prior quarter, driven primarily by lower seasonal maintenance spend and increased equity earnings. In NGL, we had adjusted earnings of $4 million. This represented a $9 million increase and was largely driven by increased earnings from the Sweeny Hub assets. DCP Midstream had adjusted earnings of $17 million in the first quarter. The improvement over the fourth quarter reflects the benefit from hedges and lower operating costs, partially offset by reduced volumes. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven, first quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $201 million, $77 million higher than in the fourth quarter. In Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted earnings increased by $56 million, primarily due to improved margins, higher volumes driven by strong polyethylene demand and lower operating costs. Global O&P utilization was 89%, 3% higher than the prior quarter. Both periods were impacted by significant turnaround activity. Adjusted earnings for SA&S increased by $21 million due to higher margins and a gain on CPChem's sale of its K-Resin business. In Refining, crude utilization was 84% for the quarter, comparable with our low 80%s guidance. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $299 million. During the quarter, we had major turnarounds at the Ferndale, Bayway, Lake Charles and Wood River refineries. Clean product yield was 85%, down slightly from the previous quarter. Realized margin was $8.55 per barrel, up $2.08 from the fourth quarter. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings. In total, the Refining segment had an adjusted loss of $2 million, a $93 million improvement from last quarter. Adjusted earnings in the Atlantic Basin were lower by $148 million. Market cracks decreased by 25% during the first quarter, and capacity utilization fell to 70% from 102% as Bayway completed a major turnaround. This decrease in Atlantic Basin earnings was more than offset by improvements in the other regions, primarily due to improved margin realizations. In the Gulf Coast, market cracks were slightly higher in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter and capture rates improved to 75% from 45%. The increase in capture is largely due to better clean product differentials. This includes pricing on cyclohexane, propylene, and benzene, as well as the absence of negative impacts from timing of product shipments made last quarter during a rising price environment. The improvement in the West Coast reflects higher volumes due the completion of fourth quarter turnaround activity at the Los Angeles Refinery along with higher margins. This was partially offset by a major turnaround at the Ferndale Refinery this quarter. Slide nine covers market capture. The 3:2:1 market crack for the quarter was $12.24 per barrel compared to $12.10 in the fourth quarter. Our realized margin for the first quarter was $8.55 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 70%, significantly higher than the 53% achieved in the prior quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries. This quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $2.66 per barrel were in line with the previous quarter, despite rising crude costs, as NGL and fuel oil prices increased. Feedstock advantage improved realizations by $1.58 per barrel, $0.14 per barrel less than the fourth quarter. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. This category improved by $2.49 per barrel from the prior quarter, primarily due to wider clean product differentials and lower RINs costs. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted earnings for M&S for the first quarter were $141 million, similar to the fourth quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $10 million increase in adjusted earnings was largely due to higher realized margins, despite negative impacts from lower RIN prices. Higher margins were partially offset by lower volumes. Specialties adjusted earnings decreased by $9 million, primarily due to turnaround activity at the Excel Paralubes joint venture, which continued into the second quarter. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted after-tax net costs of $123 million this quarter, compared to $119 million in the fourth quarter. The increase in net costs reflects higher interest expense and lower capitalized interest due to project start-ups, partially offset by lower environmental accruals. Slide 12 shows the change in cash during the first quarter. We entered the quarter with $2.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations for the first quarter was $748 million. Working capital changes decreased cash flow by $1.3 billion, largely due to a seasonal inventory build. We funded $470 million of capital expenditures and investments, and distributed over $600 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We ended the first quarter with 516 million shares outstanding. We had $500 million of other cash flows. This category includes loan repayments from our WRB and DAPL joint ventures. At the end of the quarter, our cash balance was $1.5 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next I'll cover a few outlook items. In the second quarter in Chemicals we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90%s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90%s. And before tax turnaround expenses to be between $130 million and $160 million. We expect Corporate & Other Costs to come in between $125 million and $140 million after-tax. With that we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Doug Terreson is online with a question. Your line is now open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody, and congratulations on your strong results.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson: My question is on cash. And specifically while there was a decline in the position in the quarter, seasonality is normally high in this area for you guys during the first quarter because of turnarounds and other factors, too. So my question is, do you expect the normal seasonal pattern of sources and uses of cash to repeat itself again in 2017 for the company? And second, could you specify the factors that affected the change in working capital during the first quarter that you showed on one of the slides and also just comment on whether or not they're going recur in coming periods?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Doug. This is Kevin. I mean you're right in terms of the seasonal comment. I mean as we think about cash and working capital, where we ended the quarter at $1.5 billion was actually right in line with our expectations. Our plan had us right at that level at the end of the first quarter. We typically have the seasonal inventory build in the first quarter. And if you look back historically, typically, the first quarter is a use of cash from a working capital standpoint. And the normal kind of seasonal trends would apply. So this time you had the increase in inventory, which dominates that change in working capital, and it's the normal seasonal effect, but also with a heavy maintenance turnaround schedule that we had, you had some additional impact from that. We also had some line fill  downhole line fill contributed to that also. And then the other component from a working capital standpoint, because of the extent of the downtime which was weighted towards the end of the first quarter, so March was our highest downtime month. You actually had a bit of a rundown in payables over the course of the first quarter, and so you'd expect that to come back. And actually, as we look at it, as of yesterday, sort of end of April on an apples-to-apples basis, our cash balance is sitting at just over $2 billion. So you've already seen some of that come back. I wouldn't go so far as to say you can absolutely assume that the entire $1.3 billion comes back over the course of the year, but certainly some of it does.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Thanks a lot. That's very clear.
Operator: It's Justin Jenkins with Raymond James on line with a question. Your line is open.
Justin S. Jenkins: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess I got a couple on the Midstream front. Greg, you mentioned in your remarks that we've got a lot of assets at PSX that have recently reached completion or are about to, and all those look pretty attractive to move into PSXP and would also presumably have a high tax basis, making it attractive for PSX as well. So I guess just from a high level, would those assets make sense as the next candidates for drop? And then would it also be reasonable to assume that a full quarter or two of operational data is maybe the hurdle before drop-downs?
Greg C. Garland: Well, we like those assets, obviously, and they're certainly good candidates for drop at some point in time. We typically don't give guidance on what assets are coming next in terms of a drop. But certainly, there's always a point that those assets someday will end up at PSXP in terms of the Midstream assets.
Justin S. Jenkins: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then on the Rodeo project proposed in the quarter, can we get a sense maybe on how that's progressing and maybe the strategy on building those type of upstream facing assets, whether it's PSX or PSXP versus maybe looking at third-party M&A opportunities?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. This is Tim Taylor. Rodeo project is in the Permian and it's really a gathering system that we looked at. So we're already there operating in that with pipeline operations, so it's a nice way to extend what we have there. There is also, as everyone knows, a very active basin now in terms of additional production. So, we are in those discussions with producers, and I think there's a lot of opportunity with that. And that will develop here over the next few months to see if it's a go-forward investment for us and so I think it's just part of our extension of continuing to look for organic projects where we can in the growth basins or in the growth markets to build on our presence there.
Justin S. Jenkins: Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the color.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: And we have Phil Gresh with JPMorgan on line with a question. Your line is open.
Philip M. Gresh: Hey, there. Good afternoon. The first question, just on the Refining performance in the quarter, Kevin you talked about the other bucket, which if I look at a couple other regions, Atlantic Basin, Gulf Coast, is actually  is a positive contributor. Typically, there is some amount of negative contribution there, and you had mentioned RINs. So I was just wondering if actually RINs was a positive in the quarter potentially.
Kevin J. Mitchell: No.
Philip M. Gresh: One of your peers did mention this. So I was curious.
Kevin J. Mitchell: No, definitely not. RINs is still a reduction to the realized margin, it's just a less of a reduction with the RINs prices coming down over the period. The other  but it is part of the improvement, the relative improvement quarter-over-quarter. And then the bigger item are the clean product differentials that I talked about. Some of the non-gasoline distillate clean products and also the absence of the timing effects on those product shipments from last quarter.
Philip M. Gresh: Right. Okay. Second question is just you're going to be running around 95% utilization in the second quarter, up from 84% in the first quarter. We are seeing several other companies in the industry talk similarly. So, Greg, I am just wondering how you feel about the outlook for Refining margins as we move into the summer here. We're already starting to see build in product inventories and it just seems like these runs numbers are quite high. So curious what your view is.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think we've always said that we felt like 2017 was going to look a lot like 2016, particularly in the front half of the year. And we always had hope that the back half might clear and we see the opportunity for some margin improvement. I think you should also expect, though, you would have significant turnaround activity in the industry and we always come up and everyone runs better. Assets are clean, they are ready to go and people are going to run. So I think that coupled with certainly through the first quarter and into early April, on the demand side, it looks flattish to us at best on gasoline demand. Maybe distillate demand is going to be a little better. So I would say those are concerns for us as we think in the back half of the year. I think, Jeff, if you want to comment a little bit on the economy. I think we are getting more positive in the economy, so we think about the back half of the year, maybe excluding the first quarter GDP results that came out this morning.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, GDP results were a little bit lower than the consensus, but there were a number of items worth highlighting. U.S. consumer confidence was very high. The April number was the second highest since 2001. When you look at the U.S. manufacturing PMI statistics, they're at the high-end of the five-year range, business investment up 9% year-on-year. So some of the factors that drive gasoline demand and diesel demand have been strong domestically and PMI's have been improving internationally across Europe and Asia as well.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think our view  and same thing in the petrochemicals business. We are seeing good, solid demand, really globally, at the petrochemicals business. So you kind of factor in  we may actually have better economic conditions in 2017 versus 2016 and that should be a positive direction for us. You want to comment, Tim?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I just think on the demand side, it's flattish or same side store sales, when we look at the retail side of our business, the market side, we were down about half a percent in the first quarter. I think we're really  what you have to see to balance the market is you've got to see some uptick now in the summer driving season and you've got to balance with some exports. And we have seen good demand there, but I think those are two key parts of how you get the demand to catch up with the supply piece. And that's going to be the critical verticals that watch going forward.
Philip M. Gresh: Okay. Thanks.
Jeff Dietert: I just might mention the emphasis on exports as well. We had a very strong fourth quarter, 175,000 barrels a day of product exports. The first quarter number was 144,000 barrels a day, a little bit softer due to some maintenance at Alliance, which is one of our major export facilities. But also we are positioning the portfolio for continued export growth at Beaumont, where we have 400,000 barrels a day going to 600,000 barrels a day of crude and product export capacity.
Philip M. Gresh: Right. Okay. And then just last question is just on the capital spending. The first quarter number was actually quite low, and especially on Midstream we haven't seen a number this low in a while. So just curious how you're expecting that to progress, do you expect the Midstream spend to start ramping up or should we be thinking maybe that the guidance have some room to come down?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, I wouldn't annualize that first quarter number, certainly. It's clear, we finished the heavy lifting around the Sweeny Hub project. And I think purposely as we thought about the 2017 capital budget, we've built in quite a bit of flexibility. We had some concern over margins and cash generation in 2017, so we left ourselves a lot of flexibility this year to adjust CapEx if needed. But I do think that  we're still guiding to the 2.7 (25:39) today, mid-year we'll give you an update on that, but we have a lot  and we have a lot of good opportunities. I think, you think about FID'ing the frac but we've always thought that would be the back-half of the year. And so I think you will see things pick up, Phil.
Philip M. Gresh: Okay. Thanks a lot, Greg.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Ed Westlake is on line with a question with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward Westlake: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for your time this morning. Just on the Chemicals. Obviously one of the big, big drivers of the improvement in cash flow as you look into 2018 is going to be not spending on the cracker and getting your share of the EBITDA, and then distributions. Maybe just a reminder of just sort of the latest thoughts on CapEx in 2017 and then 2018 at CPChem. And then a question on how the processes of distributions, presumably there'll be a board meeting at some point early next year, and if the cracker is up and running you'll decide to increase distributions, maybe some color there? Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, well, just a couple. So CPChem's budget this year is $1.375 billion, and I think they're probably going to be right on top of that number it looks like to us at this point in time. But that's down quite a bit, about $600 million from last year. So certainly we are finishing up the polyethylene units, the cracker will be towards the end of the year as we finish that up. And then so that should generate between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion mid-cycle at the CPChem level, so we're anxious to see that. I mean the policy of CPChem is essentially to distribute the cash. We pay all the expenses, but then most of the cash gets distributed. I think the  I mean, the question a lot of people have is when is the second cracker coming? And I suspect that we would not FID the second cracker in 2018. It could be towards the end  or 2019 is what we're looking at right now. So I think our expectation is we'll have a full year of 2018 cash flow out of the new project. And, Tim, you may want to comment on timing.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. So as we look at the Gulf Coast project, as Greg alluded to in his comments, the polyethylene unit completes this summer. We should start to see the earnings impact on those derivatives in the third and fourth quarters, you got to get through the startup piece of that. And then the cracker completing late in the year in the fourth quarter, we really see the earnings for the full stream really come on in the first half of 2018 to hit that run rate EBITDA. But I think we've got a very strong possibility that we've got a much increased cash flow that translates back to distributions to the owners.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Ed, this is Kevin. I would just add, we are expecting distributions from CPChem this year. We haven't had discretionary distributions in a little while, but we are anticipating some of that starting this year. Obviously that will increase quite a bit next year with the combination of capital coming down and the EBITDA from the new project.
Edward Westlake: And then one for, Tim, just on  always good color on the NGL arb and exports. Maybe we just need higher prices, but it does feel like there's going to be a wall of NGLs coming, and so there should be some excess return from the infrastructure you're putting in. But any comment on the current market conditions would be helpful.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. Well, it's been interesting. In the first quarter the LPG markets in general, whether it be ethane, propane, butane, have really entered into the cracking slate. So fairly  some variability during the quarter in each of those components being favored. So that kind of added some demand on the propane, butane side. We've continued to export very heavily as an industry, almost 1 million barrels a day of propane. And so we've seen inventories fall. And so I think the demand-side has been really strong. The challenge is we need more supply from our perspective to really load that. But the high propane prices narrowed the arb into various markets. So if it continues, but we need to see more volume supply side to really widen that and a little bit higher crude price. So I think as we look forward, we think NGLs will continue to come on stream based on what we see, building into 2018. But we think in front of that, in 2017, we would expect the international arb to be a bit narrower until we get that piece sorted out. But overall, we're seeing a lot of production opportunity developing, and that's why it still gives us a very bullish case we believe long-term on the NGL supply, chemicals production here, as well as exports out of the U.S.
Edward Westlake: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Paul Cheng with Barclays is online with a question. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning or good afternoon from New York.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Yes, I think, Greg, that you mentioned that the new ethane cracker, once that is fully operational, $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion EBITDA mid-cycle. How you define as mid-cycle? Or that if you can tell us maybe the other way, is that based on the first quarter market condition, what that EBITDA contribution may look like?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Paul, just  yeah. So that cracker's about 3.3 billion pounds a year of ethylene. And so very simply, if you think that the first quarter cash margins in that low $0.30 per pound range. So when you multiply that out, you get about $1 billion at today's conditions, maybe slightly more. And as we think longer-term, we think with continued low ethane pricing, improvement strengthening the crude, that that comes up another  into the mid-cycle range in the mid-$0.30s, which drives the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion.
Paul Cheng: So based on the first quarter, it's about $1 billion?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah, I would say...
Paul Cheng: That's (31:49) polyethylene?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. That's the full chain. So that's polyethylene plus the ethylene.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And, Tim, do you have maybe some number can share about the LPG Export Terminal and the NGL fractionator, what's the run rate in the first quarter? And what kind of EBITDA contribution there may be?
Timothy Garth Taylor: So the LPG Export Terminal, we ran it  eight cargos a month is kind of what we define as capacity. We hit that. But overall utilization was in the 90% range, a little bit higher. On the fractionator, we were still running in the mid-80s, 80,000 barrels a day and 100,000 barrels a day. We've just recently been successful optimizing that unit a little bit right around 100,000 barrels a day at capacity. So I think we continue to find ways to improve and optimize around the asset. I think the run rate EBITDA, I'd still say very dependent on the arb, but we're somewhere in the range. If you look at the total, we're probably still in the range of around $200 million for the year, I would say, in these current market conditions. Just because the differentials between the U.S. and Asia and Europe are expected to remain pretty narrow.
Paul Cheng: Kevin, that first quarter turnaround cost end up to be lower than your previous guidance. Does  it means that for the full year, we should correspondingly assume it's going to be lower by the same amount? Or that the full year turnaround costs will still be about the same?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Paul, we haven't revised the full year guidance number. But it probably pushes you more to the lower end. We gave a pretty big range, $625 million to $675 million. And so realistically it probably pushes you more to the lower end of that range.
Paul Cheng: Or maybe let me ask it in this way. I mean the lower in the first quarter turnaround costs is just because you guys have been doing a better job and coming in below the budget. And maybe that even a little bit faster, not because that you have pushed some of the activity into the other quarters? Right?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Right. Right. For the most  that's right.
Paul Cheng: (34:08) that If you don't have cost overrun in the remainder of the year that we should see the same amount of that being come down in the full year.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Right.
Paul Cheng: In theory.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Right.
Paul Cheng: And final question that, Tim, for DAPL. With that up and running, does the pipeline operation, will in any shape or form, change the way how you source your refinery crew (34:32) or how you run your refinery? Or that doesn't really impact you, because that is not going all the way to the Louisiana side yet?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I didn't catch the last part of that, Paul. Not going all the way...
Paul Cheng: To Louisiana, since that (34:47) refinery in the Gulf Coast is in Louisiana.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. Well, we've seen recently the disruption in heavy Canadian crude has put a call on the Bakken crude in the northern tier. So I think as we think about DAPL startup, we see pretty good pull on that supply, generally. Certainly for some of our refining operation, that remains a very viable supply. You bring it to the Gulf Coast, you get to Beaumont. We've got the opportunity to get to Lake Charles. We're working on the extension to St. James. So I think then, you now see light crude from North Dakota lining in the Gulf Coast and you're going to see some rebalancing. So I think as we look at it, it all depends on the yield and the pricing. But we think Bakken will be an attractive supply crude within our system, particularly in Louisiana and in Wood River and some of our Mid-Con refineries. So I think that, from our standpoint, it's always good to have that extra option. And in the end, I think it helps rebalance the light sweet crudes on the Gulf Coast.
Paul Cheng: But have you make any changes to your operation yet or not really?
Timothy Garth Taylor: No. When we look at the Bakken, it's just really nothing required much there from the different  from what we've run traditionally in a light crude unit.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs is online with a question. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey, guys, and, Jeff, congratulations on the new role. It's great to have you on the other side.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks, Neil.
Neil Mehta: A couple questions on the crude side of the equation. And I guess the first is related to the OPEC cut and the potential extension later in May and your thoughts on the impact of the reduction in OPEC's supply on the light, heavy, and the medium sour barrels for your coastal refineries.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. On the OPEC, we're still seeing evidence of good compliance from the standpoint of OPEC reducing that. It certainly impacted the supply of medium and heavy sour crudes. And then you've had the Canadian crude outage as well, so that alone has kind of bid up, if you will, the price of the heavy medium sours. And then you put increased production of light crudes in the U.S. on top of that and you've seen that narrow. So our expectation is that this tightness lasts until the Canadian crude comes back on, widens out a bit. But depending on how much OPEC continues with the cut, that could continue to keep that differential tighter but maybe widening a bit with Canadian supply coming back. But I think generally, our view is it's still going to remain tighter than what it has been, say, for the last several years just because of the increased light and decreased supply of heavy sour.
Neil Mehta: That's helpful. And...
Greg C. Garland: Yes.
Neil Mehta: Sorry, go ahead.
Greg C. Garland: I just  I think our base case assumes that there's extension on May 25 in terms of OPEC.
Neil Mehta: Yes. It seems like we're lining up that way. The follow-up is just on U.S. oil production. As it continues to tick up, it feels like more of this light crude is coming down to the Gulf Coast. And there's increasing questions we're getting from investors about crude export capacity, and so it's more of a macro question for you guys. If the U.S. continues to grow at this 800,000 to 900,000 barrel a day annual pace, do you think we have enough crude export capacity on the Gulf Coast to clear the basin? And, ultimately, there's more crude export capacity to be built?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think there's capacity today. We talked about Beaumont. Greg talked about that going to 600,000 barrels a day. You can always look at additional capacity there as well. And then you look around the system. And as you start to get beyond that utilization, perhaps there's an opportunity. So I think everyone is looking in the Texas Gulf Coast, Louisiana Gulf Coast at ways to increase export capability. And so our view would be is you may get some shorter-term tightness, but we'll probably find ways to continue to export should that continue to grow but it's also an infrastructure opportunity like what we're seeing around the Beaumont Terminal.
Greg C. Garland: I think our view  certainly, we've demonstrated we can export, as an industry, over 1 million barrels a day pretty efficiently. I think as you start approaching that 2 million barrel a day mark, though, I think there's going to be additional investment required, is our view. And then the other issues, I think Luke (39:34) is probably the only facility that could really handle the big ones...
Timothy Garth Taylor: Correct.
Greg C. Garland: ...very large crude carriers. And to my knowledge, I don't think there's any work going on there thinking about turning that around and going the other way. So I think there's going to be some additional infrastructure opportunities around crude exports out of the U.S. in the next couple of years, particularly as we see Permian, light sweet ramping up, and all that's going to hit on the Gulf Coast.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Tim.
Greg C. Garland: Take care.
Operator: Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research is on line with a question. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi, everyone, and welcome to Jeff. Greg, excellent decision to hire a sell-side oil analyst that you wildly overpaid. If we could ask you a long-term strategy question, Greg, we know your view on Refining, I'm certain, that hasn't changed. When we think beyond the major projects stuff over the next year, where do you think the growth in the business  what's your view of how you will generate growth? Is it going to be a second major project that's been alluded to on this call? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think there will be certainly opportunities. You're starting to see the second wave of crackers being planned in the U.S. and, certainly, we think that the feedstock will be there for another additional wave of crackers and we want to be in that lineup ultimately with CPChem. I think there will be continued opportunity for infrastructure around the crude and the product side, so I think Midstream will certainly continue to be a growth vehicle for us and we'll continue to use the master limited partnership to help fund that and be a part of that growth as we move forward. I think in Refining, I think Refining is a good business. It's just, long-term, I just don't see it growing. I think that we've seen some decent gasoline demand growth over the last two years in the U.S. but, ultimately, I think there's just too many factors that are going to hit you in terms of efficiencies of vehicles, trending in terms of vehicle ownership in the U.S. and how we do that. So I actually think demand rolls at some point in the next couple of years in the U.S. and that we're going to need less transportation fuels. So I think exports are a really important part of that, that equation, and you see us, and many others, gearing up to try to handle that as we think a little differently about where our markets are going to be in the future. But really to invest in refining to add capacity still doesn't make sense to us. I think to invest to reduce your cost structure, gain access to advantaged crudes and grew some yields, those are all good investments that we should be making and what you will see us continue to do that around refining.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, that was actually where this all had started, where you finished, Greg, which is the export story., U.S. exports on every level are way exceeding overall market growth. Where are we taking market share? I know part of it is poor refining operations in certain parts of the world, but I just wonder how we should think about the long-term potential of the market when we must be making someone lose out somewhere, right?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah, Paul, it's Tim. I think when you think about the Gulf Coast with the types of assets there are with access both inbound, outbound on product and crude is going to be really the place where you see the exports. That puts you naturally into Latin America. And you're right, there has been operating issues within that. But we're also competing directly, if you will, then with the European refineries. And I think with the cost position that we have, the proximity to the market, I think that's where we continue to see it. And then West Africa continues to be a developing market and growing that the Atlantic Basin and the Gulf Coast will continue to serve. It's just a question of how much can those grow and who supplies the Asian demand? But we still feel, to us, like, the Middle East and Northeast Asia are still going to be the big suppliers into Asia. That's quite a haul from the U.S, and so I think, logically, the trade patterns start to sort out that the export markets for the U.S. will likely largely be in that Atlantic Basin.
Greg C. Garland: The other thing, just not long-term, Paul, but maybe near-term, mid-term, kind of 2018, certainly 2017, we see less refining capacity coming on globally than what we've seen in the past few years. I think in our balances, we have about 800 (44:15) a day coming on in 2017 and 2018.
Paul Sankey: Yeah. It's interesting because ever since the export trend started, it's been surprising us to the upside, and I'm slightly struggling to know how far it can go. It's obviously outright positive for you guys. Just if I could ask a follow-up. You've had a bit stronger Chemicals results than some of the other results you've seen, perhaps Dow and Exxon, would be what I'm thinking of here. Was there anything particularly differentiated about why your results were that bit better in terms of relative to your competitors? Thanks.
Kevin J. Mitchell: I think first of all, the demand regardless of chemicals, we think about aromatics and plastics, it's all been really strong and so I think we were obviously benefiting; the industry did from a really good market condition. And then it comes back to, Paul, your advantage feedstock will be produced in the Middle East, will be produced in North America off of that. So we continue to have an advantage feedstock. And then fourth quarter results were probably weaker than we would've expected so the quarter-on- quarter improvement sequentially somewhat reflected better operating, less turnaround activities, et cetera, but then fundamentally, margins were better and that's really about how you capture those, you have got to have access to markets and you like to work on that competitive advantage on the feedstock. And so I think those two showed up.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we saw good strength though, in both ethylene and polyethylene. We saw good strength coming off our Middle East joint ventures, our aromatics business did much better quarter over quarter. And then I think the other thing is kind of lost in the conversation maybe as we had quite a bit of turnaround activity at CPChem. So again your 33, (46:00) which is a large ethylene cracker; Sweeny was down for most of the quarter. Q-Chem I was down for turnaround, M-Sty (46:08) had a big turnaround, and so in spite of pretty substantial turnaround activity at CPChem, they had a really solid quarter.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch is online with the question. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. It's still morning here. Good morning, everybody. Jeff, we are going to hit you around the holes over here. Congratulations on your move.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you Doug.
Doug Leggate: So I'm not sure if this is for Kevin or Greg, but last quarter I think, Greg, you talked about having $500 million to $750 million of discretionary capital budget. I'm trying to wrap everything together in your comments about softer refining, or I guess similar to last year , and then the trend, the cash burn trend, and then all the visibility of the dropdowns that you have. So there's a lot of flexibility. But then I'm looking at the trend in net debt to cap for your balance sheet. Where do you want that balance sheet to be? And how long do you think you can extend the buybacks beyond your commitments to 2017? I think you talked about a couple billion dollars for this year.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so maybe start with CapEx. I think we've said $500 million to $700 million of flexibility in capital this year in 2017 that we've built into the plan. Obviously the further you get into the year, the harder it is to adjust that as we FID projects and kind of move forward. And I think we'll continue to look at where margins are and save some ability to adjust capital, certainly through midyear, let's say, Doug. We continue to think about the business on mid-cycle basis. We should generate $4 billion to $5 billion of cash kind of mid-cycle. We still expect that we'll be able to generate $2 billion out of the MLP through drops. And with that we can certainly afford $1 billion of sustained capital, $1.3 billion dividend, growing that dividend. And then you think about we have a choice. Do we buy shares, do we reinvest in the business? I think you can certainly afford kind of a $1 billion to $2 billion growth program and a $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program. And so that's kind of how we think about the business. I think the first quarter certainly  I probably wouldn't use the word cash burn in terms of that. I think we certainly plan to bring cash down to this level given all the things that we had going on. We did not have a drop in the first quarter. And you certainly  as we move through 2017, you expect that we're going to do something around growing PSXP. You were at $630-ish million dollars run rate EBITDA. We're committing to get to $1.1 billion run rate by the end of 2018. And so in this year and next year we're going to have to be moving directionally to do that. So I think we can make it all balance in terms of a strong share repurchase program, strong dividend program, and continue to fund both our sustaining and growth CapEx.
Doug Leggate: So, Greg, I guess what I was getting at is looking at the trend, the slide 17 trend, is there a kind of a range that you would have us expect your balance sheet to live within over time? Not necessarily this year but longer-term, where would we expect your balance sheet to sit through the cycle?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. I think we'll continue to target 20% to 30% debt-to-cap. And of course we're at the upper end of that range today. I think, Kevin, you may want to talk about the debt and the restructuring of the debt and an ability to draw up an MLP. But you should expect that we'll pull PSX debt down and that you'll see the debt at PSXP grow.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes. I think that's an important point, Doug, that as you  with the growth of the MLP, debt will increase at the MLP. That's going to happen. And our expectation is that over time  and it may not be a perfect match, but generally at the PSX level debt will come down so that such  that on a consolidated basis we're staying about flat. We just recently issued about $1.5 billion of short-term debt. That is pre-funding for a maturity. We have a $1.5 billion maturity that will be taken care of next week. That is all at the PSX level, but we've structure that debt in such a way that we can move it down into the MLP with  as part of a drop-down transaction. And that way you're kind of far funding the drop by moving debt from the parent company into the MLP. And so we're managing leverage that way.
Doug Leggate: That was extremely helpful. I appreciate the full answer, guys. My follow up maybe is a quick one, maybe not. But I wanted to go back to one of the operating result on refining. Versus our numbers at least it was particularly strong in the Gulf Coast. And what's really behind my question is I'm trying to understand is there anything unusual about this particular quarter that caused that. And I guess one of the earlier questions was alluding to the RIN issue. So I realize, Kevin, you were pretty assertive in your answer to this. But there still seems to be a debate as to whether RINs are in the crack or not. And obviously as it relates to things like moving the point of obligation and so on, I'm just curious if the collapse in RIN prices in Q1 was one of the reasons that refining did a little bit better. And maybe if you've answered the question already, I apologize, but I just wanted to get some clarity around that.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, certainly. The reduction in the RIN cost is a component on the improved  it really shows up in capture, right, the improvement in the capture rate, which was pretty significant for us, especially on the Gulf Coast. The other component which I touched on are some of those other clean products. And I don't know how sustainable that is. There's always some degree of benefit from those sort of chemical grade products. But you saw a spike in the relative margin on those products, and so that was part of it as well. And that benefit was concentrated in the Gulf Coast also.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. Maybe just a comment on the chemicals piece. So that's really aromatics out of Alliance. It's solvents and cyclohexane for instance out of Sweeny. So we have pretty good exposure on those two refineries into that. And the strength in the chemicals business was evident really across that. So I think as we think about the chemicals business, we believe that in the aromatics and the solvents businesses, that strength is going to continue.
Doug Leggate: That was really my follow up, was so that has continued so far both on the RIN side and on the derivative petrochemical side. They're both  those two trends have continued into Q2 so far?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. So far it's positive. There's obviously volatility in those chemical prices. But when you look back at the results across the various value chains in chemicals, feels like a pretty good pull on all those. And then, you're right, the RINs prices being lower does impact and improve the capture rate.
Doug Leggate: Really helpful.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. We continue to believe that the RIN is essentially captured in the crack, though. I think it's hard to see sometimes, but I think our view is that it is.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. I think we're kind of in between. We actually believe it's in the crack largely. And we also believe there's an element at that that you see in the market side as well. But largely to us, we think it's in the market crack.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers, guys. Thanks so much.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets is online with a question. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everyone. I was wondering if we could dig into the Frac Two potential FID that you mentioned for later this year. So obviously Frac One hasn't contributed, I think, the EBITDA that you had anticipated. So what gives the confidence to potentially FID it later? Is it just that the economies of scale are so overwhelmingly attractive there?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I think the next tranche of capital investment will be lower, which is always a good thing from a project standpoint. Second of all, the first frac in terms of the frac fees I think are  is still a very attractive piece. And now we're leveraging lower CapEx, improve that, and now we're able to run it closer to that design capacity which impacts things as well. And for us, a second frac based on NGL helps us with our costs around the export terminal and some other things. So as we build out more, you actually start to leverage up across that entire hub in terms of incremental EBITDA and in terms of improved cost. And again, we're still looking long-term and saying, this is what's needed from an industry standpoint, and it ties back with things like what we're doing with Sand Hills to expand its capacity. We're just seeing increased NGL needed eventually for more cracks as ethane comes back into the mix more out of rejection, and then that's stronger than we see in exports.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Understood. And then I guess kind of along the same lines, I was wondering if we could talk about something that hasn't been brought up in a couple of years I think, which is the condensate splitter. I think in maybe in 2014, that was something that seemed like it might make sense for you guys. Is there any chance that that project comes back to life? And I'm thinking particularly about how light some of these Delaware Basin crudes are.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, well, I think we have to see that supply, but we're watching that. And some of those gravities that we're seeing around that 50 degree mark  that kind of revives that whole discussion I think around what exactly would be produced. And so I think that that's one where you've got to see the supply come in before you would get on that path. But it will be interesting to see if the Permian comes back in that light fraction, if there's sufficient volumes there to really say that the best way to manage that is a splitter versus blending or direct export. So that's just an option that we're watching. So nothing planned right now, but it  it's one that we are aware of and thinking about.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil is online with a question. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Folks, good morning. Jeff, I would also congratulate you for escaping the purgatory of energy sell-side these days. I just wanted to revisit a couple of items that came up. Beaumont, I realize, we're expanding the storage capacity and the opportunity to export. Is that oil export arb open today? I'm just wondering, are you maxing out your capability there, or is this really a kind of second half of the year event once all of the pipelines are up and running and bringing crude down?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, as an industry, you've certainly seen it, and those differentials drive that. And what we're seeing is  I'll frame it this way. We're seeing a lot of interest in the storage to be able to create that option. And so we have done oil exports out of Beaumont already in this year, and so I think we look at it and say as long as those new pipelines get connected, the volumes are coming via from North Dakota, the Mid-Con and the Permian, et cetera, then that will continue to build. So I think right now, you see it very volatile as those differentials come in and out of play. But longer-term, if you believe light oil production is going to increase, we're just  we see that as a continuing need.
Blake Fernandez: Right. Okay.
Greg C. Garland: I think  just tactically, I think once you see that WTI-Brent get above $2.50 a barrel, people get a lot more interested in exporting.
Blake Fernandez: Sure, okay. Tim, I think earlier you had mentioned Canadian outages, and my question is pretty simple. Just into 2Q with the outage or syncrude, are you seeing any meaningful impact on the system whether it be direct or indirect?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, we've obviously  the availability has caused us to look at other crudes to run. We've not seen a problem from a supply standpoint. There's plenty of crude options available. But it does cause us to re-jigger across some of our system because we are not bringing down as much Canadian crude as we were. And so I think from our viewpoint, operationally, it's been a minimal impact, but it has created different options for us around the system.
Blake Fernandez: Right. So think about it more in terms of capture rate, I suppose, like paying out for crude rather than lack of surplus, I suppose?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. We go back to the economic optimization of what's the best thing to run.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Krista, and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosy, C.W. or me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2016 Phillips 66 earnings conference call. My name is Sally, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Rosy Zuklic, General Manager, Investor Relations. Rosy, you may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Sally. Good morning and welcome to the Phillips 66 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Rosy. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Total adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $83 million or $0.16 per share. Market conditions continued to be challenging as Refining, Marketing and Chemicals margins were all lower. We also had significant turnarounds during the quarter. These factors contributed to our disappointing earnings. For the full year, 2016 adjusted earnings were $1.5 billion or $2.82 per share. We operated well and continued to execute on our projects and we maintained financial strength and flexibility while continuing to return significant capital to our shareholders. We believe that operational excellence is fundamental for generating and protecting shareholder value. 2016 was our safest year ever and we ran our refineries at 96% utilization, which was a record for our company. Our Marketing & Specialties business also delivered solid results for the year and achieved record volumes. We managed costs well across our organization, holding controllable costs flat despite our significant growth activities. We reached several milestones in our Midstream growth program in 2016. At Freeport, we completed our 150,000 barrel per day LPG Export Terminal, commissioning went smoothly and the facility is operating as designed. We shipped our first commercial cargo in mid-December and we expect the facility to be loading to near capacity this month. The Dakota Access ETCOP system is expected to complete in the second quarter. Phillips 66 has a 25% interest in these projects. In the Gulf Coast, the Beaumont Terminal expansion is ongoing. We commissioned 1.2 million barrels of contracted crude storage in the fourth quarter and 2 million barrels of additional crude and product storage is expected to be available by mid-year. We have plans to ultimately expand this facility to 16 million barrels. Phillips 66 Partners remains an important part of our Midstream growth strategy. In 2016, the partnership raised more than $2 billion in debt at equity capital markets, which it used to grow its business by acquiring assets and developing organic projects. During the fourth quarter, we completed our largest dropdown to date contributing $1.3 billion of logistics assets to PSXP. The partnership remains on pace to achieve its growth objective of having $1.1 billion in run rate EBITDA by the end of 2018. At the start of this year, DCP Midstream contributed its assets and existing debt to its MLP, simplifying the organizational structure, increasing its ownership as a publicly traded partnership. This transaction should enable better capital allocation, position DCP for growth and allow for increased cash distribution to its owners. In Chemicals, CPChem is advancing the U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals Project. The polyethylene units are on track to start up in mid-2017 and the ethane cracker in the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect to see increased distributions from CPChem starting this year as capital spending is reduced following the completion of the project. In Refining, we continue to pursue high return quick payoff projects. At the Billings Refinery, we're increasing Canadian heavy crude processing capability to 100%. This project is expected to be complete in the first half of this year. At the Bayway and Wood River refineries, we're modernizing the FCCs to increase clean product yield. Both projects are expected to be completed in the first half of 2018. During 2016, we generated approximately $5 billion in cash from operations and dropdown proceeds from PSXP. This enabled us to fund $2.8 billion of capital expenditures and return $2.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We remain committed to our strategy, executing our growth plans, enhancing returns and rewarding our shareholders. The projects we have coming online are well-positioned to increase cash flow. In 2017, we expect to increase our dividend again and to spend $1 billion to $2 billion on share repurchases. We believe our portfolio remains a differentiating factor that provides upside in a rising U.S. production environment. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Kevin to go through the quarter results.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Starting on slide four, fourth quarter earnings were $163 million. We had several special items that netted to a benefit of $80 million. Included in these special items were several tax adjustments across our businesses that benefited earnings. These were partially offset by railcar lease termination costs in Refining and a charge related to the DCP restructuring in Midstream. After removing these items, adjusted earnings were $83 million or $0.16 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was $667 million and included a $31 million working capital benefit. In addition, PSXP raised approximately $1.1 billion from the issuance of long-term notes during the fourth quarter. Capital spending for the quarter was $813 million, with $452 million spent on growth, mostly in Midstream. Distributions to shareholders in the fourth quarter totaled $558 million, including $328 million in dividends and $230 million in share repurchases. Our adjusted effective income tax rate was negative 11%, due in large part to the mix of losses in our U.S. operations and gains in our European businesses. Slide five compares fourth quarter and third quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were down by $473 million, driven by decreases across all of the segments. There were several factors impacting the fourth quarter's results compared with the third quarter beyond normal market sensitivities. DCP had higher integrity and maintenance spending. In addition, higher NGL prices were partially offset by DCP's hedging activities to reduce its exposure to market price volatility. Together, these items lowered fourth quarter Midstream adjusted earnings by approximately $20 million relative to sensitivities. In Refining, the impact of pricing of products shipped on certain Gulf Coast pipelines reduced adjusted earnings by about $50 million compared with monthly average prices assumed in the 3:2:1 market crack. Additionally, the West Coast was significantly impacted by major turnaround activity at the Los Angeles refinery. And Refining and Marketing & Specialties were both affected by lower margins from our commercial activities, which moved results away from market indicators, as well as impacts from hedges on discretionary inventory. Together, these items lowered Refining and Marketing & Specialties adjusted earnings by approximately $75 million in aggregate relative to sensitivities. I'll now cover each of the segments individually. I'll start with Midstream on slide six. After removing non-controlling interest of $36 million, Midstream's fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $33 million, $42 million lower than the third quarter. Transportation adjusted earnings for the quarter were $44 million, down $19 million from the prior quarter, driven by an increase in non-controlling interest related to the October dropdown of assets to PSXP and lower equity earnings from Rockies Express Pipeline due to the third quarter receipt of a $10 million settlement net to us. In NGL, we had an adjusted loss of $5 million for the quarter. This represented an $8 million decrease from the prior quarter, and was largely driven by higher expenses associated with placing the Freeport LPG terminal into service. Our adjusted loss associated with DCP Midstream was $6 million in the fourth quarter, a $15 million decrease compared to the previous quarter. This was primarily due to higher reliability and maintenance spending and lower equity earnings. Turning to Chemicals on slide seven, fourth quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $124 million, $66 million lower than the third quarter. In Olefins and Polyolefins, adjusted earnings decreased by $60 million from the prior quarter, driven largely by lower margins and turnaround activities at Cedar Bayou and one of CPChem's joint ventures. Global O&P utilization was 86%, 7% lower than the prior quarter and in line with guidance. Adjusted earnings for SA&S decreased by $7 million on lower aromatics margins as well as lower equity earnings. In Refining, crude utilization was 93% for the quarter, in line with guidance. Clean product yield was 86%, our highest ever. The higher clean product yield was partially due to the sale of the Whitegate refinery and increased butane blending during the quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $205 million. Realized margin was $6.47 per barrel, $0.76 lower than in the third quarter. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings compared to the previous quarter. In total, the Refining segment had an adjusted loss of $95 million, down $229 million from last quarter. Regionally, the Atlantic Basin had capacity utilization of 102% and saw higher earnings in the fourth quarter, reflecting improved market cracks. The other regions were all impacted by lower margins. The Gulf Coast clean product realizations were negatively impacted by the rise in prices relative to the timing of shipments during the quarter. Margins were down in the Central Corridor, where the market crack fell $3.62 per barrel. In the West Coast region, the Los Angeles refinery ran significantly below capacity during October and November. This contributed to our 71% regional crude capacity utilization and higher costs versus the third quarter. West Coast capture was also hurt by product differentials between the benchmark Los Angeles market and other West Coast markets. Next we will cover market capture on slide nine. The 3:2:1 market crack for the quarter was $12.10 per barrel, down from $12.96 in the third quarter. Our realized margin for the fourth quarter was $6.47 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 53%, down slightly from 56% in the prior quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries and our production relative to the market crack calculation. With 86% clean product yield for the quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from Secondary Products of $2.69 per barrel were $0.25 per barrel improved this quarter despite rising crude costs, as NGL prices increased more than crude. Feedstock advantage was $0.45 per barrel higher than the third quarter. The Other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials, and inventory impacts. This category was $1.36 per barrel worse than the third quarter, due in part to lower product differentials. Let's move to Marketing & Specialties on slide 10. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the fourth quarter were $140 million, down $127 million from the third quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $114 million decrease in adjusted earnings was largely due to lower domestic and international realized marketing margins, reflecting the impact of seasonality and rising product prices. Specialties adjusted earnings decreased by $13 million, primarily as a result of seasonally lower lubricants volumes and costs associated with a brand refresh. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted after-tax net costs of $119 million this quarter compared to $110 million in the third quarter. The increase in net costs reflects higher interest expense due to the October bond offering by Phillips 66 Partners and lower capitalized interest from placing the Freeport LPG Export Terminal into service, as well as higher environmental costs. On slide 12 we summarize our financial results for the year. 2016 adjusted earnings were $1.5 billion or $2.82 per share. At the end of the fourth quarter, our debt to capital ratio was 30% and our net debt to capital ratio was 24%. The adjusted return on capital employed for 2016 was 5%. Slide 13 shows full-year cash flow. We began 2016 with a cash balance of $3.1 billion. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations for the year was $2.5 billion. Working capital increased cash flow by $500 million. Phillips 66 Partners raised approximately $1 billion in public equity offerings and $1.3 billion in debt. We funded $2.8 billion of capital expenditures and investments, including third-party acquisitions like PSXP that totaled approximately $260 million. We distributed $2.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the fourth quarter with 519 million shares outstanding. On the cash flow chart, included in the Other category, are advances to equity affiliates and distributions to PSXP LP unit holders. At the end of December, our cash balance stood at $2.7 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next I'll cover a few outlook items. In the first quarter, in Chemicals we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the high 80s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low 80s and before tax turnaround expenses to be between $300 million and $350 million as this is expected to be a heavy turnaround quarter for us. We expect Corporate and Other costs to come in between $125 million and $140 million after-tax. For 2017, we expect full year turnaround expenses to be between $625 million and $675 million pre-tax. We expect Corporate and Other costs to come in between $490 million and $510 million. We expect full year D&A of about $1.3 billion, and company-wide we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everybody. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Could you update us  hi, guys. Could you update us on the contribution that the Freeport LPG Export Terminal made in Q4? I assume it was nothing, if not negative. And what the anticipated contribution EBITDA-wise is for this coming year or this current year of 2017? And can you do the same for the crude storage that you added? And finally, could you just update us on the very latest on how the petrochemical, major Petrochemical Project is going on the Gulf Coast? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. So I think look, on the LPG export facility, we premised eight cargoes a month. I think we did about $5.5 million.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Correct.
Greg C. Garland: In December.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: So we essentially had a full quarter worth of cost, which is somewhere around $12 million-ish I guess. So we probably did not offset the cost with the cargoes during the fourth quarter. As you look into the first quarter, January we did eight cargoes. I think we have the same laid in for February and March. And so I think that as you think about that project, we've never really broken down what the export facility is going to be. We've said the total Sweeny Hub, which is the frac, LPG export, caverns, et cetera is $400 million to $500 million of EBITDA. And we've said there's about $200 million or so of arb in there. So that leaves you, kind of, $300 million-ish. The frac's up and running. And that's somewhere $65 million to $70 million of EBITDA. That leaves you the balance with what it will be in LPG export facility. I will say we premised $0.12 in the economics for the fee across the dock, Paul. And we have some contracts above that and some below that. And then we're doing at least two to three cargos a month of spot. And the spot is about 70% of what we premised. So I think that kind of covers. Tim's acting like he wants to come in.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I'd just say that on the volume side, it's been strong demand. We're seeing good pull out of Asia. Good demand out of Europe as well as some demand out of Latin America. And so heating season in the northern hemisphere has been a pull. And then petrochemical demand has been good as well. So I think the good news is on the volume side. And we'll see where the arbs go. But I think we started up very smoothly. Got it loaded. Now we've got to work on optimization of that value.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. And the very latest on the Gulf Coast?
Timothy Garth Taylor: On the petrochemical side, the two projects, really. At Sweeny we've got the derivative units in polyethylene. And those are coming up midyear. So it's on target just as we expected, so we're in the commissioning phases and those kinds of things now. The ethane cracker is fourth quarter is how we look at the completion, so behind in terms of where they are, but still feeling with the contract interventions we've made, additional l resources that that project is holding well for the end of the year. And so you get a partial value uplift with the polyethylene startup in the summer. And then you really move into where the full value uplift though, will really come in 2018 as the cracker really comes online at that point.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you, Rosy.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert with Simmons. Your line is open.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff A. Dietert: Phillips 66's leverage to NGLs through the Sweeny Hub and NGL pipeline enters fractionators and the LPG export facility. NGL production has really held up better than oil or natural gas production, which fell with the reduced activity last year. Would you discuss your outlook for NGLs with the relatively strong performance on the production side? And what opportunities you might see for additional infrastructure?
Greg C. Garland: I'll start high level then Tim can come in. I think that we're quite pleased by the way the NGL volumes held up in 2016. Our view is rig count is going up, bottomed in somewhere just over 300, up over 500 rigs to increasing activity, particularly coming out of the Permian, I think that bodes well for NGLs. As you know we have an expansion announced at our Sand Hills line, from 285 to at least 350, maybe a little more than that. But high interest, I would say, from producers in moving their liquids to market. So we're interested in that. In our capital budget this year, towards the end of the year, we have laid in plans to FID Frac Two. We're in, I would say, very serious discussions on the volumes for that frac. And I think we're feeling pretty good about that at this point in time. So I think we see an increasing need for infrastructure around the NGL side of it. Our plan was always to not stop with Frac One in Sweeny, but do Frac Two and Frac Three at Sweeny. So I think we start laying in those plans as we see increased opportunities for infrastructure development around what we view is going be an increasing NGL environment. I think I'd just say, and Tim can probably talk to this too a little bit more, crude prices are certainly recovered. NGL prices have been on a rip here in the last quarter I would say, certainly towards the first part of this year also. But we think that the arbs tend to open back up. We think with increased production, we're not going to have enough demand in the U.S. to clear either the heating markets or petrochemical markets and you're going have to export. So we do think that arbs do open up in, certainly in 2017, but particularly the back half of 2017.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Just a couple comments, Jeff, on that. First of all, as the cracker start-up, the ethane comes out of rejection back down the pipe, so you've got a natural load on both fractionators as well as the pipe. So I think that's a direct upside to both the DCP and PSXP and PSX. And then as Greg mentioned, the industry is running very light right now in ethane because they're strongly favored in the petrochemical crack. So the propane is really pulled with both the heating demand here and then some good demand out of those export markets. And as we look out, the balance is  we still feel very confident butane, propane and now ethane even needs to balance to the export markets in the future. So we think that continues to be a structurally a very good play.
Jeff A. Dietert: With the real strength, almost spiking prices in propane and butane, it obviously helps frac margins, but with butane, it's typically a winter grade gasoline component, and how is that influencing gasoline production and gasoline margins?
Timothy Garth Taylor: We saw it in the fourth quarter in our system, we're up actually about two points on clean product yield, and a lot of that is due directly to butane blending in our system. That's going to wind down, but that certainly underpinned the butane price in the short-term was that that play into the gasoline pool. Our expectation is that it's seasonal and that begins to come off as we get into the summer season. You make summer grade gasoline, you can't blend as much butane in it.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thanks for your comments.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Thanks, Jeff.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC I'm on mute, sorry. Good morning.
Rosy Zuklic: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Ed. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC That was a great question I just asked. I've forgotten it now.
Greg C. Garland: Well, we gave a great answer, too, Ed, so. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you. So just on Chemicals, as you, obviously, start up the downstream plant and then the cracker, you're going to get OpEx costs, some you can capitalize. Maybe just walk through a little bit about how we should think about how this is going to hit earnings, and then, obviously, distributions in, perhaps, a little bit more detail as we go through the quarters here and into 2018.
Timothy Garth Taylor: As you start up, you've obviously got now to the extent that you've got loading up in the operations side when your start up, that will actually begin to hit, and so you need the production to offset that. So you've got a couple of months where you'll see that and before you get the contribution on the margin. So as you go, you should  on the Chemicals side, you would expect in the summer the increase in the OpEx at the  running rate. The units then will contribute to the earnings, and so you see that. We think that's a relatively smaller piece of the total project because the margins on the polyethylene, with purchased ethylene or the ethylene upgrade is relatively small. As you get to the fourth quarter, you'll see those start-up expenses and stuff on the cracker, those are larger. And then as you get into the first quarter of 2018 on that, if the start-up occurs in the fourth quarter, you begin to see the earnings. So I think you've got exposure, higher expenses without full coverage on the earnings side during that startup period. But normally that's a relatively short period of time, a month or two. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC And then on the distribution side because the CapEx will be coming down as the project comes closer to closing out.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I really think that the CapEx is the big driver. And so you're on the part now where compared to last year, it's down significantly. And so I think we need to complete the project. The owners will look at that, but we're still thinking that the operating rate and the margin environment in Chemicals will be pretty constructive this year. So we're thinking that there's a good chance that we should be able to begin to see the CapEx, so to speak, that's not there available for distribution, say that's $1 billion or so roughly.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah.
Timothy Garth Taylor: And then in 2018, you then get the earnings contribution which would then add additional distribution. And so we take 50% of that, Ed. But the CapEx is certainly going to be there this year. I just think it's a good time to make sure that we cover that expenditure from the project side as owners. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC And then on the DCP, the simplification or the change in structure, maybe just walk through a little bit about how that's going to affect cash distributions back to PSX. And some people still think that the debt burden is still too high, so maybe some comments on your opinion there given that there is an exciting growth opportunity in that asset for the upstream producers in the Permian.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Ed, this is Kevin. So as you think about the new structure, at the entity up-top, which is where us and Spectra have the 50%-50% ownership, all you have there now are the LP and GP interests, which attract the LP distributions and the IDRs that come with that. There's some debt. There's about $400 million of debt there. So the debt service expense and then those distributions coming up. So what that means is we should see a path to distributions back out to the owners much sooner than we would have previously. So we would expect to see cash coming out in 2017. As you know, through that restructuring, we've put in place some conditional IDR givebacks if needed at the MLP level but with the way the markets have gone and NGL prices, that doesn't look so likely that would be needed in the current environment. So we do expect we'll start seeing cash coming back to the owners this year. From a standpoint of growth, with the simplification, clearly any growth activities will take place at the MLP. And so they need to look at their overall capital structure, cost of capital from a standpoint of the ability to issue debt and equity. Clearly with the leverage that's there at this point in time, that you wouldn't expect to see debt being issued without some equity as well because they're kind of at the high end of the range from a leverage standpoint. But the encouraging news is they're seeing opportunities as well. So the growth opportunities are starting to surface again and they announced a little bit of that at the time of the restructuring. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, everybody. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Guys, there was obviously an awful lot of moving parts in the quarter especially with the start-up costs. So I wonder if I could ask one of the other questions slightly differently. To the extent you can, is it possible to quantify what the, I guess, the combination of opportunity costs and sort of one-offs start-up events, if that hadn't been there, what would have  what was the sort of EBITDA loss to those issues that on a normalized quarter would not normally have been there? I don't know if that's something you'd be able to quantify.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Doug, this is Kevin. The items that I ran through that were the kind of outside of the normal market sensitivities. So on DCP that was about $20 million. And these are net income effect, right. So not EBITDA. You'd have to gross up for an EBITDA equivalent. So $20 million on DCP between the integrity maintenance spending and the impact of the hedges. And the refining, the effect of the realized  the product differentials about $50 million. And then the commercial activities, including some of the hedges on discretionary inventory, about $75 million. So if you add those up, you're at $145 million of kind of out of the ordinary items that are pretty difficult to model without having all the detail in front of you.
Doug Leggate: I guess, I was thinking more about startup costs and the opportunity costs of having downtime in West Coast, those kind of issues as opposed to what you called out, Kevin. Is it  can you put some numbers around that or not?
Rosy Zuklic: Hey, Doug. This is Rosy. What I was going to say for the West Coast, you could probably just think about the L.A. refinery, which was the one where we had the significant downtime. And that was the vast majority of our turnaround expense. So we had about $205 million of turnaround, so call it $100 million. The other thing that was happening there is L.A. was down in month of October completely and in half of the month of November, and all in for the quarter, it ran at roughly 45% utilization rate. So the way I look at it is the margin capture really wasn't there for L.A. The San Francisco market is very different and so is the Ferndale  where Ferndale is, up in Seattle is very different. So we can't really quantify that piece of it, but there's roughly $100 million from the turnaround costs and then above that you've got the margin that's missing.
Doug Leggate: Okay, we can take the rest offline. Thanks for that, Rosy. My follow-up I'm afraid is a policy question. You guys are one of the biggest importers, obviously, of Canadian crude. We've heard from some of your peers that they are seeing real allocations from OPEC suppliers. I'm just wondering if you could walk us through what can reduce the flexibility options you would have in the event that there is a border tax. So how you guys are thinking about that and whether you can confirm you're also seeing OPEC allocations? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Maybe let me address the broader border tax. First of all, you're correct. I think we've probably imported 1 million barrels last quarter...
Kevin J. Mitchell: That's right.
Greg C. Garland: ...of crude. And we are probably the largest importer of Canadian crude within that 1 million barrels. So we support tax reform. We think it's important. We think it ought to be fair to all industries. You shouldn't pick winners and losers with your tax policy. Our view is that there's a lot of ground left to cover and that getting this tax change through is going to take more time than what people think. It looks like the Senate is going have their own plan against the Republican plan. But if just border tax goes through in the form as we understand it, we would pay more taxes on the Refining business at 20% than we pay at 35% today, so that's a negative. We think crude prices go up 25%. We think gasoline prices go up $0.30  $0.40 a gallon in that scenario. We're worried about demand destruction in that case and what happens. So we're concerned about second, third order, fourth order impacts beyond just that. But you think about increased domestic production that gets incented with higher prices, probably more Midstream infrastructure, so directionally it's probably good for our Midstream business. And you think across the Chemicals platform, and historically we've exported between 15% and 25% of ethylene produced in the U.S. and derivative equivalents. And I think that that's probably similar to what people are thinking going forward. So from an export perspective, the border tax adjustment would be good for the Chemicals business. So we have to think about it across all three of our platforms and how it impacts those platforms. Now specifically to the Canadian crude question and how we might substitute that, I'm going to let Tim dive into that one.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah, Doug. So I think about our system and you think about our imports there, if you just took light, say U.S. crude is largely light, you probably got 400,000-barrels a day that we can put into additional light. Most of that could be U.S. in terms of rather than importing a light crude. You get the heavy crudes, the availability is not really there, so I think our view would be is that you'll still have to do that and that import is the marginal barrel. And that's why we see pricing would probably be parity in terms of a U.S. barrel versus an import barrel ultimately. And so I just think we'd continue to optimize, but it's unlikely that you could cover the entire U.S. refining need without imported barrels, even the border tax. I think as we look at it, just everything re-equilibrates and the impacts vary across our business lines.
Greg C. Garland: Short term I'm not sure where the Canadian crude goes.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: I think it's got to drain south. Longer term, options can be developed for that. So I don't think we're worried about the Canadian crude going away. But it will have to price.
Timothy Garth Taylor: That's right.
Greg C. Garland: Such that the refiners run it.
Doug Leggate: To be clear, Greg, so your comment about gasoline prices, my read of that is that you're suggesting you would be able to pass that cost through. Is that a fair read or not?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, at $70, it's $14 a barrel. Our mid-cycle net income is about $2.25, so it just doesn't work.
Doug Leggate: Right.
Greg C. Garland: It's going to get passed  or mostly passed through.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I'm sorry. On the OPEC issue, just could you confirm whether you're seeing allocations there?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I'd say that we've seen minimal impact in our business from our perspective. But certainly we see that when you just look at the macro data that cuts are there. I think it just takes time for that to work its way into the system. And if you go through the first quarter heavy turnarounds, particularly for heavier grades here in the U.S., it may take a while until that shows up. But generally if the cuts are really centered around heavy production, you would expect the light-heavy dip to narrow a bit. But I think that's an effect that you would see now over the next several quarters. And it's really going to show up in terms of will the inventories on global crude fall and where do you pull that? But I think it's early with that and we've not seen impacts with that yet.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate your answers, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Phil M. Gresh: Hey, good afternoon.
Rosy Zuklic: Hi, Phil.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Hi, Phil.
Phil M. Gresh: Greg, last we talked to you, you were pretty conservative on your views for the Refining outlook and we've had a tough start to the year. I thought maybe you could just talk about your views maybe for the first half on Refining and then for the other parts of the business, Chemicals, how you're thinking about that for 2017 as well.
Greg C. Garland: Okay, I'll start with we've got a lot of inventory with crude and products. And so for us, first half of 2017 feels about like 2016 to us at this point in time. I think as you start moving into the back half of 2017, we see some opportunity, certainly for margins to improve, but I think we need to pull down some inventories. And that also assumes that the demand is going be fairly good. And it's been fairly robust in 2016. We expect, I would say, good demand growth in 2017 in Refining. So the other thing I would say, a heavy turnaround quarter it looks like in the first quarter globally across the Refining space. And so we'll see how that actually plays out, but there is a lot of turnaround activity across the globe. And that may back up some crude, but I think it will give us a chance to pull down some of the product inventory. So as we start moving into the second quarter  back half of the second quarter, we think things start to get better. On Chemicals, we're still pretty bullish about demand growth. We think that we're still growing at 1.5 times GDP in the Chemicals business, and I think we see good opportunities in 2017. I think you're going to see the crackers that come up. So we're already signaling that we're towards the end of the year in 2017. So all these crackers won't come up in 2017. They'll be up in 2017 and 2018. So I think the market impact of those crackers coming is muted. And so I don't think we're going to see the depression in margins in 2017 that a lot of people had anticipated. Although we've always been probably more bullish on margins in 2017 than everyone else for the Chems. So I think Chems is set up for a pretty good year in 2017.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I would say also, constructive on Chemicals, is if crude oil continues to rise relative to ethane, say, in the U.S., then that creates additional upside. So there will be some adjustments as the crackers come up, but generally operating rates look pretty strong and we're still seeing really good demand around the world.
Phil M. Gresh: Got it, thanks. And then my next question is just if I look at your CFO number for 2016, strip out the working capital tailwind of $500 million, it was sub-$2.5 billion, and I know the long-term target, Greg, you've talked about often is $4 billion to $5 billion. So I was trying to think about 2017 in the context of those two numbers in light of what your view is on the macro environment, the projects, et cetera. I mean it feels to me like it might be difficult to get above $3.5 billion this year, but I don't know if you've got any thoughts on that that you can share?
Greg C. Garland: We typically don't forecast cash flows for the year. I do think that you're going to see more cash generated in 2017 than in 2016 with these projects coming on, reduce capital expenditures. We've started $3.9 billion last year, came down at $2.28 billion end of 2016. We have kind of $2.7 billion target this year. I will say that as we look across the capital portfolio that we have, we're finishing up the big projects. And so a lot of what we have is a lot of smaller projects and we think they're good return projects, but we have a lot of discretionary room that we can move the capital budget. We probably have $500 million to $750 million of discretion in our capital budget this year that we could move, if we needed to. And so I think that on balances that we'll be able to manage that. We are committed to increasing the dividend this year. We are committed to $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases, but you look at the growth profile we have at PSXP, we'll probably do somewhere around $2 billion-ish of, let's say, debt and some form of equity in 2017, just like 2016 to hit kind of our 2018 run rate number. I don't know, Kevin or Tim, do you want to step in?
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah. Just one additional point and Tim touched on it earlier. You think about the equity affiliates. So in 2017, we should see some cash coming back from DCP. We should see more distributions from CPChem. And then, of course, that builds up, becomes even more significant when you get into 2018 and you got full year of operations on the cracker. So there is a line of sight to increasing that operating cash flow, although of course, it's also heavily dependent on the margin environment as well.
Phil M. Gresh: Kevin, if I could just ask one more to you. The deferred tax piece big tailwind in 2015 and 2016. Could you elaborate on what the source of that deferred tax benefit has done and if it's something that's sustainable?
Kevin J. Mitchell: So that derives from the  it's really part of the benefit of the heavy investment we've been going through. As these assets go into operation, we get to take bonus depreciation and so that effectively cuts your cash tax, Phil, and that's reflected through that deferred tax on the cash flow statement. So we had benefit in 2015, we had benefit in 2016 and we'd expect to see some benefit in 2017 again as well.
Phil M. Gresh: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Hey, folks. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about the guidance for utilization in 1Q. It looks to be pretty well below what you had been trending, and I was curious if you could help us out with understanding maybe regionally where some of those reductions are coming? And also if you could kind of confirm, I guess one of your peers had alluded to potential for economic run cuts. I didn't know if maybe any of that included economic cuts or if it was purely planned maintenance.
Greg C. Garland: It's all planned maintenance. We typically don't go into where, because we feel like it disadvantages our commercial folks when we do that, but it's going to be a heavy year for us in 2017. We try to do five-year turnaround cycles and what's happening, they're just lining up and then of course, you have regulatory targets you have to hit in terms of bringing assets out of service for inspection, et cetera. So I think we're going to  2016 was about where we were in 2015. So we're going be a little bit higher in 2017 in terms of total turnaround costs and the first quarter, it's a big lift for us. And you can see that in the forecasts we've given you in terms of op rates.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, fair enough.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Just a real quick comment on that. That's on the Refining side, there's probably around four of those major turnarounds going on around our system. Chemicals, as well, has a heavy turnaround schedule, one in the U.S. and one in the Middle East joint venture. That's why that operating rate's guided lower in Chemicals as well. It's not demand driven. It's really the turnaround that drives the Chemicals outlook.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Got it. Okay. The second question was on Beaumont. If I am not mistaken, I believe that was kind of providing a step change in your export capacity. And I was just hoping you could help me. It looks like expansion is kind of coming on in phases. So I didn't know if the export capability is kind of tied to when that comes on, or just any color there.
Timothy Garth Taylor: So there's good demand for storage right now, as you might guess. And so we've done those projects. We're also in the process of really going through an engineering project to get our dock rate utilization up to go from 300,000 to 600,000. That's particularly important for crude. And so that's a project that would come on here in the next 12 to 18 months to be able to do that. And then as we step back, I think that that's going to don't be a benefit as producers look for options beyond just domestic consumption, but also to tie in to those export markets.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. But...
Timothy Garth Taylor: And that is a  yep. Go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: It sounds like that's more of an end of quarter  end of 1Q. In other words...
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Blake Fernandez: ...that capacity is not open right now.
Timothy Garth Taylor: That capacity, we're limited on that today. We're going to debottleneck that piece as part of our debottleneck plan at Beaumont and the master plan that we have.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, thank you very much.
Timothy Garth Taylor: On the export.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Good morning, everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Brad.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Good morning.
Brad Heffern: As a follow on to last question about exports, I was just wondering if you could go through sort of what you're seeing in the export markets for products right now, how the demand is looking?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Demand was really good. We ramped up in the fourth quarter. You've seen that really around industry data. So I think it's still there. I think Latin American refining system on the clean products side is continued to have issues, and that's created an opportunity. So that continues. So we still feel bullish in terms of the export side on the clean products.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks for that. And then, Greg, I think during this call you've said a couple of times you're committed to a dividend increase in 2017. I think in the past the guidance had always been for double-digit. Am I to assume that because you're not saying double-digit that it's just an increase in the dividend at this point and not necessarily that?
Greg C. Garland: We really haven't given guidance on exactly how much, but you should expect that it'll be in line with our desire to have a strong secure growing and competitive dividend. So we'll look at all those things when we make the decision around the dividend later this year.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hi, guys. How are you?
Greg C. Garland: Good. Thank you.
Neil Mehta: So, a question on slides 19 to 22 where you do the Refining margin walk. And the market capture was softer than what we would have expected across a number of the different regions. Can you talk about how you're thinking about that capture rate on a go forward basis? And there're two bars in particular; secondary products and other. If you could help us understand what's driving some of the movements in both of those bars, that'd be great. Thank you.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Neil, this is Kevin. The secondary products line is simply a function of the delta between your crude costs and the products  the non-clean products. So the sort of 15% or so of non-clean production which typically doesn't track with crude to the same extent. So as a rule of thumb as crude prices increase, then the losses on secondary products on a per barrel basis will increase and that will hurt capture. You see the opposite apply when crude prices decline. That drag on capture tends to be reduced. In the other, you have a whole series of items that can actually go in either direction relative to overall capture. So you've got the RINs expense is recorded there. The freight costs for outbound product is in there. Any of these product differentials, so when we talk about the actual realized product price versus the marker, then that will manifest itself in that part of the calculation.
Neil Mehta: Appreciate that, Kevin. And then follow-up is earlier this week one of your peers was commenting that they were seeing same store sales through their gas station network down 3% to 4% in January on a year-to-date basis. As you look at your marketing business recognizing you don't have the gas station business but your marketing business, are you seeing negative gasoline demand trends here in the U.S. to start 2017?
Greg C. Garland: I think seasonally, Neil, you see that this is a weaker driving time. So if you're looking sequentially over, say, the third quarter, you do see an impact. If you look at year ago, we continue to see on the same store growth in that. And so, I think that our anticipation is as you get back now into the spring and the driving season that you should begin to see that, but still gasoline to us we had good growth as an industry. We saw it in our chains and then I think this year we would expect some gasoline growth as well, but probably not as strong as we start to kind of the impact of pricing and vehicles miles driven et cetera begin to saturate. So, I think we're still thinking it's there. What's interesting, maybe, as an aside is that we're seeing a pickup in distillate on the transportation side which is I think very important to help bring some strength back into that market too.
Neil Mehta: Great. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger D. Read: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read: Hey, maybe as a follow-up to, I think it was Phil's questions, on cash flow. If we think about the projects you're talking about in the future here in terms of frac two and three, how should we think about maybe a beyond 2017 CapEx kind of run rate? And obviously we don't go back maybe to the 2015 levels of spending, but is what we've seen last year and kind of expectations for this year the right way to think about it?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah. I think that kind of a $3 billion run rate is something we're comfortable with. And that's $1 billion-ish of sustaining capital and $2 billion of growth capital. And we think we can get done what we needed to get done within those boundaries.
Roger D. Read: Okay. And then in a situation like that I would expect, and let's assume, a normal price environment, whatever that really is. You'd be cash flow positive. What would be the kind of plan after that, that it would be to reduce debt, to up share repurchases? Is it that you'd favor dividend? I'm just sort of curious which direction we should think about things going?
Greg C. Garland: I think that as we think about the hierarchy of how we allocate cash, the first thing is the sustaining capital. That's $1.1 billion or so. And the next goes to our dividend, and that's $1.3 billion, and we'll grow that every year going forward. Then we think about our investable opportunities and the returns that we can generate from those investable opportunities versus what we think the returns we can generate by buying our shares back in. And so we've got a natural tension there, but there's a competition there for that. And at this point in time, I don't think we see anything different from the guidance we've given in terms of the 60:40 allocation of reinvesting in the business versus distributions back to our shareholders.
Roger D. Read: Okay, thanks.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Corey Goldman with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Corey Goldman: Hey, guys. How's it going?
Greg C. Garland: Great. Thanks. How you doing this morning?
Corey Goldman: Not bad. I just wanted to get some more color on slide 17, the new sensitivity table you guys outlined, and specifically that for DCP. So DCP sensitivity in NGLs, it looks as though it's about 80% lower than what it was in 2016. Assuming some of those were just self-help initiatives or re-contracting, can you comment on what drove the rest of that reduction? Are there hedges in place there? And if so, are they direct products?
Kevin J. Mitchell: This is Kevin. You're exactly right. The delta there is driven by the hedges that are in place at DCP, which means from an earnings standpoint, you're not going to see the same  as much upside or downside to changes in commodity prices. And so there's hedges on NGLs and crude, if I've got those details right in my mind. Of course, the accounting drives it to be not always quite intuitive because the hedges are in place through the end of 2017. So at the end of each quarter, you're marking those future volumes through the end of the year. So there may or may not be an offset relative to the gain on the physical versus the paper that you're hedging out through the end of the year. Obviously as you progress through the year, that effect is muted somewhat.
Corey Goldman: Okay.
Greg C. Garland: I think if you think about the total equity link that we have at the new DCP enterprise, we probably hedged a third of that or so.
Kevin J. Mitchell: That's right, 30%.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. The other thing is that LLC used to be a 100% or 50:50 owned. Now it's down. The ownership percentage is effectively 38%. So there's some of that commodity exposure now that's moved into that piece of that along with the hedge effects.
Corey Goldman: Okay. Interesting. All right. And then maybe as a follow-up, given just how large DCP is in the overall NGL market in terms of overall production, did you see an impact on the price itself while you were out making the purchases for the hedges?
Kevin J. Mitchell: No, I'm not aware of any. No. No, I'm not aware of anything there.
Corey Goldman: Okay, and maybe just one last one, if I could. I think you had somewhat answered it in your previous answer. There are no hedges in 2018. Are we correct in stating that?
Kevin J. Mitchell: I believe that's correct.
Corey Goldman: Okay, that's it for us. I just wanted to make sure. Thanks, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Maybe this is for Tim. Tim, for the NGL fractionator two or three if you do decide to go ahead, should we assume it's nearly a carbon copy of the fractionator number one, so it is going to cost about $1 billion? And if that's the case, is that going to be housed by PSX, or it is going to be in the MLP for Phillips 66 Partners given that it should be getting big enough that they can maybe be able to do it? And...
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah...
Paul Cheng: And what sort of timeline on FID you may be thinking about at this point?
Timothy Garth Taylor: Okay. So the capital, I think the beauty of a second frac is you can leverage some of the infrastructure you put in place. So I think our view is the next increment of capital will be lower because you've got all the utilities and some of the caverns, et cetera, pipes in place, and we planned for that. So that's a beneficial incremental project. And then in terms of when we could do that, as Greg mentioned earlier, we're seeing a lot of NGL looking at our de-ramp or the ramp-up on Sand Hills out of the Permian. And so producers are beginning to ask that. So I think we're looking to develop that. But ultimately, you look at the Permian, the Eagle Ford and the recovery that we're seeing in the Mid-Continent as well and you believe there's going be need for the fractionation. So the timing, we'd like to have, you would say maybe later this year, but it's one we're always going keep on the front burner as we develop that, but we don't want to do that until we're contracted around that.
Paul Cheng: And is it going be housed by PSX, or is it going be by the Partners?
Timothy Garth Taylor: The current frac is owned by the Partners. And so I think they are getting much bigger. They're doing a CapEx spend today that's over $400 million. And so it's getting into a point where they could do that. It may be a bit early on that, Paul, depending on the timing. But ultimately we'd like to move as much of the Midstream spend into PSXP that it makes sense to do and that they can manage. So I think getting bigger they've already taken on significant amount of our consolidated capital budget already.
Paul Cheng: Tim, if you guys are going to do the second, you think cracker, I think Greg had mentioned previously, I think at one point he was talking about 2018 and then talking about 2019. Are we still talking about 2019 tie up the next FID, or that also had been changed?
Greg C. Garland: Second cracker.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think it's post-2018. I think the soonest you see FID based on in-sharing and where we are working at the CPChem level, that would likely become now 2019  2020 decision on FID.
Paul Cheng: And when I'm looking at the turnaround or that the utilization rate you guys mentioned in the Refining low 80% in the crude, should we assume that your total throughput is also going be in the low-80% to the total throughput capacity or that the turnaround is really more in the crude and your conversion (1:01:07) and so as a result, your total throughput is not going be down that much?
Timothy Garth Taylor: No. Fundamentally as you look at these, these are major turnarounds, Paul, and so it's roughly going approximate that utilization that we've guided to.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And finally, I just want to confirm. Tim, you mentioned earlier that you guys still seeing gasoline demand growth in January in your system? Because if we're looking at the DOE number there, they talk about a 5% to 6% drop. Marathon Petroleum was talking about in their network dropping about 3% to 4%. So just want to confirm whether I understand you correctly saying in your wholesale system that in January you're still seeing year-over-year gain?
Timothy Garth Taylor: I said sequentially you see a decline, but year-on-year same period, you've seen the growth. So no.
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Timothy Garth Taylor: We've seen decline sequentially in January as you would expect from a seasonal input.
Paul Cheng: Yes, but I'm talking about year-over-year. Say, January of this year comparing to January of last year.
Timothy Garth Taylor: No. We still  from our system, our view is that we still see a small increase in the gasoline through our same stores year-on-year.
Paul Cheng: Well, interesting
Greg C. Garland: Just over 1%.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, 1%. Yeah.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Pretty small, but still there.
Paul Cheng: That looks like a rock star comparing to the DOE number.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Take care, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Rosy.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Sally, and thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please give C.W. or me a call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Julie and I will be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Rosy Zuklic, General Manager, Investor Relations. Rosy, you may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material, we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results differ are included here as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I'll turn the call to Greg Garland for some opening remarks. Greg?
Greg Garland: Thanks, Rosy. Good morning, everyone, thank you for joining us today. Third quarter results reflect the benefit of our diversified downstream portfolio and our continued strong operating performance in the challenging market. Our refining was again impacted by difficult market conditions, marketing and specialties and chemicals performed well and we delivered total adjusted earnings of $556 million or $1.05 per share. During the quarter market cracks further, crude differentials tightened and crude and NGL prices remain depressed. We operated safely, we ran our assets well and our industry leading safety metrics for the year are the best we have ever achieved for holding our costs flat. We continue to execute on our disciplined capital allocation strategy. We recently lowered capital guidance to approximately $3 billion for 2016. We expect our 2017 capital budget to be below $3 billion. We are growing our higher value businesses and are focused on high return value enhancing projects. We are executing well on our projects under construction and we remain confident that our growth strategy will create value for our shareholders. We target a long term 60/40 split between reinvestment and distributions. We expect the free cash flow generated from operations and proceeds from Phillips 66 partners, capital market access to be sufficient to fund our growth program and distribution to our shareholders. We remain committed to our growing, secure and competitive dividends as well as $1 billion to $2 billion per year of share repurchases. In midstream lower energy prices and narrowed differentials have reduced the need for major infrastructure projects. Were pivoted to investing in projects to build value around our extensive asset portfolio of refineries and logistics infrastructure. As we think about long term global crude demand we believe that US shale will be called upon to balance the market which will provide additional opportunities to create values in midstream. We are finishing instruction on several of our major projects at Freeport commissioning on 150,000 barrel per day, LPG export terminal is underway with our first cargoes expected to be shipped before year end. Shipments will be mix of term and spot cargoes. The Dakota Access pipeline is nearing completion. While the project awaits the issuance of an easement from the US army core of engineers to complete work beneath the Missouri river, construction continues on the remaining segment of the pipeline. DAPL and adjoining ETCOP pipeline which is complete and ready for commissioning are expected to provide the most economic option for moving Bakken crude to the Gulf Coast. Phillips 66 has a 25% interest in each of these joint ventures. In the Gulf Coast the Beaumont Terminal expansion is ongoing. We have 3.2 million barrels, a new storage capacity under construction, 2 million of which are expected to be in service by year end. The Beaumont terminal continues to be a viable asset and we have plans to ultimately expand this facility to 16 million barrels. Phillips 66 partners remain an important part of our midstream growth strategy. So far this year the partnership has raised more than $2 billion in the capital market through debt and equity issuances which is used to grow through asset acquisition and the evolvement of organic projects. Partners remains on track to achieve its growth objective. Over five year 30% distribution compound annual growth rate through 2018. DCP midstream has made good progress on its strategic initiatives. DCP has reduced its cost structure, decrease its capital spending and continues to convert commodity expose contracts to a fee basis. We are pleased to see the improvements in our financial results and we expect that DCP will be self funded going further. In chemicals, global demand remains healthy. CPChem is advancing in US Gulf Coast petrochemical project which is about 85% complete. We expect the polyethylene business to start by mid 2017 and the ethane cracker in the second half of 2017. Once these new facilities are in operation, CPChem global ethane and polyethylene capacity will increase by approximately one-third. As capital spending will be reduced following the completion of projects, we expect to see increased distributions with CPChem starting next year. In refining this quarter we completed the saleable Whitegate refinery in Ireland and advanced several returning hands in projects. At the Wood River refinery, the bottleneck in yield improvement projects were complete this quarter and increase is available heavy oil processing capability. At the Billings refinery we are increasing the amount of heavy Canadian crude we can run to 100%. And at Bayway work on the FCC modernization progressing on schedule. During the quarter we generated nearly 1.2 billion in cash from operations and from the Phillips 66 Partners equity offering. We have returned more than $500 million of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the third quarter. Since the formation we have returned $12.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and the repurchase or exchange of 120 million shares. So with that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell to review the quarter results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. Starting on slide four; third quarter net income was $511 million, we had several special items that netted to a loss of $45 million. In chemicals we had $89 million impairment of CPChem equity affiliate. We also received a legal award in the third quarter but increased refining net income by $43 million. After removing these items adjusted earnings were $556 million or $1.05 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was $883 million and was reduced by a pension plan contribution of over $300 million. Excluding $339 million of working capital benefit operating cash flow was $544 million. In addition PSXT raised nearly $300 million from an equity offering during the third quarter. Capital spending for the quarter was $661 million with $365 million spent on growth mostly in midstream. Distribution to shareholders in the third quarter totaled $508 million including $329 million in dividends and $179 million in share repurchases. At the end of the third quarter our debt-to-capital ratio was 27% and after taking into account our ending cash balance our net-debt-to-capital ratio was 21%. Year-to-date annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 7%, our adjusted effective income tax rate for the third quarter was 30%. Slide five compares third quarter and second quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were up by $57 million driven by improvements in midstream and marketing and specialties. Next we will cover each of the segments individually. I'll start with Midstream on slide six. After removing the non-controlling interest of $28 million, Midstream's third quarter adjusted earnings were $75 million, $36 million high up in the second quarter. Transportation adjusted earnings for the quarter were $63 million down $2 million from the prior quarter driven by higher operating cost associated with seasonal maintenance and low volumes due to refinery downtime. This was partially offset by higher equity earnings from Rockies Express Pipeline which included the receipt of $10 million settlement net to us. In NGL, adjusted earnings were $3 million for the quarter, this represented a $20 million increase from the prior quarter and was largely driven by higher earnings on seasonal trading and storage activity. Our share of adjusted earnings from DCP midstream was $9 million in the third quarter, an $18 million improvement compared to the previous quarter. This was primarily due to favorable contract restructuring efforts, lower costs, improved asset performance and higher natural gas prices. Turning to chemicals on slide seven. Third quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $190 million the same as in second quarter. In olefins and polyolefins adjusted earnings decreased by $5 million from the prior quarter reflecting unplanned downtime. This was mostly offset by higher polyethylene chain margins. Global O&P utilization was 91%. Adjusted earnings for SA&S increased by $6 million on higher benzene margins. In Refining, we operated well with 97% crude utilization for the quarter. Clean product yield was constant at 84% with gasoline yield at 44% for the quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $117 million in-line with guidance. Realized margin was $7.23 per barrel roughly the same as in the second quarter. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings compared to the previous quarter. In total, the Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $134 million, down $18 million from last quarter. Regionally, the Atlantic Basin of West Coast had lower earnings than last quarter primarily due to lower market cracks. The Central Corridor had adjusted earnings that were $87 million higher than the second quarter resulting from an improved [indiscernible] cracks and benefits from higher margins on Canadian crude. And in the Gulf Coast earnings were slightly lower than the second quarter due to increased cost related to plant maintenance activity. Next, we'll cover market capture on slide nine. Our worldwide realized margin for the third quarter was $7.23 per barrel versus the 3:2:1 market crack of $12.96 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 56% compared to 62% in the second quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries and our production relative to the market crack calculation. With 84% clean product yield for the quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $2.94 per barrel were $0.47 per barrel lower this quarter as the price differential between crude oil and lower valued products such as coke and NGLs increased. Feedstock advantage was approximately $1 per barrel lower than the second quarter, as crude differentials tightened further specially the LLS mild spread. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. These costs were lower than the second quarter due to improved product differential and crude purchasing timing partially offset by higher RINs prices. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties, where we posted a strong third quarter. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the third quarter were $267 million, up $38 million from the second quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $29 million increase was largely due to increased margins in both the US and Europe. The iron wholesale business was sold in September as part of the Whitegate refinery disposition. Specialties' adjusted earnings increased by $9 million, primarily as a result of improved base oil margins, and higher volumes at the XL joint venture. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had adjusted after-tax net costs of $110 million this quarter, an improvement of $1 million from the second quarter. Slide 12 shows year to-date cash flow. We began the year with a cash balance of $3.1 billion. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations for the first three quarters $1.8 billion. Working capital changes increased cash flow by $500 million. Phillips 66 Partners has raised $1 billion in a public equity offering through the third quarter. We have funded $2 billion of capital expenditures on investments and year-to-date weve distributed nearly $1.8 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. We ended the third quarter with $521 million shares expanding. At the end of September our cash balance stood at $2.3 billion up slightly from $2.2 billion at the end of the second quarter. Earlier this month PSXP raised $1.1 billion in the debt capital markets that will positively impact the fourth quarter cash balance. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next Ill cover a few outlook items. In the fourth quarter in chemicals we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid 80s due to planned turnaround activity. In refining we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low 90s and before tax turnaround expenses to be $170 million to $200 million. We expect corporate and other costs to come in between $130 million and $140 million after tax due in part to increased interest expense from the recently issued PSXP notes and companywide we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid 30s. With that we will now open the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse, your line is open.
Edward Westlake: Good morning, everyone. Just on the cash generation I mean obviously, cash generation this year has been a lot lower than last year part of that is the margin environment part of that investing in CPChem, but may be just talk a little bit about whether youre concerned about the cash flow drop and obviously you got some lead as to improve it what those big ones are?
Greg Garland: Well, we always tell this wasnt  always be a very volatile business and I think we plan for that as we think through mid cycles we should generate $4 billion to $5 billion of cash and $1 billion to $2 billion coming out of the MLP and we think thats sufficient to fund $1.3 billion dividend going and to fund $3 billion ish capital program and $1 billion to $2 billion ish every purchase. I think we feel pretty comfortable within that context.
Kevin Mitchell: If I could just add onto that so as we move into 2017 I think there is a couple of things one is, capital certainly has come down this year. We are guiding to something under $3 billion in 2017. At CPChem as we finished up the cracker in these big projects we get the benefit of that. You get the incremental earnings coming off from these projects. So we think crude cash flow actually starts to build into 2017.
Edward Westlake: Okay and then back in September 2015 as you talk about this not pivot but sort of emphasis on improvement refining tool you did give some self help actual numbers by region obviously margin outlook may have changed since then. Do you feel comfortable those ranges are still reasonable for sort of planning purposes?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes I think they are still fairly reasonable. I think that returns are going to be just a little lower but as we went back and we back half season with these projects we would still make these investments in refining.
Edward Westlake: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffery Dietert from Simmons, your line is open.
Jeffery Dietert: Good morning. I would like to ask question on the Freeport LNG terminal obviously LNG or LPG exports have been rising in the US broadly and you are coming on with inventories relatively high and opportunity to export. Could you talk about what you are seeing demand wise what arbitrage looks like in exporting LPGs and kind of how that's evolved this year?
Timothy Taylor: Yes Jeff, this is Tim. Yes, I would say that from a demand standpoint still strong when you look at the numbers on the export side because the length in the US for particularly propane coming out of the US to international markets, so propane hydro plants for instance require a propane pick stock in the Asia, the heating markets and but the challenges has been as energy prices have deeps and narrows really across around the world the arbs on those have come in substantially. From the short term I think we still see good demand. We feel good about that but we look at it and say commercial side, the arb between the US net-back price and the destination price in Europe and Asia is lower than what we would expect long term. So I think when we startup we would expect to see that. That said we are still good underlying demand for the cargoes and the terminal.
Jeffery Dietert: And seeing new construction of new facilities that are going to increase LPG demand in Asia in the years ahead as well?
Timothy Taylor: Yes, I mean there is infrastructure, there is European interest, Latin American as well and the other thing that is out there of course, the flexibility of crackers to run more LPG in place of NAFTA on top of new petrochemical projects for instance that the propane dehydro that are very specific to propane and then there is continuing growth in the thermal market, the heating market for that as well.
Jeffery Dietert: Thanks Tim.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America is online with the question. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks everybody. Greg I want to take two quick ones. First of all it looks like your NGL business, DCP quarter looks like it started to improve a little bit I don't know if that's macro on the higher oil price if now feels as if you have got that thing stabilized and turning to the right direction. I just wanted to know if you can characterize, this is not bottomed out?
Greg Garland: No. I am happy to do that. I think couple of things, first of all I think that the work that DCP has done to reduce our cost structure, cash breakeven nearly dropped from kind of $0.60 per gallon NGL somewhere below $0.35 gallon NGL. So you see in that benefit show up. NGL prices quarter-on-quarter actually just a little bit lower but natural gas prices were up about $0.80 or so $0.89 I think. And so that was the benefit to DCP. So you had a combination effect of ore cost plus good through put volumes and then kind of neutral on NGL prices will better on gas prices.
Timothy Taylor: The other thing I would add maybe to that is that there has also been progress, continued progress converting some of the commodity based contracts to fee base and that's helped that a bit as well. So this is really about the three points that Greg talked about that helped drive that improvement.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate, speaking with you. Just more topic -- given one of your competitors the other day is how you feel about your embedded GP value drag. I know you have talked about this periodically but yield on your MLP obviously is much more constructive perhaps. I am just curious do you have any similar feelings around the market under recognizing the value of your midstream business in particularly any steps you might think about taking to improve the GP monetization or whatever. Just general thoughts around what you thought of  youre thinking about going forward?
Timothy Taylor: Doug, I would say I think our view continues to be by delivering steady fee base growth. We can maximize the value of the LP and frankly we think the GP is going to be recognized in that specifically the question to the GP we don't have any immediate plans to do anything with the GP. We are looking at it all the time and we certainly considering option to create value, I think that we know and kind of understand the lifecycle of MLPs and I think that tool on your toolkit being able to adjust the GP to get the optimal capital structure to continue to grow the MLP is very important and it shouldn't be overlooked in that decision process.
Doug Leggate: You don't feel you are anywhere close to that yet?
Timothy Taylor: I don't even have any immediate plans to IPO or GP if that's the question. It's 100 million, it's relatively small at this point in time.
Doug Leggate: Yes. I guess, youre getting at, you probably got a lot of growth ahead of you on the GP, it becomes burden on the MLP so when I said you are not close to that yet is that fair characterization of it, there is no need to be MLP?
Greg Garland: Yes. That's correct. Now we think about that a lot in the cost of capital at the MLP. I mean the IDR do at some point become a the cost of capital burden for the MLP.
Doug Leggate: All right. Appreciate the answer Greg. Thank you.
Operator: Paul Sankey from Wolfe is online with a question. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi guys. If I could directly follow-up on that we have seen a strategy shift from [Indiscernible] petroleum I am sure you are aware of in terms of accelerating dropdown. Can you talk about the parameters you have to potentially accelerate what you do in terms of dropdowns and remind us what your long term current plans are in terms of guidance for that trade we call it? Thank you.
Greg Garland: Yes. First of all, we are not talking on 2018 today in terms of guidance Paul. So I think we are committed to the 1.1 billion to 2018 that will represent 30% cagier in terms of that. I don't know Tim if you have got any other comments around it you want to make.
Timothy Taylor: No. I think that we see value in continuing that. We continue to invest in the midstream so I think there is a growth dimension to that so our view is that we continue to develop the pipeline of projects, grow that business, get the good value from the MLP and whole midstream business, Paul. So it's really that commitment to getting that size and then just looking beyond that is to continue to grow.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I guess, we have said, if you got 30% cagier it's probably pretty healthy basically to say the least. If I can totally change subject, Greg we have seen in the upstream side across the board costs have fallen dramatically in every aspects of the industry. Your chemical project was nothing it says 85% complete actually come in somewhat over budget, somewhat delayed, we talked about this years ago in terms of controlling the cost. Could you just remind us or update us on how it is that in this cost environment we still have seen upside to cost in the downstream? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes. Well, there is quite a bit of downstream activities still going on Paul. This kind of point that out. There is a lot of construction, lot of crackers under construction. So I think our polyethylene solely will come on kind of within expectations in terms of both the timing and the cost of facility, we have signaled that we think the crackers going to be in the second half of the year. So the cost of cracker probably will be 5% to 10% more than what we would have expected just due to delays we have seen in construction. I would tell you that Tim is working that really hard. And I don't know if you want to make a couple of comments what we are seeing on the ground today and some of the things we are doing to try to mitigate that.
Timothy Taylor: Yes Paul and I think about this really not been equipment and engineering particularly. It's really been on the construction side and productivity. So the labor input to get the work done has gone up as we have seen less skilled crafts. Each contractor has a different set of workforce. We have been, I think the contrast is that polyethylene use pretty much complete on time on budget as we talked about in the second quarter of next year. The cracker we struggled a bit more and really the challenge now that we risen to really as owners is to reorganize working with the contractor the work front for additional resources from the owners as well as CPChem on that to really improve that productivity and so we are starting to see better progress here as a result of that but that's really whats left is to finish the construction.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Thank you guys.
Operator: Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs is online with a question. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning guys. I wanted to get your perspective on the refine product macro as we are going into 2017 specifically any differentiation and thinking between gasoline and diesel and then also crude spreads as you see the market right now?
Timothy Taylor: Yes, Neil this is Tim. I think fundamentally we just look at the market and I have seen recently we have seen both crude product inventories in the US start to come down that's encouraging but it's got a long way to go. It would be our view. So we think that fundamentally it's kind of weaker outlook when you think about the products and the crude spread and the crack margins on the business. And Neil the comment I would make is, if you look at the forward curves, it's different than last year. You are seeing less carry and so I think that we readjusted going in the fourth quarter probably not as much in -- as it was last year to continue to produce a higher rates in the northern hemisphere as a seasonally weak time. So I think growing constructively continue to get those inventories down required both on the crude and product side to structurally change that and then I think seasonally you should expect that as the US demand really you look out this looks pretty good right now in terms of the carry still not a strong crack. Gasoline weaker than it has been and I think that reflects what we see as the seasonally normal driving season and the real outlet piece of it this is you get turn around right now. Those come out and then you got to turn to export markets to absorb the excess or there will be some talk of utilization decreased the balance of the markets. But that's really what's required as more balancing.
Neil Mehta: Three year marketing arm, are you able to see what gasoline demand trends are looking like in the U23S and any change in terms of the pace of demand, Greg?
Greg Garland: Yes. We look at our branded piece and we're still seeing at same side. We would say we're seeing that 2% to 3% year-on-year increase. So, and you look at the Kendall driven all the indicator some changes there but generally still a pretty good demand picture on the gasoline side. So, thats another piece that help balance that long run. As you got to continue to have good demand growth to balance that. Maybe as in a side, we're actually seeing similar patterns in Europe. They were German retail operations in or Central Europe operation. So, it does, it has been a response on the price side to demand really across the world.
Neil Mehta: And then my follow-up is on capital spending. You guys indicated in the release that you're going to target below $3 billion in 2017. Can you provide an early look at what you see is changing 2016 to 2017 from a capital spending perspective, recognizing that come December we're going to get even more clarity?
Greg Garland: Yes. So, I think we'll finish this year right around $3 billion in 2016. And we're going to be, we go to our board in December for approval of the capital budget. It's going to be somewhere between 25 and 29 at this point in time, Neil. We differed investment in for act 2 and so that's a piece of what we're seeing. And then we're just finishing up the big projects and so there's given the uncertainty in the markets and everything is going on, we're pivoting to a smaller projects. So, that's actually positive in my view because we need to make adjustments capital next year, we can. So, we're not, we dont have these long run committed projects we have to follow through and invest down. So, I think we feel good about the 2017 capital program. We got some good projects in there that we want to execute. And obviously, our full attention right now is on commissioning and starting up this LPG export facility. But you will have cargoes next month, actually.
Neil Mehta: Thanks guys.
Operator: Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil is online with a question. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Hi, folks, good morning. I believe this is the last call before year-end. So, I'm not sure if Clayton's on the line or not but I just like to thank him and wish him this time really well. Greg, my question to on Dapple, I see the commentary about potentially it's still expected first quarter start. Obviously looking at the new headlines that could prove ambitious. Could you have maybe just some commentary around that and assuming there is a differal, is it clear to think that there really the only impact is simply differing the EBITDA. I mean, obviously your cost would slow and no other impact on other operations?
Greg Garland: No. I think that's accurate. It may slip a little bit. I think we're still optimistic I would say. They will get this resolved. There is the work is continuing except for about, I dont know, a couple of miles actually. So, there is not that much left to be finished once we get the Eastmen to go underneath the Missouri River. So, I think that can be wrapped up in a relative short order. Obviously we need to go ahead to get started on that. And we just, we would expect that we'll get that.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Secondly, buybacks were still healthy but rolled over a bit quarter-to-quarter. And obviously we did have the drop in this quarter. So, I'm just curious for one, should we think about this new liquidity coming in to help kind of support buybacks going into next year. And do you have a net cash amount that you're expecting to receive, I think it was a 1.3 billion total drop?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that's buyback. We've always got it too, $1 billion to $2 billion I think. Certainly for this year we'll be towards a lower end of that range and we'll see what happens. But remember we get CapEx from 39 to three this year. We were kind of targeting a one and one five'ish, one sixes this year. And so, if we come in close to lower end of the range, well, we do share repurchases not as much but still a significant amount. But, I actually think that $1 billion to $2 billion is good guidance for 2017, is we look at our balances and what we think we are going to do.
Kevin Mitchell: Blake, this is Kevin. On the drop, so is a 1.3 billion drop, 200 million of that was take back units. So, no cash effect. The other 1.1 was funded with cash, so debt offering by PSXP, that's 10 years to pay for the bulk of the drop transaction.
Blake Fernandez: But Kevin, there is no tax leak to do anything. We need to be aware of there?
Kevin Mitchell: No.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Okay, thanks guys.
Kevin Mitchell: Okay.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank is online with a question. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe if I could, one question on the midstream. I mean, earlier this year you take down the midstream EBITDA guidance for 2018, 10% to 20% driven primarily by current market environment. Can you run through what were the biggest drivers of the reduction, what the assumed commodity environment was and on the flipside relative to that assumption, the potential for any of that to come back as oil price and other commodities potentially recover?
Timothy Taylor: Yes. Ryan, this is Tim Taylor. The primary driver on the, we should get 10% to 20% off than what we had thought originally in the 2018 run rate. Most of that was the commodity and the primary variance would be the orb on the LPG exports that we were expecting at the time when, back when crude was $2 to $100. And so, that's come off by truly narrow that are being. So, that's a piece of that. So, your view on energy going forward, it's really important when you think about what's the LPG price in the US and what's the alternative values around the world. So, I think that if you're viewing energy, it strengthens in that should widen those our job. But that's essentially the biggest driver and then that was where most of the commodity exposure came. PREP 2. And then the other part of the reduction is we did differ PREP 2, the content safe pipe from the Eagle Ford and those were essentially fee based earnings but that was not commodity exposed the bulk of that reduction related to that commodity.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe a follow-up on the last question on the drop, the recent drop with PSXP. How many was it was a very large drop and there was as you highlighted the track restructure from your point-of-view in terms of the cash proceeds. Any talks as you look forward in terms of just general commentary on ongoing health of the recovery of that market in terms of the ability of PSXP to funds foreseeable, the foreseeable future drop program?
Timothy Taylor: I think we demonstrated we can access the capital markets in 2016. Thats kind of the pace we need to be at to achieve the 1:1 level by 2018, at least run rate EBITDA by 2018. So, I think we're confident that we can execute the plan. The markets will be there for us and so just be on that. We like the profile we have with the master limited partnership. We like the backlog of projects that we're constructing. We like the existing EBITDA is still left that's droppable. So, I just, I look at all that and say 1:1 is really doable.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks.
Timothy Taylor: Yes.
Operator: Paul Cheng with Barclays is online with a question. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Tim. Several question. At the first, Tim. The European Asian refunding margin, we have seen some pretty strong count the season of uptick in margin over the last three months. Q is that what you guys see on the ground in your European operation. Is it demand driven or it is because of some supply outage or anything?
Timothy Taylor: Paul, as I alluded to earlier, we're seeing pretty good demand when we look at Europe. The demand growth there and the crude divs has certainly improved their competitive positions. So, when we look at for instance a Humber, we see, thats its much more competitive that it was say when a wide dis for in the US. So, I think it reflects opportunities to continue to export Europe, more competitive cost bases. And then we're seeing relatively good demand there. And in Asia we're seeing recent strengthening whether be in chemicals or even in the fuels business, so it feels like Asia seems to be on the upswing in the kinds of markets that on the transportation side for instance in consumer market, we're seeing that same kind of thing is helpful approve. And we had a fairly high turnaround season I think in China. And that's coming back. So, I think that that supply may impact that. But generally Asia feels better than it did probably, three four months ago.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Because if you light that Mark can maybe underestimating the demand on the global basis. Secondly, that on just curious, with the IMO 2020 bunker fuel switch, is there any in similar form that we changed the way how you run your refinery in Europe, Bayway and the Gulf Coast system?
Timothy Taylor: No. I -- we've looked. It really doesn't feel like that. I mean, I think you always going to think about the incremental values. But really as a system and the way we look to competitiveness, we still see that European North, and Eastern US is one of the most challenge market areas. But I think it fundamentally has not changed the way that we look at the business on that.
Paul Cheng: So, you will not need to say just because the high sulphur we see the demand will be dramatically lower and you're going to pick up the lower sulphide gas oil demand. So, you dont believe that that will lead you to may have to adjust the way how you run it?
Timothy Taylor: Well, I think sulphur continues to tighten overtime. We're seeing sufficient markets that take some of the higher sulphur products but that's diminished and people continue to invest that Paul. But I think that's more gradual conversion. There still seems to be a plenty large enough market sync out there to absorb that. Even as I made the adjustments in the marine part of the business etcetera to manage that through blending or through other markets that can absorb that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And based on youre the curve in fourth quarter estimate on the turn the rung. So, your full turn the rung expense will be probably as mainly be low four -- 500. A bit lower than at the beginning of the year when you initially forecast. Is that driven by delay or from activity postpone or activity or just the work has been done more effectively. In other words, I just trying to understand whether that's buyer activity that we should expect from you guys in the 2017?
Greg Garland: So, it's mostly push of expenditure into future periods both on turnaround, catalyst change expense, Paul. I will give an update on where we expect 2017 to becoming in the next call.
Paul Cheng: So, some of them done, we should expect is going to show up in 2017, Kevin?
Kevin Mitchell: That's right, yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And then a final one, Kevin, since I got you here. As a company, what is your overall strategy that over the next several years as you continue to top-down and the organic investment in the LP level? So, LP that is going up? So, we assume as the LP that going up, your which one to accommodate by lower your seek up that so that your over or consolidate that will be more and that's fret or even going down. Or that you're saying that okay, I mean see [COP is see] COP, LP is LP, so you dont get them together.
Kevin Mitchell: No. We do look at them together, Paul. And I think you're right on there in terms of your initial leading comment that overtime certainly the LP that is going to increase, and of course we just done the 1.1 billion,. And while it won't have an immediately, immediate offset at the see COP. Over time, you can expect that the see COP should start to de-lever if you look at the see COP on a standalone basis.
Paul Cheng: And on that basis, that I mean given Greg, earlier, talking about volatility in the mark and certainties. Should the company or the industry actuate even take a more conservative approve and started into [indiscernible]?
Greg Garland: Well, this we've always guided that we're going to stay between 20% and 30% at the cap. And so, we may drift over that just a little bit at one point in time. We're going to try to stay very disciplined within that van, Paul. And it's probably not a bad time to build some cash too as you think about that going forward.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Very good, thank you.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo is online with a question. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you, good morning.
Greg Garland: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: Hey. I guess two things here. One is a follow-up on Blake's question about Dapple. Are there any seasonal concerns if we dont get started sooner rather than later that you can't do the construction work up there?
Greg Garland: No. I think they will be able to do the drill and do what we need to do. Yes, essentially you're preparing, you doing a ditch work now and the weather I fine. So, either drills is not really that impacted from a weather standpoint.
Roger Read: Okay. Perfect, thanks. And then a little more on this sort of the midstream with the changing in the overall CapEx structure and total plans and which is say some change in the ownership structure one of your JV partners. How do you think about M&A in the midstream sector I mean generally speaking when things start to tighten up and slowdown cash gets a little harder to get than M&A should pick up and I guess we have seen that somewhat in the MLP sector that controls most of those assets. How do you look at M&A opportunities and what is your appetite for that sort of thing right now?
Timothy Taylor: I think, we kind of look like everyone. We look at everything that's out there. I think our assessment is, the values are still relatively high aspiration levels are high. We did three smaller transactions at PSXP level in the quarter or I guess one will close in this quarter but so I think that we will look at everything that's out there. There is nothing big that I see at this point on the horizon for us. We still have a great organic portfolio of opportunities to invest in and this still makes sense for us to invest at 6 or 7 build multiple and trade that up versus paying 15 or 20 times or something out there.
Roger Read: Yes. I guess my question that was along the lines, if you are personally a little less interested in scaling into larger projects are you seeing any change in the value of those larger projects that are already in existence or they just remain at the very high multiples?
Timothy Taylor: No. I don't think our view is, we haven't seen the valuation come down and I think, I am kind of the view right now is that I think Permian is going to be more challenging in the future than it has been in the past and that existing assets strictly poised is probably going to be more valuable in the future than it is today.
Roger Read: So wouldn't that argue to make a acquisition today?
Timothy Taylor: Yes probably so, you could try the right acquisition but same thing I think we still have the ability to grow our portfolio, to hit our targets that we have laid out there for folks and feel comfortable we have got that opportunity portfolio in front of us well on hand.
Roger Read: Okay. I appreciate it Tom, thank you.
Operator: [Indiscernible] from UBS Securities is online with a question. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just one follow-up on previous comment, I think you mentioned potentially utilization rates coming down or what sounds like maybe run cuts might be necessary and I think [Bolero] mentioned them earlier in the week that you could see some run cuts down the mid time just from the seasonal basis that might actually need to happen. I am curious if you sort of view the same way and maybe see other regions that maybe more risk or run cuts than others running into the end of the year?
Greg Garland: I will take this up and Taylor can correct me maybe, but as I think about it inventories are through the chain and certainly they are coming down in the US which is constructive, but I would say that in turnarounds we cannot turn statistically we tend to run better and so you have got that as an option. But I do think industry is looking at some run cuts in the fourth quarter and given the carry that's out there we are not going to be incented to run like we did in the fourth quarter of last year. So I don't think we are going to repeat that problem again. So I think you will see. I think like crude refineries are going to be challenge I think mid comps is going to be challenge. The crack stand that  they are not that great. So I think bulk of it to look at that.
Timothy Taylor: Yes. I think it is the real push, the heavy shower, medium shower that's really if you have got that capacity that's the most competitive and then the mid comp it's very seasonal in the summer goes short, winter goes long. So I think that's a place we see a light suite and that the balance comes into play there and you are seeing the market kind of respond to data. It's a well supplied market so I think it's the usual things around the Atlantic basement and just that light suite complex that's out there with the crude side with narrow differentials.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Appreciate that. Second question is modeling bit of two parts here. So when I think of the month down time at CPChem and third quarter just wondering if that lead into fourth quarter or was it ring fence and then just along the modeling line of thing as far as EBITDA contribution from the LPG terminal it sounds like maybe it will hit the fourth quarter a bit, how should we expect the ramp up to get to that full run rate. Should we  is that all going to be in one queue or will it be maybe throughout the first half of 2017?
Greg Garland: So on chemicals in terms of utilization, we have two major crackers in turnaround right now. One in Saudi Arabia, the [indiscernible] company and the second is the seizure cracker and so those continue through roughly half the quarter. So that's the guidance down as primarily the plan turnaround there. And so that was the  that's big change to the guidance in the mid 90s or mid 80s. On the LPG we will be getting loading you got to get through the qualification, the clean out, the start-up and so I think our view is it ramps through the first couple of quarters through next year but hopefully can accelerate that but I think the volume piece of that comes depends on how quickly the operation stabilize and we can get that on and running.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. I appreciate the color. Have a nice weekend everyone.
Greg Garland: You too, thank you.
Operator: Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets is online with a question. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Hi everyone. Greg, I was wondering if we can go back to a comment that you made earlier in the call which is I think you said you would expect the businesses to generate $5 billion in cash flows sort of on a cycle average basis. I also noted that the commentary around the current refining market hasn't seen particularly bullish to me. So I am wondering how you reconcile this two things and what makes you think that the cash flow picture next year is going to look significant better than this year, if that is what do you think?
Greg Garland: I think it will be better next year. I am not sure we are going to get all way back to mid cycle I think it's going to be into the second half of 2017 before you see the kind of inventory corrected even though it's going the right direction today I think it's going to take a while to work through that. And so I think it will be the back half of the year before we see margin improvement in the refining business.
Timothy Taylor: And there is always a seasonal impact. The fourth and the first quarter typically weaker with the stronger driving season. So if the inventories stay in balance it kind of sets up for that that. So there is the inherent seasonality cycle that comes on the rebounding side but I think generally our view would be that probably a bit low mid cycle but hopefully better with the stronger summer season as next year.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Sure. And I guess maybe ask this slightly different way, have your thoughts on one mid cycle has changed at all given what we have seen in 2016?
Greg Garland: No. Yes and no. I think two years ago we would have told you we thought that mid cycle was probably a $1 barrel better because of the crude dips. I think that's probably gone away. And so I am kind of back to more of normal mid cycle and my own thinking in terms of that. It's just kind of rule of thumb I kind of use between $2 and $2.5 of barrel net income is a good mid cycle number for us.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks for that and then question on DCP. Obviously you are having a partner change there and so I was curious if you see that changing the way partnership runs in any significant way. And also if you like that as being 50:50 JV or somehow the other half of the partnership sell out as part of that process of you be interested in owning all of it?
Greg Garland: This is third or the fourth partner change. I keep lose track of change so many times in 16 years. But look I think in this great company we know them. They are going to be a terrific partner. I think we are happy with the model as it is. This is a longstanding partnership. It's horizon lot of different name changes. We like the assets. We like the footprint that DCP has and the areas that they are offering in and they have had a great year just in terms of getting their order in terms of reducing their cost structure, pulling in the capital expenses and running much better. And they are actually running well this year from the reliability standpoint. They had just done all the right things, so it's a great assets. So we would be very happy to stay in a 50:50 JV.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Faisel Khan from Citigroup Global Markets is online with a question. Your line is open.
Faisel Khan: Thanks. Good afternoon. On the Cedar Bayou project Tim I only see the start-up sort of second half of the next year, but are there certain parts of the plant that are going to start up before the main cracker comes online or how is the start-up going to be sort of sequenced?
Timothy Taylor: Yes. So just to be clear the crackers at Cedar Bayou the derivative polyethylene units are down at Sweeny and so two existing operation. So the polyethylene plants will be starting up in advance several months in front of the cracker. Now if it gets to the cracker you will be starting up utility systems steam those kind of things energizing but you really need the furnaces and the whole cracker in operation before you get production. So it's really the issue derivatives first then the cracker, but within the cracker there are number of systems that start to come up in advance of the hydro carbon into for the feed system.
Faisel Khan: Okay got it. The derivatives plant at Sweeny, you said several months ahead if you put that sometime in the first or second I guess second quarter?
Timothy Taylor: Second quarter is what we looking at schedule and everything we are seeing. So that's still the good time for mechanical completion.
Faisel Khan: Okay, makes sense. And on the partnership is the preference to still billed and then drop I know you have got some organic with projects taking place at the partnership but I am just trying to figure out how you are balancing sort of the bill that the parent an then drop at the partnership versus the organic growth of the partnership is there enough sort of internal cash flow generation at the partnership to fund all the growth?
Timothy Taylor: Faisel, when you think about the size of MLP to-date and it would be  it's hard to carry a multi-year, multi-billion dollar project there even though it makes sense. So I think as the partnership get bigger we are going to shift more and more of the CapEx to the partnership and you have seen that this year with additional acquisitions, organic builds on the Bayou bridge pipe etcetera. So I think that's the progression overtime. But we can look at it as total midstream business and whats the right way to drive the project that creates value for the company and then you can decide if you will the financing between the two. But I think longer term we would like to see the partnership doing more and more there.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And as you think about the partnership in the long run what percentage of the revenues do you think will come from third parties sort of on that $2.3 billion number that you have out there. I think in the past you talked about sort of number close to 50% or maybe less than that but I am just trying to understand if that number has changed at all?
Timothy Taylor: No, it's still in that range. I mean a lot of what we have done to-date in the partnership has been existing systems that are really related to our infrastructure and our refining and the existing midstream business. And as you go forward with as Phillips 66 built additional projects, some of the new things like the Bayou bridge pipe, if we already end up there fractionation is through third party. So that's where that shift begins to get where you start to drive it up, where you have a more balanced portfolio between internal PSX and third party income that's in the midstream and the MLP space.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got you. On the refining side the - have you gotten any more traction on the rail facility at Santa Maria associated with the pipeline still down. Have you been able to sort of solve the feedstock issue there to sort of get your capture rate so your realization is back to where they should be?
Timothy Taylor: We are still impacted on the west coast with the pipeline outage. It's not  we have made progress through getting more crude incrementally in the Santa Maria via truck but not via rail. That's been a very difficult permitting process, so we continue to work that but it's all over the west coast any type of rail facility has really struggled from that permitting process. So ruling the pipe back in operation and we will continue to work that incrementally but its still an impact in terms of our west coast operations that reduction that we are seeing say roughly 10,000-15,000 barrels a day of incremental capacity that's still a burden so to speak because we can't fully utilize our Bayou Santa Maria system.
Faisel Khan: Is there a situation where you have to shut down one of the plants or you are still comfortable running the whole system the way it is?
Timothy Taylor: Well, I think longer term we always have to look at that but right now we still think it will eventually get that supply back. It's just the question of when. So we want to run that as a system when we do that.
Faisel Khan: Got you. Last question from me on M&A related to refineries. Is there ever a situation where you would consider buying a refinery in the lower 48, I just want to ask the question I know historically it's been no, but say there are few assets for sale I just want to ask the question here?
Greg Garland: So I think historical answer is still a good answer for us. So we are not in a hunt for anyone that are for sale today. Yes having said that if we could find the right assets for the right value certainly we would look at it, but none of the ones that are on the market today we are not in a hunt for those.
Faisel Khan: Got it. Thanks for the time guys.
Greg Garland: You bet. Take care.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Rosy Zuklic.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you Julie and thank you all for your interest in Phillips 66, if anyone has any additional questions please give C.W. or I a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica and I will be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Rosy Zuklic, General Manager, Investor Relations. Rosy, you may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material, we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ from today's comments. And factors that could cause those differences are listed here as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I'll turn the call to Greg Garland for opening remarks. Greg?
Greg Garland: Thanks, Rosy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're committed to our strategy growing our high-value businesses and our focus on performing well. Operating excellence remains a top priority, operating safely, running our assets well and managing costs. During the quarter, we delivered solid operational excellence performance. Refining performed at record rates, achieving 100% utilization. For the first half of the year, our personal safety metric, which we believe was already among the best in our industry, improved 16%; and our process safety metric improved 75% compared to the prior year. In Chemicals, CPChem completed three major turnaround this quarter. The global olefins and polyolefins businesses operated 91% of capacity. PCP NGL volumes were up and reliability of operations improved. Total adjusted earnings for the second quarter were $499 million. The market environment remained challenging as low margins continue to impact our DCP Midstream, NGL trading and refining businesses. Our fee-based midstream business performed well and we continue to see good demand in Chemicals. Although demand for refined products is up relative to last year, the weighted average market crack was more than $5 per barrel below where it was a year-ago and crude differentials remained tight. We remain focused on executing our strategy in those areas under our control. Our growth projects are all progressing well and we continue to see great value and opportunity long-term. During the second quarter, the Dakota Access Pipeline project began laying pipe and expected to be completed by the end of the year. Once in service, the DAPL/ETCOP pipeline is expected to provide the most economic option for moving Bakken crude to the Gulf Coast. In the Gulf Coast, the Beaumont Terminal expansion is ongoing. We have 3.2 million barrels of new storage capacity under construction, two million of which should be in service by year-end. We have plans to ultimately expand this facility to 16 million barrels. Also in the Gulf, development of the first phase of the Sweeny hub is nearing completion. Sweeny Fractionator One is operating well, however, volume mix across all of our fractionators remains impacted by heavier NGL feedstock as a result of continued ethane rejection. We expect construction of the 150,000 barrel per day Freeport LPG Export Terminal to be completed later this year. Our master limited partnership, Phillips 66 Partners, remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy and a significant source of attractive funding. In May, we completed $775 million drop-down and PSXP successfully issued over $650 million of public equity. PSXP increased its limited partner distributions by 5% in the second quarter and remains on track to achieve its growth objective of a five-year, 30% distribution compound annual growth rate through 2018. DCP Midstream is making progress on its strategic initiatives. DCP expects to achieve cash breakeven at NGL prices below $0.35 per gallon this year. DCP is working on its cost structure, reducing capital and converting commodity-exposed contracts to fee-base, to improve financial strength. We expect DCP to be self-funded going forward. CPChem continues to advance a U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. It is now 80% complete with expected startup in the second half of 2017. Once running, CPChem's global ethylene and polyethylene capacity will increase by approximately one third. As capital spending is reduced, we should see increased distributions from CPChem starting next year. During the quarter, we advanced several Refining projects. At the Wood River Refinery, we're undergoing debottlenecking and are on schedule for completion in the third quarter. At the Billings Refinery, efforts are underway to increase the amount of heavy Canadian crude we can run to 100%. At Bayway, work on the FCC modernization is progressing. These are all high return, quick payout projects. Our Marketing and Specialties segment is the highest returning in our portfolio. In the U.S., we are increasing branded and unbranded volumes and we're selectively pursuing incremental growth opportunities in Europe. We're mindful of the current market environment and we've maintained our capital disciplined approach in terms of how we allocate capital. We continue to target a long-term 60/40 split between reinvestment in our business and distributions back to the shareholders. During the quarter, we generated over $1.8 billion in cash from operations in a PSXP equity offering. We returned over $570 million of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the second quarter and increased our quarterly dividend by 12.5%. This represents our sixth dividend increase since the formation of our company with a 33% compound annual growth rate. We've returned $12.3 billion to shareholders over this four-year period through dividends and repurchase or exchange of 118 million shares. We reinvested $620 million into our businesses during the quarter. We're looking at all of our projects in our portfolio to ensure that we only advance projects that meet our return expectations. We've made a decision to defer FID on frac two. We're also working with our partners to project finance DAPL/ETCOP. We're going to give you some more detail around our 2016 capital expenditures later this summer; but at this point, we expect our capital expenditures for the year to come in below $3.3 billion, well below our $3.9 billion capital budget. So, now, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell to review the quarter results. Kevin?
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. Starting on slide four; second quarter net income was $496 million, we had two special items that netted to a loss of $3 million. After removing these items, adjusted earnings were $499 million or $0.94 per share. Cash from operations for the quarter was $1.2 billion, excluding almost $600 million of working capital benefit. Operating cash flow was $560 million. Undistributed equity earnings totaled almost $350 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $620 million with approximately $340 million spent on growth, mostly in Midstream. Distributions to shareholders in the second quarter totaled $571 million, including $329 million in dividends and $242 million in share repurchases. At the end of the second quarter, our debt to capital ratio was 27%; after taking into account our ending cash balance, our net debt to capital ratio was 22%. Annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 6% for the first half of 2016. Our adjusted effective income tax rate for the second quarter was 31%. Slide five compares second quarter and first quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were up $139 million, driven mainly by improvements in Chemicals, Refining and Marketing and Specialties. Next, we will cover each of the segments individually. I'll start with Midstream on slide six. After removing the non-controlling interest of $22 million, Midstream's second quarter adjusted earnings were $39 million, in line with the first quarter. Our transportation business is composed primarily of fee-based assets. Transportation adjusted earnings for the quarter were $65 million, down $7 million from the prior quarter, driven by higher operating costs including seasonal maintenance. Equity earnings from Rockies Express Pipeline were lower due in part to contract restructuring to lengthen the term of a commitment. These items were partially offset by improved volumes. In NGL, adjusted losses were $17 million for the quarter. The $6 million decrease from the prior quarter was largely driven by project expenses related to the Freeport LPG Export Terminal and lower earnings due to timing effects of seasonal storage. These decreases were partially offset by the benefit of higher fractionation volumes compared to the first quarter. Adjusted losses for DCP Midstream were $9 million in the second quarter, a $12 million improvement compared to the previous quarter. This was primarily due to improved operational efficiencies, higher recoveries, continued cost savings, and increased commodity prices. Turning to slide seven. In Chemicals, industry chain margins increased during the quarter as demand for polyethylene remained strong. Second quarter adjusted earnings for the segment were $190 million, up $156 million (sic) from the first quarter. In olefins and polyolefins, adjusted earnings increased $25 million, largely due to higher margins driven by increased polyethylene sales prices. In addition, equity earnings also improved due to stronger margins. This was partially offset by higher operating costs from planned turnaround activity. Global O&P utilization was 91%. Adjusted earnings for SA&S rose by $9 million on higher equity earnings from increased sales prices. In Refining, we ran well with 100% crude utilization for the quarter. In addition, clean product yield increased from 82% to 84% with gasoline yield at 45% for the quarter. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $69 million, $31 million lower than guidance due in part to the deferral of certain maintenance activities. Despite higher market cracks in all regions, realized margins were $7.13 per barrel, roughly the same as in the first quarter. This was primarily due to higher losses on secondary products and lower clean product differentials. The chart on slide eight provides a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings compared to the previous quarter. In total, the Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $152 million, up $66 million from last quarter. Regionally, earnings were higher in the Atlantic Basin, Central Corridor and West Coast, reflecting the benefit of higher margins and volumes. Earnings were lower in the Gulf Coast, as the benefit of higher volumes was more than offset by lower margins caused by lower product differentials and higher secondary product losses. Next, we'll cover market capture on slide nine. Our worldwide realized margin was $7.13 per barrel versus the 3:2:1 market crack of $13.84 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 52% compared to 67% in the first quarter. Market capture is impacted in part by the configuration of our refineries and our production relative to the market crack calculation. With 84% clean product yield for the quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses from secondary products of $3.41 per barrel were $1.51 per barrel higher this quarter as the price differential between crude oil and lower valued products such as coke and NGLs increased. Feedstock advantage was slightly higher than the first quarter, but crude differentials generally remained tight. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. These costs were higher than the first quarter, primarily due to lower clean product differentials and higher RINs prices. Let's move to Marketing and Specialties, where we posted a strong second quarter, despite the rising commodity price environment. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the second quarter were $229 million, up $24 million from the first quarter. In Marketing and Other, the $37 million increase was largely due to higher margins in international marketing and higher domestic gasoline volumes. Specialties' adjusted earnings decreased by $13 million, primarily as a result of lower base oil margins, partially offset by higher lubricants volumes. On slide 11, the Corporate and Other segment had after-tax net costs of $111 million this quarter, an improvement of $16 million from the first quarter. Net interest expense decreased by $2 million, while corporate overhead and other expenses decreased by $14 million, primarily due to lower legal and remediation accruals and lower taxes. Slide 12 shows cash flow for the year to-date. We began the year with a cash balance of $3.1 billion. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations in the first half was $1.3 billion. Working capital changes increased cash flow by $100 million. In May, Phillips 66 Partners raised $656 million in a public equity offering. We funded $1.4 billion of capital expenditures and investments and we distributed nearly $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 523 million shares outstanding. At the end of June, our cash balance stood at $2.2 billion, up from $1.7 billion at the end of the first quarter. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next, I'll cover a few outlook items. In the third quarter, in Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be the mid-90%s. In Refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90%s. And before tax turnaround expenses to be between $100 million and $120 million. We expect Corporate and Other costs to come in between $115 million and $125 million after-tax. And company-wide, we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30%s. With that, we'll now open the line for questions.
Rosy Zuklic: Hello, Erica, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Folks, good morning. I had two questions for you. One, I wanted to clarify the CapEx comment. I just wanted to make sure that below $3.3 billion was indeed for 2016. And assuming that is the case, with these project deferrals that you've mentioned, I'm assuming that alleviates some of the pressure on 2017 spending, so any kind of thoughts or outlook on 2017 will be helpful.
Greg Garland: So, you're correct. The guidance of below $3.3 billion was for 2016. We're still working 2017, Blake, but we've been saying for most of this year that we are on a glide slope to $3 billion maybe slightly under. So, we'll give you some updates in the fall, of where we're going to be in 2017; but I think around $3 billion, pretty good number for 2017.
Blake Fernandez: Great. Thanks, Greg. The second question is on the economic run cuts. Obviously, we have your guidance here in the mid-90%s, which is below 2Q, but still pretty healthy. Some of your smaller peers are already talking about run cuts in 3Q. I'm just curious, does your guidance contemplate any run cuts or do you envision that happening?
Greg Garland: Well, I think, I'll let Tim jump in on his view in the industry. I think, most of ours is reflective of turnarounds at this point in time. We run our LPs pretty frequently and we'll make those decisions as we get into the third quarter; but I think my personal view is, we've got a lot of inventory stacked up. I think industry is going to be facing run cuts in the second half of the year.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, Blake, I guess we look at it and we think about the inventories heading in. And it's a global issue as we think about where the supplies come on this year, and ultimately, the way to rebalance the product side of the market is that run cuts will come, so I think everyone's kind of looking at their own kit, configuration will make those calls, but I think that that is something that will happen to rebalance the whole supply-side. That said, the demand side's been good. So, that's been the strength of it. We've definitely responded as a global industry with a lot more supply.
Blake Fernandez: Appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all.
Greg Garland: Hi, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Afternoon all. Afternoon and morning. The project on the Gulf Coast, the cracker, is that ahead of schedule or are we still looking at a sort of mid-2017 type start in?
Greg Garland: Yeah, Paul, there's two pieces of the cracker project. One is the derivatives project, the polyethylene plants at Sweeny and the second is the cracker at Baytown, which is just east of Houston. So, the derivatives plant, those projects are still online, they come online actually before the second half of 2017 to be complete, the cracker is now looking like it's going to complete in the second half of 2017. And that's really the change that we're seeing, primarily related to productivity and the complexity of that project we're seeing several month's delay. So, continue to progress on both of those very well, but the cracker is behind where we're seeing the derivatives project at this point.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Forgive me. I've somewhat lost track. But, I think originally, it was an end of 2017 start-up overall, wasn't it, or...
Greg Garland: We were thinking, probably start-up we were saying mid-2017...
Paul Sankey: You were...
Greg Garland: Yeah. We were, and so I think this from an ethylene standpoint, pushes it out in the second half of the year with the derivatives piece will be up earlier.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Are you implying the costs are higher than you had anticipated?
Greg Garland: I think, they're generally in line, but with the delay we'd expect maybe some increase in cost, but I think certainly well within the scope of what we're thinking, but I would anticipate that it's higher than what we had thought when we hit that mid-2016 or 2017.
Paul Sankey: And somewhat related, just a metric question that's also related to another business division, but what's your view of the NGL market here and the availability for those projects of cheap feed stocks and the general  and if you could just update us on your general view of what you're seeing in NGLs, that would be great. Thank you.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Okay. So, on the NGL side, we had pretty strong response in the second quarter. Ethane started coming out of rejection, but we've actually seen NGL prices begin to fall. And I think that the real key on this is, A, export demand and the pet-chem demand in the industry. So, we're still seeing supply and we're still seeing ethane and rejection that's there to feed the new cracker start-up, so until there's cracker start-up on the ethane side, we think that will be the main driver. We're starting to pull more ethane out of the gas stream, which should strengthen the ethane price. On the propane side, we had strong exports and that's kept the propane market really connected to the international pricing in the international markets. We saw some short-term cancellations I think this summer as really the differentials between the U.S. and some other markets start to close. We're starting to see corrections. And our view is that long-term, you still have excess length in both ethane and propane and propane has to lead the market to rebalance and clear. And so, I think that what you see is, you just see the market start to readjust, and we're starting to see some of that now in the pricing this month in July. So, I think we're still, overall, still see a lot of value in that LPG value chain and the growing production as soon as crude oil production, gas production resumes out in the future.
Paul Sankey: Thank you.
Greg Garland: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Paul, just short-term, we think it's going to be pressured here in the back half of the year both crude and NGLs.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I know what you're saying. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Okay. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeffery Dietert: Good morning or good afternoon, I guess.
Greg Garland: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffery Dietert: Depends on where you are. On the Refining side, you've got a diverse portfolio across multiple regions and different types of refineries. Could you talk about which regions, which types of refineries might be most impacted as far as refinery runs in the type of market environment that we're in now?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, Jeff, this is Tim. I think, fundamentally, simpler refineries that run on light sweet crudes are going to be the most impacted. Clearly, there's been a sustained differential on the heavy light side, the bias toward the heavy, medium crudes are pretty available. So, I think that as you think about the system, we would expect the heavier oriented refineries to be very competitive and the pinch point comes on the lighter refineries around the globe and then that depends a lot on their configuration as well. And clearly, as usual, if you think around the world the Atlantic Basin is going to be a pitch point and possibly some of the operations in Asia, as we think about that.
Jeffery Dietert: Secondly, Marketing and Specialty performance was stronger than we had anticipated. Could you talk a little bit about the strength in that segment, maybe categorize some of the seasonal strength, some of the RINs influence, and maybe just comment on what some of the stronger aspects were in that segment?
Timothy Taylor: Well, it begins basically with good demand, right? You've got good pull-through in terms of demand, the response that we've seen globally by the consumer certainly in the U.S. Our volumes were up across some of the same store sides roughly 2.5%, so we produce more, we actually move into the market. So, I think it reflects the strength on demand side and so we were able to capture a little better margin in terms of the value, if you will, of our distribution wholesale market. So, I think it speaks to strength there. The RINs are always interesting in terms of what's the impact in terms of the cost and the capture as it moves with the price, but I think that could bias into the price of the product as well. And I think we're able to capture some of that is certainly shows up as a cost in Refining, but it's a tailwind as well. You generate the RIN in marketing. But, fundamentally, the spread, the wholesale margin was improved and I think that really reflects in our mind, the strength of the consumer gasoline market. Distillate remains rather flattish from our perspective.
Jeffery Dietert: You mentioned product exports, 174,000 barrels a day in a quarter, which was a strong quarter for exports. Maybe a quick comment on that and I'll let you go.
Timothy Taylor: Well, we were able to bring up exports about 50,000 barrels a day, good opportunity. And so, I think, we just look at the decision as a better inland placement or an export sale. Clearly, the Gulf Coast for us is a big piece of that. And we're very well positioned to supply the demand in Latin America as we've seen some reduction in the run rates down there, so it was a good market and then you had the RIN value on top of that, it provides some incentive as well. So, I think the export markets will likely stay strong for U.S. refiners on the Gulf Coast.
Jeffery Dietert: Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. I think this morning it's amazing how much controversy thus is causing this quarter. Good morning, guys.
Greg Garland: Hey, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I wonder if I could ask first of all about a decision to defer the second cracker. Can you explain for us a little bit, has that been driven by yourselves, your partners? What was the basis of the decision there? And maybe now that you don't have the associated capital, when you expect a free cash flow swing to be on CPChem next year?
Greg Garland: So, let me just clarify a point. It was the frac two we've deferred, not the second cracker, although we can certainly talk about the second cracker and the timing on the second cracker today too.
Doug Leggate: I see. Sorry.
Greg Garland: And if, Tim, you want to talk about the cracker, go ahead.
Doug Leggate: I apologize. That's what I was referring to, yes.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. We actually continue to do engineering work, do site studies. Still like North America and we think about the long-term supply, we look around the world for that, but I don't see FID on that cracker until sometime 2018, 2019, just as we do development work and look at things. So to the second part of your question, so next year capital spending at CPChem will decline with the completion of the first cracker, so that may be in the order of $1 billion a year on that. And then in 2018, as you ramp up the production on the new cracker, you're likely to see at the CPChem level, this is both of those numbers, another $800 million to $1 billion with some upside depending on how the market is. So substantial cash flow swing at CPChem if you think about free cash flow. And so we're anticipating that we'll get strong distributions back from CPChem here beginning particularly in 2018.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the clarity. Apologies for my confusion. I guess what I was thinking was that when you talk about the swing to a positive dividend, I'd always assumed that the capital for the second project would start in 2017. I didn't realize the timing had been pushed. So, that in dollars that you're talking about, is that a gross number at the CPChem level?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, that's a change roughly just from the cracker impacts.
Doug Leggate: Got it. Thank you. My follow-up, if I may is really going back to the capital question broadly. It seems you're maintaining the return of capital to shareholders whereas the capital seems to be taking the flex on the environment. I'm just wondering, is that the right interpretation going forward? In other words, how do you see your buyback strategy as it relates to use of proceeds from future PSXP equity sales and dropdowns and so on? Is that something we should expect to be ratable?
Greg Garland: So, let me kind of bisect that and talk about them both. I think that we've said, in terms of the capital spend at PSX, we've always been on a glide slope towards $3 billion. There's no question our capital the last two years has been very high as we've tried to advance the Midstream business and get PSXP to scale quickly. So, that was the decision we took really kind of end of 2012, coming into 2013. When we think about share repurchase, we think about intrinsic value, and as long as the shares are trading below intrinsic value, we're going to be in the market buying. So we're in the market every day buying. Some days we buy more than others, that's true. And I'd say, consistent with our guidance that we've been giving in 2016, we're going to be between $1 billion and $2 billion of share repurchases this year.
Doug Leggate: Is there an outlook you can give for 2017, Greg?
Greg Garland: We haven't given our outlook on that, but I would say we'll probably be within that same range in terms of share repurchase for 2017.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Yeah. First a small one. Just in the quarter  good morning, everyone  the cash flow ex-working capital obviously was weak. What would be the three things, aside from, I guess, refining margins that you'd point to?
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah, Ed, this is Kevin. So bear in mind that the almost $350 million of undistributed equity earnings, so that's reflected in the earnings number, but the distributions aren't coming back. The bulk of that is in CPChem, but you also see it at WRB JV, XL power lubes and then there's several other smaller JVs. Some of those, it's reflective of the investment that's taking place inside of those JVs, that's consuming that cash. Some of it, a portion is just a timing effect that distributions aren't necessarily ratable. So when you think about the $560 million of cash flow, excluding working capital, if you were to add back the undistributed equity earnings, to put it on a consistent basis, that's just over $900 million of operating cash flow, which then lines up with what you'd expect from the earnings generated given the environment.
Edward Westlake: All right. Okay. And then I do want to touch on NGL frac two. So, is that just a function of matching upstream customer plans? Is it because cash flow in the short-term is a little bit weaker because of Refining or is it because there's maybe better things to do out in the broader MLP space given you've got PSXP and obviously your own balance sheet that you could use?
Greg Garland: Well, I think, I mean, we've always consistently said we'd never build a speculative frac. And I think our view is that NGLs will continue to grow, but they're going to grow slower than what we thought two years ago. And so, I think that decision to push the FID on frac two simply reflects that, Ed.
Edward Westlake: Right. Okay. And then a broader comment then on the second part of that around the opportunity set to look at inorganic growth across the portfolio in the MLP land.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think, I mean, that's always something we look at every day in terms of inorganic growth. The other thing I would say is, we think we still have a pretty good backlog of organic projects that we can invest in around our own infrastructure, whether it's more terminals, butane blending, ethanol blending, more pipes. So, I think that just around the portfolio we still have a really good backlog of investable opportunities for the MLP. There's no question, when you think about the long-haul third-party, whether they're crude pipes or NGL pipes or fracs, I think those opportunities are probably diminished versus what we thought two years ago.
Edward Westlake: Thank you.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, and Ed, just to comment, we purchased additional small interest in Explorer pipeline as one of the opportunities we look at is inorganic, but that's a pipeline we've been  it's in PSXP today, but predecessor to PSXP, Phillips, we've been investors in that pipe for a long time. So, it fits strategically. But I think those are kinds of inorganic bolt-ons that we look at that say they can add value and they fit strategically with our overall footprint at PSX and PSXP.
Edward Westlake: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Hey, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess coming back to some of the cash flow questions, obviously PSXP is a significant contributor year-to-date and would expect so going forward. Any way to think about what the contributions from that to the overall PSX cash flow statement should be as we look out through 2017?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Roger, it's Tim. So, if you look back in history and you think about our spend, we anticipate about $2 billion a year of funding or purchases, if you will, at PSXP. To the extent that those are PSX, it's a project, just what we do. But I think, that's kind of  to meet our target on distribution growth and our plan to hit the $1.1 billion of PSXP, you're kind of roughly in that $2 billion a year range of purchases. So, that will be a source that equity and debt financing that will finance that.
Roger Read: Okay. And so, I'm just trying to think from a modeling standpoint, we could essentially assume a majority of that being available to PSX, but probably not wise to consider 100% of it?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. I mean, the majority of  we have a large backlog organic that we're developing that would fit logically in the MLP, so that's been the strong connection so far with smaller bolt-on outside inorganic; but, yeah, so the majority of that I think you can think about as PSX and  but we're always looking at opportunities to add to the value through outside opportunities as well.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. And then what...
Greg Garland: Roger, we're at a run rate EBITDA of about what $400 million at PSXP today, we feel really good by the end of 2018 being a run rate EBITDA of $1.1 billion. We see a clear path to get there and don't see an issue at all in getting there.
Roger Read: Perfect. And then my other question, and this kind of ties back into the run-cut question and the guidance of the mid-90%s and then in just the second quarter kind of undershooting on the expected  I guess, it's called maintenance expense or the turnaround expense. What specifically on the maintenance side was deferred? And since the guidance makes it sound like it's a pretty modest amount of spending in Q3, I'm assuming deferred out of Q3. I was under the impression a lot of this is not something you can defer. So, I'm just sort of curious what changed in the operations on the Refining side and maybe do we have to think about 2017 as a higher turnaround year?
Timothy Taylor: So, basically our major maintenance turnaround is still on schedule, we planned. These are relatively small unit turnarounds that just were able to defer. So, they just move around sometimes on a planning basis; but the fundamentals, the way that we go about the major turnaround planning is unchanged, so I think our guidance where we typically get to on turnaround expense is pretty consistent year-on-year. Flexes a little bit depending on which refinery, but we've really haven't changed our philosophy on turnaround expenditures and timing of those.
Roger Read: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everyone.
Greg Garland: Hey, Brad.
Brad Heffern: I wanted to circle back on some of the CapEx conversations from earlier in the call, Greg, respecting that you said, you'll give more detail later this summer, I think. But, I'm curious why the CapEx is coming in so low? Obviously, you cited the frac two deferral, but I wouldn't think that there was any CapEx in the budget for that. It sounds like the major projects are on budget. So, what exactly is it that's leading to the lower numbers?
Greg Garland: Well, it's several projects in Midstream beyond frac two that we're looking at. I also mentioned the project financing of DAPL/ETCOP. So, that's going to be a very classic type project finance. So, our share of that will be somewhere around $600 million-ish, I would say. Probably most of it will be in 2016, maybe a little bit spilled over in 2017, but if you could just kind of sum all that up and that's really how you get to a $3.3 billion level. And frankly, we're still working the numbers and I suspect it's going to come in below $3.3 billion, when we give you guidance in a couple months.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the dynamics in the Atlantic Basin on the Refining side right now? Obviously, the arm has been opened, but it seems like products going nowhere but in the tanks on the East Coast. So, something seems to have to give on the Refining utilization side, and since you guys see both sides of the market there, how do you see that playing out?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. You're right. We've had a lot of build of inventory in pad one in New York Harbor, there's been an incentive on Europe to continue to run that reflects storage economics right now. But, there is a place that needs to rebalance, somewhere between the U.S. East Coast and some of the European refiners, we still look at that, say there needs to be some balancing on the inventory side or the production side to balance that out. And that typically tends to be a more marginal or higher cost area, another reason we think about that. So a lot of dynamics in play around that and we'll have to see how it shakes out, but no matter how you cut it, some plays, you've got to get the production and demand back in balance a bit more on the Refining side, so that's why we anticipate that run cuts come and that would seem to be one of the places that we look at that think that could occur.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks. And then quickly kind of related, is there any update on Whitegate? Is that still in the sale process?
Greg Garland: So, I would say, we're still in the process on Whitegate, I would tell you we're pleased with the progress to this point. And hopefully, as I said, I think on last quarter, our intention is we get this closed this year.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one  a follow-up question regarding some of the PSX and PSXP strategy. Just curious as to whether organic cash flow business at the base business, if you were to continue to see weakness in Refining of the Midstream or so on through 3Q and 4Q, does the level of organic cash flow accelerate or change the pace at all of PSXP drops in terms of how you see the timing play out in 2016?
Timothy Taylor: No, I think, again, we look at PSXP, we've talked about our $1.1 billion target, you've got to continue to progress to make the distribution coverage, so we have a strong backlog of MLP-able income available, and so we're going to continue to grow that, hit our target there in 2018. So, we're continuing to see good Midstream cash flows in our fee-based assets and that's a key component of what we want PSXP to do.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. So, then, maybe just one on M&A. In your strategic update portion of the note, you hint that you're evaluating all parts of your portfolio, which is something I hadn't seen in prior releases. I guess, can you expand any more on that? Things that you're looking at in the portfolio? Would you be considering selling anything that's in the portfolio? And, if so, is there anything you can comment in terms of non-core things that might potentially be on the table?
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think, my comments earlier were around the capital budget and the projects that we have on deck and ensuring that any project we do meets our hurdle rate expectations. In terms of the overall portfolio, of course, we have the process on Whitegate, we just talked about; but I think as we come to the end of the Whitegate process, I don't think there is a lot more in portfolio that we have on deck, certainly for 2016 or thinking about it into 2017. In terms of potential M&A, we look at every day, I would tell you that price is still relatively high to us, relative to the organic opportunities we may have in front of us. But, we would look at that. And if we can find assets for the right value, we're certainly willing to do that. I think the Explorer one was a good example, but that was done at the PSXP level. And in terms of Midstream, you'll see us doing more and more activity at the PSXP level.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Hi, good afternoon and thank you for your time.
Greg Garland: Hey, Faisel.
Faisel Khan: Hi. Greg, I wanted to go back to  and Tim  your prepared comments around the Freeport Export facility. I think that is beginning the commissioning phase right now. If I remember right, I think the contracted volumes were, I think, six cargos a month. Just wanted to make sure I understood some of your commentary around that. I think you were talking about a lower number in the commissioning phase?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. So, we're about 97% complete on the LPG Terminal. There's different pieces, so we're actually right at the front end of our commissioning and drying out process, getting it ready. So, we anticipate that will be operational toward the end of the year, but we are actually essentially completing construction and now working into the commissioning piece of that business, so that's about to become operational. On the market side, and you asked about the contracts. We continue to work the contracts, as Greg said, the commodity environment is challenged today. So, I think that the commercial arm or opportunity is narrower than what we had originally planned in the short term, but we still fundamentally see that strength. And as I said, it's got to clear the market here somewhere to really make everything balanced just based on the demand side. So, we feel pretty good about the longer-term fundamentals there with some stress short-term I think on the commercial side of that. But the load across that looks really solid to us. And we continue to work that.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Do the contracts support the ramp that you guys talked about, the $200 million to $400 million in EBITDA? Is that something  the current situation in the market doesn't impact sort of how we model those cash flows ramping up into the first half of next year.
Timothy Taylor: So, we've said that the EBITDA on that project $400 million to $500 million, 20% or so, would be commercial opportunities. And so, the ramp up schedule really relates more to the fee. And I think that what we're seeing is that opportunities for that are going to be a bit lower, but in the commercial arm is really where we're seeing most of the compression in terms of that run rate; but we're ready to ramp up when that thing becomes operational as these contracts start to kick in and we get the asset in play. But that takes a bit of time as you bring up the operation.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And on the Marketing and Specialty side, obviously that business continues to remain strong and generate high returns on capital. It looks like you're investing a little bit more capital in that business, if I'm looking at some of the commentary correctly. So, the upgrading of sites, buying more additional sites in Europe, and I was just wondering if you could comment about whether you are increasing the amount of capital into that business with sort of the addition of sites and sort of improvement of branded sites across your network?
Timothy Taylor: So, Faisel, most of that capital, the capital investment in sites is in Europe. We have a great market position, good return; but it's going to be modest, just given the size of the market and the rate at which it's growing. So, it's really, I think a level that we see continuing to go forward. On the U.S. side, a little bit of capital on the Marketing side for that, but most of this is done through our dealers and our marketers, our customers. And so, it's part of our marketing structure, but making good progress in terms of revamping the sites, particularly on the 76 and the Phillips 66 brand, and we're seeing increased pull-through to the branded chain. So, we're strengthening that really through our marketing and commercial relationships versus a capital investment piece that we are driving.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then last question from me. You guys talked about sort of the headwind from secondary product pricing during the quarter. Is most of that now resolved now that crude's flattened out and come off a bit? I just want to make sure  I understand that headwind is still continuing into the third quarter or has it completely been resolved?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Crude ran up quite a bit in the second quarter, and so as it comes off, the margin between say a coke and a crude, that that differential widens back out. That said, some of the other products are LPGs. And to the extent that NGL prices  I mean, propane price has come down significantly here recently. And so as you see that, it's a moving target; but generally, we do better with lower crude prices in terms of the secondary product loss, if you will. So that narrows and it's basically a boost or tailwind for our margins.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Great. Thanks for the time.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys.
Greg Garland: Hey, Paul.
Kevin Mitchell: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Just curious, is there a number that you can share on the fractionator one that seems to come on stream late last year, what's the contribution in the second quarter? And also when the LPG Export Terminal up and running, should we assume that the entire Sweeny NGL hub is going to report under NGL business or that the LPG Terminal is going to be in the transportation segment?
Greg Garland: It should all be in NGL. Let me take a, maybe a 30,000-foot view on this question if I can, and then Tim can come in behind me and give you some of the details. So, I know you have a concern around this and we understand that. If I can just go to the 30,000-foot level and just talk about the Sweeny hub in general, we still think that that's a great project and we see value creation opportunity there. If you think about NGL pipes coming out of the Permian and West Texas and the Eagle Ford and going by Sweeny. You think about world-class refining, world-class petrochemicals. We have the largest single site ethylene facility at Sweeny, we're building 1.2 million tons of polyethylene capacity, building the fractionator, we're building the caverns, we're building the interconnecting pipes to Bellevue and on to Freeport and then the 150,000 barrel a day LPG Export facility. So, we still like that concept and what we are creating there. I think short-term what you're seeing in the market, there's going to be stress in the LPG side of it. The frac is running well, it's running to design limits. We're seeing certainly heavier feed than what we premised. And so, we're running about 80 a day at the frac today versus 100%, but it's completely loaded in the backend of the frac. The other thing I would say is, as this project is coming up, we have a lot of project expenses that are hitting us beyond just the frac. So, think about the pipes and the caverns and the commissioning and the start-up of the LPG Export facility. So you should expect to see those costs continue through the end of 2016. But when you talk about the frac itself, we dropped it, all of it, it's at PSXP today. The EBITDA is about $100 million, so $25 million a quarter. There's a little bit of leakage that goes to the non-controlling interest, so then you take that and bring it to the net income level. And that was more than offset by the project expenses we had and the seasonal trading activities that we had in our NGL business. We're not worried about this whole NGL complex that we're building at Sweeny in terms of it coming up. And we're looking forward to getting the LPG Export up later this year, we'll start commissioning activities actually in the next couple weeks as we start thinking about that. So, I just want to say that we still really like this project a lot. And Tim, if you want to fill in anything I missed, you're welcome to do that.
Timothy Taylor: No, I think it really is about the total. And, Paul, it's a PSXP asset today. Greg said we're down a little bit with the ethane. The ethane comes out of rejection that comes up naturally. It also starts to load more of the pipe in the caverns that are there. So, relatively small contribution, but it's up and it's running a lot better. We had great operational improvement this second quarter and so that's what we're focused on. And then we've got to get this LPG up and get the entire value chain going on that one.
Paul Cheng: Kevin, do you have a number you can share? What is the RIN cost and [indiscernible] resell for the Refining segment? And what is the RIN benefit that embed in the Marketing segment in the second quarter?
Kevin Mitchell: No, Paul, we haven't disclosed our specific RIN costs in Refining or benefits in Marketing. But you highlight the situation, so we do have the RIN exposure in Refining. We have an offset in Marketing. Obviously as RIN prices increase, that's hurting Refining more, and you see that reflected in our capture rates, but there's offset in Marketing. But we don't provide the actual numbers.
Paul Cheng: All right. And in the page nine of your presentation as you guys go through that was mentioning that the inventory impact on the margin capture rate. Can you elaborate what exactly where you talking about here?
Kevin Mitchell: So to the extent there is an inventory impact in our capture, it's reflected in that other bar. The actual effect in the quarter was...
Paul Cheng: No, I understand. I just think that you mentioned that that bar is relate to inventory impact. So, I'm just trying to understand what is that impact. What's causing that impact or that how big is that? That number is serious. Over $2 per barrel is a pretty big number.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So it's a combination of your RINs expense, product differentials, outbound freight costs, any inventory effect, they're all in there. And inventory is normal.
Paul Cheng: Sure. I understand. So the inventory is not a major cause on that one?
Greg Garland: No.
Kevin Mitchell: No.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And Tim, when you run through your LP, is Bayway or Whitegate or Alliance, those [indiscernible] refinery, is it still make sense to run that through or that you actually look like that you should doing some run cut?
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. We don't disclose individuals; but yeah, as I made the comment, we think about it and look at the light suites and say where would that incrementally be in addition to product configuration. So rather than  just go ahead and say that we always look at that and we'll look at that and make sure that incremental barrel has incremental profit. And to the extent that we don't we'll crude cut the crew.
Paul Cheng: But you haven't seen it yet for those three facilities within your portfolio?
Timothy Taylor: No.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Gresh: Yes, hi there. My first question is you talked about the $400 million of income at PSXP going to $1.1 billion. I just wanted to clarify, is that all, I guess, project-related EBITDA growth or is some of that drops? I guess what I mean is, I'm just trying to understand how much Midstream EBITDA growth you're expecting from 2016 to 2017, given that you have a lot of one-time costs that you're incurring this year to ramp the projects?
Timothy Taylor: So, with the $1.1 billion is a target of both existing assets, when we began as well as our growth projects. As we think about the composition, so exactly what we drop when is something that we always look at, so it's going to be a combination of both of those; but as you look at the Midstream EBITDA, we put out in 2018, we drove from around $1 billion say in, Refining and Midstream income when we started in 2013, 2014 pushing that up over $2 billion, so that's really the growth that's there  some of that's commodity as well. So, there's some  depending on the commodity markets, could be some of that about 20%. And that's really how we think about it is, that look through EBITDA, you've got $1 billion plus of EBITDA growth over that period, but what you put in the PSXP is a mixed question that we really don't address specifically.
Philip Gresh: Okay. So if I strike the PSXP part of it, do you have a view on how much EBITDA growth you'll get out of these midstream projects between 2016 and 2017? For example, the $400 million to $500 million from the Sweeny hub and the other projects.
Greg Garland: So, at the end of 2017, you put the Sweeny hub, you've got DAPL/ETCOP, you've got Bayou Bridge coming on. So, you're pushing up well over probably $500 million of incremental EBITDA in the Midstream both the combination of PSXP as well as PSX.
Philip Gresh: Okay. Thanks. My second question is just for Kevin on the balance sheet. In the past, we've talked about whether you consolidated balance sheet or ex-PSXP. Generally curious how you're thinking about that today. And then, with this macro environment, we're seeing in the back half that could be potentially worse than the first half on free cash flow, general willingness to use the balance sheet in an interim period to continue buybacks, noting that 2Q buybacks were the lowest we've seen in a couple years?
Kevin Mitchell: So, debt to cap, 27% fully consolidated at the end of the second quarter. On a net basis, 22%. When you exclude PSXP, I think, it's 25% total. 19% on a net cash basis. So, it's still a fair amount of headroom from a balance sheet standpoint, balance sheet capacity to weather the ups and downs in the market. Most of the capital programming, Greg talked about $3.9 billion capital budget coming to something $3.3 billion-ish for the year, but a lot of the capital is locked in and so that's where having the balance sheet capability to deal with that over that time period certainly helps us. The MLP model is a critical part of the overall funding. So, as we continue to grow the MLP dropdown assets, you will see cash coming back to the PSX level and it's going to be in the form of, you'll see equity raises like within the second quarter and you'll see debt going on the MLP as well.
Greg Garland: Just one thing, Phil that I would add to that. We're kind of on a glide scope slope to $3 million and so think about $1 billion-ish of sustaining capital and $2 billion of growth, most of that growth is really directed towards Midstream and we fully expect that we can fund that coming out of the MLP.
Philip Gresh: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have now reached to the end of our Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Rosy for closing remarks.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Erica. And thank you all for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please feel free to give C.W. Mallon or myself a call. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2016 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sally and I will your operator for todays call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-question session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Rosy Zuklic, General Manager, Investor Relations. Rosy, you may begin.
Rosy Zuklic: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Mitchell. The presentation material well be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 Web site along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ are included here as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that said, I will turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Rosy. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. We had a good operating quarter running well across all of our businesses. However weaker margins had a significant impact on our earnings this quarter. In refining distillate crack spreads were the lowest since 2010. In chemicals benchmark industry olefin chain margins were down from last quarter, and midstream was impacted by lower NGL prices. We experienced solid results from our marketing and specialties business. Total adjusted earnings were 360 million and excluding working capital changes, we generated $722 million from cash from operations. We remain focused on operating excellence and completing our growth projects in midstream and chemicals, where we see great value and opportunity long term. We are maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation and believe that our strong balance sheet is a competitive advantage that positions us well to executive our plans through the commodity price cycles. During the quarter we reinvested 750 million back into the business and we distributed 687 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Since May of 2012, weve returned 11.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and/or repurchase or exchange of 115 million shares. We continue to target a sixty-forty split between reinvestment in our business and distributions back to our shareholders and we have targeted another dividend increase this year of at least 10%. We made good progress on our major growth projects in midstream we received all the permits necessary for the Dakota access pipeline to start laying pipe in May and we would expect an on schedule completion by year end. In the Gulf Coast the Beaumont terminal expansion is going well. The terminal currently has 7.1 million barrels of storage capacity. We have 3.2 million barrels of new capacity under construction. Longer term this facility can expand to 16 million barrels of storage capacity, also development of the first phase for the Sweeny Hub is nearing completion. The LPG export terminal is 80% complete, is on time and on budget. The completion of the terminal will represent a major step in the development of a world class energy complex within integrated refining, chemical and midstream assets. PSXP remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy the fee based assets within its portfolio continue to perform well. PSXP increases its limited partner distributions by 5% this quarter and remains on track to achieve its steady growth objective of a five year 30% distribution and compound annual growth rate through 2018. DCP midstream is reducing its gas breakeven for self help initiatives and expects to achieve breakeven at NGL prices below $0.35 per gallon this year. We are reducing cost, cut capital substantial and converting commodity exposed contracts to fee based to improve financial strength and flexibility. In addition the equity contributions from the owners last year, strengthened the balance sheet, increased fee based earnings and positioned DCP for success in the future. We expect that DCP will be self-funded going forward. In chemicals demand for consumer products remained strong in response CPChem continues to run at high rates across its system. Because CPChems primary production centers are in North America and in the Middle East underpinned by advantaged feedstocks. We believe CPChems asset base provides it with a competitive advantage. CPChem continues to advance the U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project it is now 75% complete with expected start up in mid 2017. Once running CPChems global ethylene and polyethylene capacity would increase by approximately one-third. In refining we see good gasoline supply and demand fundamentals for the remainder of the year and we expect strong demand as we head into the summer driving season. Our focus on refining is operating excellence, maintaining our costs and capital discipline, increasing returns through selective investment. We invest in projects that are quick pay off, low cost and high return. During the quarter we advanced of several these refining projects. At the Wood River Refinery were undergoing debottlenecking in our own schedule for completion in the third quarter. At Bayou work on the FCC modernization is on schedule. At the Billings refinery, efforts are underway to increase the amount of heavy Canadian crude we can run to 100%. Each of these projects has a projected return on investment of about 30%. So with that I will turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, to review the quarter results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks Greg, good morning. Starting on Slide 4, first quarter adjusted earnings were $360 million or $0.67 per share, reported net income was $385 million. Excluding working capital cash from operations was $722 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $750 million with approximately 450 million spent in midstream primarily on our growth projects. Distributions to share holders in the first quarter totaled $687 million, including $296 million in dividends and 391 million in share repurchases. At the end of the first quarter our debt to capital ratio was 27% and after taking into account our ending cash balance our net debt capital ratio was 23%. Annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 5%, our adjusted effective income tax rate was 33%. Slide 5, compares first quarter 2016 and fourth quarter 2015 adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were down $350 million, primarily driven by lower results in refining. Next well cover each of the segments individually. Ill start with Midstream on Slide 6. Transportation continues to generate stable earnings, the NGL business progressed construction on the Freeport LPG Export Terminal. Fractionator utilization was reduced due to turnarounds and the impact of ethane rejection on feedstock composition. Included in the transportation and NGL results is the contribution from Phillips 66 Partners. During the quarter, PSXP contributed earnings of $32 million to the Midstream segment. Distributions to Phillips 66 from our LP and GP interests increased 7% over the fourth quarter. DCP Midstream continues to work on its self help initiatives to reduce costs, manage its portfolio and restructure contracts. On Slide 7, Midstreams first quarter adjusted earnings were $40 million down 2 million from the fourth quarter. Transportation adjusted earnings for the quarter was $72 million down 6 million from the prior quarter, driven by lower equity earnings from Rockies Express Pipeline and Explorer Pipeline. NGL adjusted loses were $11 million for the first a 9 million decrease from the prior quarter was largely driven by seasonal storage activity partially offset by lower tax expense. Adjusted loses for DCP Midstream were lower in the first quarter primarily due to improved liability and contract restructuring efforts partially offset by the impact of lower commodity prices. In Chemicals, the Global Olefins & Polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 93% and margins were lower, SA&S had improved equity earnings due to higher volumes at equity affiliates. As shown on Slide 9, first quarter adjusted earnings for Chemicals were $156 million down from $182 million in the fourth quarter. In Olefins & Polyolefins the decrease of $36 million was largely due to lower margins driven by reduced polyethylene sales prices. This was partially offset by higher polyethylene sales volumes from lower controllable costs. Adjusted earnings for SA&S increased by $7 million on higher equity earnings from increased sales volumes due to the fourth quarter turnaround activities at CPChems equity affiliates. In Refining realized margins was $7.11 per barrel for the quarter, as market crack spreads decreased significantly from the prior quarter. Gasoline market cracks were down 14% from the fourth quarter, due impart to the impact of higher than normal industry gasoline production in the fourth quarter as well as the impacts of butane blending and seasonally lower demand. Distillate market cracks were at a six year low. Market capture decreased from 74% in the fourth quarter to 67% in the first quarter. Clean product yields fell to 82% with gasoline yield at 43%. These yields reflect the impact of turnaround activity as well as accelerated maintenance on secondary units due to the low margin environment. Pretax turnaround costs were $115 million, $35 million lower than guidance due to deferral of some catalyst change activity. Slide 11 shows a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings compared to the previous quarter. The Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $86 million, down $290 million from last quarter. The reduction was largely due to lower market cracks. Atlantic Basin adjusted earnings decreased this quarter primarily due to lower volumes and inventory impacts. The Gulf Coast region saw lower margins and reduced volumes due to planned maintenance and unplanned downtime. In the Gulf Coast region as well as the Central Corridor we had unplanned down time as we undertook discretionary maintenance in a low margin environment. In the Central Corridor lower margins accounted for the majority of the reductions in adjusted earnings from the fourth quarter as market cracks were 24% lower. On the West Coast, market cracks were 26% lower reduced margins were mostly offset by improvements in controllable cost and inventory impacts. Santa Maria continues to be affected by the Plains Pipeline outage. Next well cover market capture on Slide 12. Our worldwide realized margin was $7.11 per barrel versus the 3:2:1 market crack of $10.64 per barrel resulting in an overall market capture of 67%. Market capture is impacted impart by the configuration of our refineries as it relates to our production relative to the market crack calculation. With 82% clean product yield for the quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premise in the 3:2:1 market crack. Losses due to secondary products decreased this quarter as the price differential between crude oil and lower value products such as coke and NGLs narrowed. Feedstock advantage was slightly higher than the fourth quarter but crude differentials generally remained tight. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. Let's move to marketing and specialties where we posted a good quarter thanks to healthy U.S. margins and volumes. Specialty saw higher earnings on improved margins. Slide 14 shows adjusted earnings for M&S in the first quarter of $205 million, down $22 million from the fourth quarter. In marketing and other the $36 million decrease was largely due to lower biodiesel tax credits and lower margins in international marketing. This was partially offset by higher U.S. marketing margins. Specialtys adjusted earnings increased to $43 million primarily due to improved base oil margins. On Slide 15, the corporate and other expense had after tax net costs grow $127 million this quarter, an increase of $10 million from the fourth quarter. Net interest expense increased by $7 million primarily due to lower capitalized interests associated with the start up of Sweeny Fractionator One while corporate overhead and other expenses increased by $3 million due to the timing of legal and environmental charges. Slide 16 shows cash flow for the quarter. We began the year with a cash balance of $3.1 billion. Excluding working capital impacts cash from operations was $722 million. Working capital changes reduced cash flow by $464 million. The cash benefit for the U.S. tax refund received in the quarter was more than offset by the customary first quarter inventory build and the timing of marketing receipts and crude cargo payments. We funded $750 million of capital expenditures and investments, and we distributed nearly $700 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with 526 million shares outstanding. At the end of the quarter our cash balance was $1.7 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operational results. Next Ill cover a few outlook items. In the second quarter, in Chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the low 90s. In Refining we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and before tax turnaround expenses to be approximately $100 million. We expect corporate and other costs to come in between $120 million and $125 million and companywide we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Doug Leggate with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch is online with a question.
Doug Leggate: I dont know if I could ask you about the impact of run cuts in the quarter because my understanding is that in the quarter you guys had deliberately taken some steps to basically run at lower rates and obviously I am wondering if that was part of what fell behind the refining result in the quarter and my follow-up I guess is also refining related to the diesel overhang we see currently obviously you guys are a little more exposed to that. Id just love to get your perspective on how do you see, if you see that cleaning up and how do you see that putting out lets say over the next about 3 to 6 months? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
Greg Garland: So I'll start and then Tim you can kind of give the overlook on this. So we ran really hard in January and March and we slowed down in February it is really the story. I think the interesting thing is we accelerated some maintenance activity but a lot of it was on secondary units and it didn't really effect the overall utilization as much as you might expect. But we did, we did build some intermediate inventory during the quarter. So I think that's the major impact in terms of the operations and Tim why dont you hit on the outlook in terms of distillate?
Tim Taylor: Yes, Doug on the distillate side I think exports are the key to really clearing the length in North America and we are seeing good demand in China, India, West Africa and Latin America and so I think that continues. That said I think distillate for us continues to look to be the challenge for the market as we go forward, but I think it will clear but it's really turning into more of a byproduct from a gasoline production standpoint. So I think as long as those export markets are open that will continue to clear the U.S.
Doug Leggate: And then maybe just a quick follow-up, so you're planning to run your refineries back up into the mid 90s in the second, so I am just kind of curious if margins are still challenging in your distillate heavy yield, why would you continue to, are you just going to press into that or do you think there will be more voluntary run cuts as we through the next three to six months? It doesnt sound like it.
Greg Garland: Yes Doug I think that we're seeing strong gasoline cracks. I mean they really recovered in March and now in April, the summer driving season that's going to drive the overall refinery utilization certainly drives our thinking and then the distillate piece. The crack spread is really relatively stable where it is and has been but I think that's the piece where we're looking to the exports to clear that. But I think the gasoline is pulling the refinery utilization across the industry.
Operator: Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil is online with a question.
Blake Fernandez: Maybe just a follow-up on Dougs distillate question, do you have any sense that maybe once we reaccelerate activity here in the U.S. from a drilling perspective, do you think that's a critical component of kind of cleaning up the disparity we're seeing between demand and maybe some of these building inventories on the distillate side?
Greg Garland: It's part of a question but I mean right now it's probably less than 2% of total distillate demand, but it's helpful what is maybe 40,000 or 50,000 barrels a day is our estimate.
Blake Fernandez: The second piece and maybe there is a question for Kevin, the buyback seemed to continue at a fairly robust rate, continuing the macro environment, I am just curious your thinking about ratability of the buyback program and kind of the seasonality of what we would expect on the cash flow?
Greg Garland: Yes. So I'll take it and Kevin can step in. So I kind of think about this in several different buckets, so the first bucket is really I dont think the first quarter is reflective of our view of what 2016 is going to be. You have cracks have gone from 10 to 15 bucks we have seen NGLs move from $0.37 to $0.47, $0.48. We're seeing a good demand for transportation fuels gasoline is seeing good demand for petrochemicals. We're seeing margins up a couple of cents and we think margins will continue to improve in the pet-chem change. So we think that 16 is still kind of a $4 billion to $5 billion type cash generation year from us from operation. Second I would say our view is that for a high quality MLPs. We think that the equity markets are open and that we would expect between some combination of debt and equity we would raise between $1 billion to $3 billion back into PSX this year. So this kind of moves you to $5 billion to $7 billion of cash, if you want to think about it that way we can afford a $3.9 billion capital program, 1 billion to dividend and $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases given that. I will say just so we're looking at things going on and we're going through every line item in the capital budget both for 16 and 17. And we're assuring that our premises that we started with are still valid and that these projects are going to generate returns that are acceptable and meet our requirements. And so we'll be looking at that going forward into this year.
Operator: Paul Cheng with Barclays is online with the question.
Paul Cheng: Just curious so Tim do you have any insight what is the current economic between branding directly the line naphtha into gasoline pool in U.S. or that to export to either Europe or Asia for the petrochemical feedstock [Multiple Speakers] at this point.
Rosy Zuklic: I am sorry Paul you cut out a little bit could you repeat that the last part of your question?
Paul Cheng: No I am just trying say that, who is actually getting the more economic at this point that you're keeping lesser in this country and branding directly to the gasoline pool or they are being export to overseas to be used for petrochemical feed?
Tim Taylor: Predominantly the exports are still the distillates on the gasoline side, I mean youre seeing strong demand around the world and so
Paul Cheng: No Tim Im sorry, Tim, Tim, I am sorry I probably did not meet my question, Im looking specifically for naphtha [Multiple Speakers] naphtha that whether it is more economic to directly brand it into the gasoline pool in U.S. and then as octane to bring in the finished gasoline or that is better to kick them out in U.S. into the overseas to be used as a petrochemical feedstock any insights from you guys given your also a big petrochemical producer?
Tim Taylor: Yes clearly naphtha demand has increased around the world but we still see the best value to go into gasoline pool here, pull it with octane to blend it up but with the demand that were seeing in gasoline thats still the preference that we have.
Paul Cheng: I see. And second question, and may be this is for Kevin that do you have a number that you can share what is the Sweeny NGL Fractionator One, the contribution in the first quarter?
Kevin Mitchell: So Paul, we havent broken out at that level of detail, as you know we report at the sort of NGL sub-segment within our Midstream business at the PSXP level you can see there what they see on the Fractionator but thats a different look to the Phillips 66 look so at this point thats not a level of granularity that we have broken out at this time, obviously the Fractionator just started up at the end of last year, so still kind going through that start up a little bit of incremental cost that you wouldnt expect to be recurring and volume is a little bit lower than capacity given the feedstock composition, but ultimately the full value is going to come when you see the export terminal up and running and get full contribution.
Paul Cheng: Tim on tier 2, can you tell us that where are you in the process?
Tim Taylor: So were in the midst of really investing to deal with the taking more sulphur out across our system, so weve a number of projects at our refineries that were in the process of implementing to complete that but that has been a piece of our maintenance capital our long term maintenance capital, over the last several years and next year or so to complete that.
Paul Cheng: Can you tell me
Tim Taylor: I will probably just say West Coast meets tier 3 standards so it is the other refineries who are investing in and those investments are included within the kind of 700 million of sustaining capital that weve outlined.
Paul Cheng: Right, Greg our Ozark West Coast is the, is how many of the other facility is already in compliance this year or that all of them will need to win until next year before youre in compliance?
Greg Garland: That will come in compliance at different times giving the investment schedule through 2018 that we will hit Paul, so I think weve investments at most of the other refineries for tier 3, some more than others.
Paul Cheng: Okay, the final question, Greg I hear you about that the how to balance the cash flow and expecting 1 billion to 2 billion of the NPL ex the cash contribution to the CCAR, to the degree if that didnt materialize should we assume that youre going to barrow money there to continue funding the temporary shortfall on the buy back or that the buyback will take a back seat?
Greg Garland: Let me rephrase your question Paul to the extent that we cant excess the market
Paul Cheng: So if in the event that the MLP market is not available there to raise additional equity or debt for PSXP and so as a result that, you wont get that 1 billion to 2 billion of the cash you expect from the subsidiary into the CCAR should we assume because we view it as a temporary development that you would just borrow money in the CCAR to fund the buy back or that the buyback will take a pause and wait until that you have the cash to do so?
Greg Garland: I think that we said we could flex between 1 billion to 2 billion and that is kind of the guidance we have given but I would just kind of reiterate we feel pretty strongly that the markets are going to be open to us.
Operator: Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley is online with a question.
Evan Calio: My first question Greg is it relates to your capital flexibility in 2016 and 17 as we see some volatility in your business, I mean I know you talked about the expected recovered cash flow yet, as much as the, how much of the capital plans are flexible when you think about 2016 and then 2017 and what drives, how you flex that?
Greg Garland: Yes. So I would say, we kind a guided or said that we are on a glide slope to kind of a $3 billion capital program in 17 and 18 with 1 billion sustaining and 2 billion worth of kind of growth capital primarily directed at Midstream growth opportunities. In terms of the 39 this year and how much flex do we have, I would say were still working through that and looking at that, but it's probably 500 millionish in terms of the amount of flex that we actually have this year.
Evan Calio: And second on Midstream and results were a little weaker than expected there at least versus our numbers. So maybe you could discuss some of the drivers there. I mean likely related to frac start up and then how those factors impacted results and made trends for 16 I imagine some of those were to unwind?
Greg Garland: Tim?
Tim Taylor: Yes Evan it is Tim. So, basically you look at transportation segment consistent earnings quarter-to-quarter so the DCP was slightly improved as well that leaves you with the NGL and thats largely the impacts of some commercial impacts on inventory, some higher costs associated with the start up of the frac and thats really as we line that out we expect that to come more in line [Multiple Speakers].
Evan Calio: And anything related to the
Tim Taylor: Yes I think we should mention we had a turnaround at our GCF frac so the expenses were up as well because of that turnaround.
Evan Calio: Yes, that makes sense.
Greg Garland: I would just add Evan on DCP. So it was improved results but it was still a loss for the quarter.
Tim Taylor: Adjusted.
Greg Garland: On an adjusted basis and that reflects the sort of mid-30s NGL prices which have recovered quite a bit since then, so that result should be getting back to something a little bit more respectable.
Operator: Roger Read with Wells Fargo is on line with a question.
Roger Read: I guess maybe coming back to a little bit of the question on the ability to run at the high levels on the refining side and the export market. Can you give us an idea of what export volumes have been and kind of what you would anticipate as we go into the summer? I mean you made a comment about as long as the market remains open and just kind of curious what that means in a numerical sense?
Greg Garland: Weve been running essentially at mid-90s utilization so thats not changing. And so this last quarter were run at 126,000-127,000 barrels a day of exports. And so from our standpoint thats a very manageable amount to place. But our utilization really kind of stays where we were and so I think thats the key out of our Gulf Coast recoveries to balance that distillate.
Roger Read: And anymore or any particular level of flexibility we should consider here between gasoline and the distillate side? Or are you pretty well where you can go in next 12 months or so?
Greg Garland: I think weve been running pretty much max gasoline as most of the industry has. We can probably -- we can flex about 3% or 4% between gasoline and diesel. So we do have some projects that are coming on that will directionally move us more towards gasoline like the modernization of FCC and that was a good example of that. Some of the things were doing at Wood River. But I think on balance you should expect were going to be in kind of 43% to 45% type gasoline yields for 16.
Operator: Phil Gresh with JPMorgan is on line with a question.
Phil Gresh: First question on the third quarter call last year I had asked about the timing of reaching full run rate on the two projects, the 400 million to 500 million. I was just wondering if you could give an update on that. Obviously it's a little bit of a slow start on the NGL side, sounds like LPG is on time. But there is a market exposure piece there. So, as we go through 17, I mean what level are you of the 400 to 500 are you confident with at this point?
Greg Garland: So the 400 to 500 is really the total for that fractionation and thats a smaller piece of that total, the net LPG terminal and the access, and weve always said 20% to 30% of thats commodity type of exposure. So I think there is always where the market structure is going to be, and where their arm is going to be between the Gulf Coast and export markets in Asia, Europe or Latin America. So as this export terminal completes late this year, you go through start up. I think you start to see that impact really full chain value impact really starts at late this year in 2017 and I think the real question is going to be is what is that commercial piece of that going to be. So that is we boys framed it a bit from the 400 million to 500 million in terms of where the market goes, but if crude prices recover globally I think that increases that are naturally when we see that, so I think thats a variable thats a piece of that.
Phil Gresh: So ex the RPC say it's just on the execution front on the rest youre comfortable like mid 17 you could hit the full run rate on the rest?
Greg Garland: Yes and I think the fraction would be when you think about composition, you think about that, that comes up it's a relatively small contribution and it's really about the cargos, we have eight cargos that were looking at. So continue to work contracts and then we have commercial opportunity and there is always spot business with that, but we believe the supply is there to fill that.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Second question is just out here on the NGL side, particularly from the chemicals angle. Just kind of wondering how youre thinking about input cost pricing with respect to ethane, propane. Obviously there is some improved sentiment here around the export impact of demand, impact on NLGs, I am just wondering how you're think about both availability and the cost of the NGLs for your chemicals business?
Greg Garland: So I think as we thought about and we'll cost the LPG side, we're basically seeing parity today between ethane, propane and butane in terms of value in the cracking play. And our view has been that the export net back price will step a price for propane, butane and then the ethane could reach that perhaps in terms of cracking parity. But the balance really comes about which of those feed stocks you select. But the export net back really becomes the upper limit of what we set for the cracking value. Ethane in our view given coming out of rejection and what we see on the start up for the projects should still remain a competitive disadvantage for the long-term and so I think it really is that interplay somewhere between gas value and propane, butane parity on the cracking that determines that. But we would expect when the new crackers start up that ethane prices will come up somewhat to pull some of that ethane back out of the gas stream. The bottom line is we're still bullish on the operating rig items chemicals as well as the competitive advantage that you get from ethane and LPG cracking.
Kevin Mitchell: We think about the petrochemical environment right now, you really, it is demand pull that's pulling values and is really not feedstock causes any values in the market today.
Phil Gresh: So you say the margins that you have achieved in the first quarter, you'd see sustainable even if input costs rose because of the demand?
Greg Garland: I think the margins ruled off in first quarter in the market side, but we're seeing improvement and I think as demand side continue to get better so we're seeing tightening on that and so I think the demand side is actually going to be a positive as we look out to the rest of the year.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Jeff Dietert with Simmons is online with the question.
Jeffrey Dietert: Following up on the chemical margins discussion, are you seeing margins widened as we move through April with the increase in oil price and I noticed that utilization actually was going down in the second quarter relative to first quarter, could you talk about this topic?
Greg Garland: So we hit the utilization first and I would say that with turnaround in the industry and CPChem currently has a cracker in turnaround as well. They are just seeing utilizations fall from turnaround perspective and we've always felt 2016 is going to be a fairly heavy turnaround for the U.S. industry. And as far as the current pricing, we are seeing strengthening in that on the derivative side and I think that's both the response to both demand as well you are now seeing the move up in crude oil. So you are seeing two things that kind of influenced that price from a global standpoint on that say the polyethylene is the key derivative for that.
Jeffrey Dietert: And second, following up on the gasoline versus distillate yield, it's my understanding once gasoline cracks are higher than distillate cracks just kind of shifts towards maximizing gasoline, but as you look at distillate cracks at the half the level they were last year, are there incremental things you can year-over-year to increase gasoline yield and perhaps moderate distillate yield?
Tim Taylor: But I think, Greg alluded some of the things we're doing to increase conversion across FCCs and cover some of that fee into that, beyond that it's a longer term investment and we have to see longer single. But I look at distillate also say that if the economy industrially across the world picks up, you will see more distillate demand and that's benefactor in the distillate sluggish distillate demand that we're seeing, we're seeing good consumer demand, weaker industrial. And so I think you got to take a view that industrial piece at some point thus come back and I think were seeing signs of perhaps in Asia. But that's a big piece of trade piece and distillate really drives the industrial side. So I think we look at this and say it's not clear that you got to a permanent separation as you have to think about that from an investment standpoint.
Jeffrey Dietert: Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research is online with the question.
Paul Sankey: Hi good afternoon. You have kind of gone beyond the answer to this question which is about the NGL market, you talked about pricing, could you just update us given the changes in the market on how volume have shifted both in terms of just over the past year but also to the extent your outlook has shifted and especially the impact you might have in the market. I know you adjust this kind of from a price standpoint, but could you talk about the volume? Thanks.
Tim Taylor: On the NGL volumes Paul?
Paul Sankey: I mean we always struggle with this market because it's sort of nebulous area.
Tim Taylor: Okay so what we're seeing and we're seeing NGL volumes still hanging in there. You would expect with drilling activity, you would eventually expect to see that the break over bit, but we're still seeing good NGL volumes coming into the Gulf Coast. The Permian in particular looks really good. I think its price back what on improved side. The Eagle Ford being we're seeing decline rates both in NGL and crude. But overall NGL volumes have been up to kind of holding flat and in fact we had record propane production but you got refinery input on the propane side as well which may tie back to gasoline mode. so I would say on the NGL side we've seen a whole then as crude oil prices recover and drilling resumes and if you believe that North America is going to have incremental call, we're still bullish that the NGL supply is going to continue the increase.
Paul Sankey: What do you attribute the volumes surprisingly holding up to?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think it's just seeing kind of the same story in the crude side, I think there was just a lot of latent activity there and then I think the economics behind the drilling in the basins that we're touching are driving that. So you've obviously seen that hold and I think it just reflects what the production side of the business is seeing on the E&P side.
Paul Sankey: So, you might almost be thinking that we're actually bottoming out in terms of volumes and actually will hold or go higher from here?
Tim Taylor: I think you've got to see that drilling resume to really start to see that comeback and I suspect we'll continue to see NGL volumes kind of holding steady perhaps decline a bit and then it takes time. I think would be our view on the E&P side to kind of restart all that activity and your guess is as good as mine about exactly where they are. But with the capital expenditures where they are on the upstream. It's hard to see that you're going to see a lot of extra volume over the next 12 months until that program ramps buck up and so sustained crude oil prices will help drive that and we think long - over a period of month. That's what you begin to see but I think we're kind of and I think our view is we are probably getting closer to the bottom and may stay there while and we're certainly going to continue to see volatility.
Paul Sankey: I was looking on the idea that your guess would be better than mine. Great, this may be a very quick answer, I fully understand if it is, but you've had a significant [indiscernible] in shareholders' structure over the past year or so, has that had any impact on your Board or on your strategy?
Greg Garland: I think we're pretty open about what our strategy is, it's been very consistent and so you can draw your own conclusion from that, Board is still the same, we have a great Board, we have a great shareholder base, so I think yes, I tried to answer your question.
Paul Sankey: Thank you.
Operator: Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets is on line with the question.
Brad Heffern: I was hoping to ask the question about Rockies Express, you obviously had been the [Rofer] (Ph) and so it's not exercised it, so I'm curious, how strategic you view that pipeline in a longer term?
Greg Garland: So, we look at [indiscernible], I would say tall Tallgrass has done a good job of creating value around our pipeline that was designed to go west to east to with what they've done. So we've liked what they've done from the value standpoint, in terms of the Rofer we've got a pretty expensive organic program that really fits around out chemical refining NGL assets and that's where the capital goes. So, we'd like to stay where we are with that and it really didn't scale our investment side of that but we think Tallgrass is doing a good job creating value. So, we like it the retro pipeline with that and it gives us midsize in the gas markets as well.
Brad Heffern: And I guess we're going back to CPChem, thinking about the cracker, I'm curious your outlook for the economics for that project now versus the investment case, obviously and you wouldn't have assume that oil prices were going to be as well as they are, but at the same time I assume that demand is probably better than you expected. So what are kind of the puts and takes there?
Greg Garland: I think on the volume side we haven't waivered that, it's going to be come up to be good demand globally, we always going to get the cracker stable so I think that's the good news. On the margin side the spread between ethane and crude and that ultimately that crude price shifts those say polyethylene or derivative price. That's narrowed a bit, I think that our view would be that that's a step front little bit of a headwind, but as you look out and if you believe crude comes back to a another level above $60 and I think we looked at the premises still are pretty much in line with our investment thesis. So I think we still like it and from a return standpoint even today's margins there's a significant cost advantage with this new complex just on the operating side of the business that offsets some of that margin but I think we still have expectations that this will be a very strong profit driver for CPChem for us as our share on the EBITDA basis incrementally as thats just the cracker structure, it was roughly $500 million with some upside.
Tim Taylor: So, another way I think about that is, you look at kind of industry markers today, full chain margins, ethane is $0.28, $0.29, that's certainly well above reinvestment levels and so I think you'd be happy with that investment with today's margins out there.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks for the answers.
Operator: Faisel Khan with Citigroup is on line with a question.
Faisel Khan: Thanks good afternoon. Just a couple of questions, one LPG, one gasoline, on the LPG side you guys talked about the sort of looking for additional contracts on the capacity that you still have open. But just curious is that capacity or is that market to export off your docks is that still in that $0.13 a gallon sort of range, is that still the market price or is it something different?
Greg Garland: Well you're right, I think that on a contract basis, we havent disclosed the terms specifically. And it's a range of things. I would say that the contract market long-term is higher than the spot market it's maybe how I would like to answer that. So I think as you see these budgets come on the contract piece would link that were seeing or the short that were seeing on demand side has moved that spot market down, but were still seeing good contract prices, and I think the customers that you talk to have a vision about long-term supply and thats an important division. So I think with all aspects you just have to look at the mix and decide which way you can go.
Faisel Khan: And did I hear your comments right that on the LPG demand full size from the export side equation that that right now is fairly pricing elastics because of the demand for light feedstock into global petrochemical capacity or is that - did I hear that wrong?
Greg Garland: No, I was talking about were fairly neutral in the U.S. about what we chose to crack and so the link in the LPG still needs to be exported. Were still seeing good demand for PDH propane de-hydro units for cracker feeds around that. So it was really comments around the U.S. with its existing petrochemical operations, fairly stable and were posting different in terms of feedstock and every producer has their own preference to which feedstock they crack. And so that leaves you with there is excess LPG it still needs to be exported. Youre seeing propane, butane and some of the C5 and now youre starting to see some things happen on the ethane side as well.
Faisel Khan: And what about ethylene, is that something that if you move across feedstocks as well?
Greg Garland: So ethylene is actually been exported in limited quantities out of the U.S. in other parts it's a more specialized trading. But yes there is some interest in increased ethylene export capacity and the ethane export capacity based on refrigeration is pretty similar. So it's just the dock capacity is there fully around the refrigeration and how would you export that and so can you convert what you have or just add to that, maybe add ethylene dimension.
Faisel Khan: Okay understood. On the gasoline side equation, so I understand that the projects that you guys have outstanding right now to potentially increase some of your gasoline yield. But if Im looking at this coming summer versus last summer, I believe some of you also somewhat max out in gasoline production capacity. Can you produce or would you think that do you guys think you will produce more gasoline, finished gasoline this summer versus last summer?
Greg Garland: I think we pretty much are running where we can. I would say on the industry side one thing is different this year is inventories are higher. So that may cap somewhat what you could see in terms of price response at the same time demand is up. So day sales in inventories actually havent grown as much as the gasoline absolute levels within case. So I think we still expect a fairly strong gasoline driving season and a good gasoline crack through the next couple of quarters.
Faisel Khan: It sound like you could produce much more gasoline out of your system summer versus last summer?
Greg Garland: We really are running essentially about maximum capacity on the crude input side as well as the conversion side.
Faisel Khan: Go it. okay, thanks for the time guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs is on line with a question.
Neil Mehta: Just want to reach out on the West Coast here. Thats a place where the results came in a little bit soft relative to our expectations. Is there anything unusual in the first quarter it's actually the Plain side blind outage or some turnaround activity that could have impacted those results? And then as we have some of these SEC to come back on line over the next couple of months, do you think the West Coast environment stays relatively strong just because were going through a summer demand season? Or do you think were going to see some margin compression out there?
Greg Garland: We had San Francisco down on turnaround first quarter and so that impacted results versus what we would have thought. We saw some impacts to Plain it's about some $10 million for the quarter. But were trying to mitigate that extent that we can. And then I think as [indiscernible] comes back up it's going to have an impact in California. The good news is demand is up quite a bit relative to last couple of years. And so I think we still got good demand going for you there. But I do think that youre not going to see the volatility in California that weve seen in the past year or two.
Neil Mehta: And then stepping back as you think about your whole portfolio here, is everything thats part of PSX right now would you consider core I mean I know the West Coast has come up in the past as a potential asset divestiture target. But what are your thoughts in terms of how your portfolio looks right now and whether anything you would consider non-core here?
Kevin Mitchell: So, we do have a process underway at Whitegate and we expect that we will conclude that process this year. California we talked about a lot the hold cost or the option value is really not much there is not a lot of capital in front of us in California last few year margins have been very good in California so it's a net cash contributor. And you think about could you sell asset probably but could we did good value for it, probably not and so I think we just hold it at this point in time they're good assets, they're probably mid back in terms of where they set their cost structure, but given the option value to keep, I think it'll just hang on.
Neil Mehta: All right guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the time limit available for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Rosy.
Rosy Zuklic: Thank you, Sally. We thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. IF you got additional questions, Debby [ph] now and I are available to take your call. Also I want to remind the transcript for our call will be posted on our website shortly. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sally and I will your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Clayton Reasor, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy, Corporate and Government Affairs. Please go ahead, Mr. Reasor.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you, Sally. Welcome to Phillips 66 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; and Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Mitchell. The presentation material well be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe operating statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments and factors that could cause these changes are these actual results to differ are included on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. So with that said, I will turn the call over to Greg for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We had a good year in 2015. Adjusted earnings were $4.2 billion, which was our highest since 2012. We generated $5.7 billion in cash from operations. This allowed us to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, while funding our capital program and returning $2.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We made significant progress on our growth projects in midstream and chemicals and we continued to improve returns in our refining and marketing businesses. Despite the difficult environment experienced throughout the energy industry, our diversified asset portfolio has performed well. We continue to execute our plan. For us, it all starts with operating excellence. We spent $1.2 billion in sustaining capital in 2015. And from an operating reliability perspective, our businesses ran well. 2015 was a very safe year for us. We tied our best year ever for recordable injuries. And refining, chemicals and midstream were top performers in injury rates. We also maintained the improvement in our environmental performance demonstrated in previous years. We ended 2015 with a solid quarter, especially when considering the current commodity price environment. Adjusted earnings were $710 million or $1.31 per share. Market cracks were down significantly in the fourth quarter from the highs that we saw last summer, but our global refining business continued to run well with 94% utilization. Marketing earnings were healthy. And this continues to be a high return business for us. 2015 adjusted return on capital employed was 35% for this segment. In Midstream, we commenced operations of the Sweeny Fractionator One and supporting Clemens storage caverns. 2016 will be another busy year for us with several other midstream projects scheduled for completion. Our Freeport LPG export terminal is now 80% complete. Its on track, on budget with an expected startup in the fourth quarter of 2016. The Dakota Access and ETCOP pipeline projects also continue to make good progress and remain on schedule for completion by the end of this year. Our master limited partnership, Phillips 66 Partners, remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy. The fee-based assets within PSXPs portfolio continue to perform well and are not impacted by the current market conditions. PSXP continues on track to achieve its stated growth objective of a 5-year 30% distribution compound annual growth rate through 2018. Adjusted EBITDA was up nearly 90% for the year at PSXP, while distribution growth and coverage were also strong. In addition, PSXP was able to raise $1.5 billion of low cost capital through the debt and equity capital markets in 2015. DCP continues to work on reducing cost and converting contracts to fee-based structures to improve its financial strength and flexibility. The equity contributions from the owners in the fourth quarter helped in that regard. We expect that DCP will be self-funded going forward. In chemicals, cash margins fell during the fourth quarter. However, they remain strong by historical standards. CPChems geographically advantaged footprint allows it to remain profitable and able to self-fund its growth projects. Development continues on CPChems U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project, which will increase CPChems U.S. ethylene and polyethylene capacity by over 40%. Overall, progress on the project is approaching 70% complete with startup planned in mid-2017. This project remains on time and on budget. We had another strong cash flow quarter. We generated $1.5 billion in cash from operations. We used $1 billion of that cash flow in capital spending to support midstream growth and maintaining operating integrity in our refining system. We also continue to return capital to our shareholders. During the fourth quarter, we returned over $700 million through dividends and share repurchases. Over the last 3 years, shareholder distributions have totaled more than $9 billion. Looking forward to 2016, our focus remains on operating well and executing our $3.9 billion capital budget. We continue to target a 60:40 split between reinvestment and distributions and we have targeted a dividend increase in 2016 of at least 10%. So now I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell to take us through the quarters results.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. Starting on Slide 4, fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $710 million or $1.31 per share. Reported net income was $650 million, including several special items excluded from adjusted earnings. The special items decreased earnings by $60 million and included $104 million in impairments at DCP and a $33 million lower of cost or market write-down of inventory at our Wood River Borger joint venture offset by an $88 million gain tied to favorable changes in German tax law. Excluding negative working capital changes of $300 million, cash from operations was $1.8 billion. Capital spending for the quarter was $1 billion, excluding the $1.5 billion contribution to DCP Midstream. Dividends and share repurchases in the fourth quarter totaled $704 million. And excluding special items, our adjusted effective income tax rate was 31%. Slide 5 compares fourth quarter and third quarter adjusted earnings by segment. Quarter-over-quarter, adjusted earnings were down $937 million. All segments had lower earnings, but refining accounted for most of the reduction. Next, we will cover each of the segments. I will start with Midstream on Slide 6. Transportation benefited from higher equity earnings and volumes. In NGLs, Sweeny Fractionator One came online during December. Included in the transportation and NGL results is the contribution from Phillips 66 Partners. During the quarter, PSXP contributed earnings of $37 million to the Midstream segment and increased its quarterly LP distribution by 7% over the third quarter. DCP Midstream continues to work on its self-help initiatives to reduce costs, manage its portfolio and restructure contracts. 2015 adjusted return on capital employed to the Midstream segment was 5% based on an average capital employed of $6.8 billion. The return for this segment continues to reflect the impact of increased capital employed driven by our significant growth investments as well as the impact of low commodity prices on DCP earnings. Moving to Slide 7, Midstreams fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $42 million, down $49 million from the third quarter. Transportation adjusted earnings for the quarter were $78 million, up $1 million from the prior quarter. NGL adjusted losses were $2 million for the quarter. The $34 million decrease from the prior quarter was largely driven by the timing of adjustments related to the tax extenders bill signed in December as well as additional cost associated with the Sweeny hub. Adjusted losses for DCP Midstream were higher in the fourth quarter mainly due to lower natural gas and natural gas liquids marketing margins as well as the impact of lower commodity prices. In chemicals, the global olefins and polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 92% and margins trended lower. SA&S was negatively impacted by planned turnaround activity. The 2015 adjusted return of capital employed for our Chemicals segment was 19% based on an average capital employed of $4.9 billion. As shown on Slide 9, fourth quarter adjusted earnings for Chemicals were $182 million, down from $272 million in the third quarter. In olefins and polyolefins, the decrease of $80 million was largely due to lower cash margins. However, demand for polyethylene and normal alpha olefins product remained healthy during the quarter. Adjusted earnings for SA&S declined to $9 million on lower equity earnings, driven by lower volumes due to turnaround activities at CPChems equity affiliates and lower margins. This was partially offset by higher volumes in specialty chemicals. In refining, realized margins were $9.41 per barrel for the quarter as market crack spreads decreased significantly. Market capture increased from 72% to 74% in the fourth quarter as we saw improvements in clean product differentials and lower losses on secondary products. Refining crude utilization was 94%. Clean product yield was 85%, representing a record quarter Pretax turnaround costs were $130 million compared to guidance of approximately $150 million, due primarily to the deferral of some planned maintenance. 2015 adjusted return on capital employed for refining was 19%. This is based on average capital employed of $13.6 billion. Slide 11 shows a regional view of the change in adjusted earnings compared to the previous quarter. The Refining segment had adjusted earnings of $376 million, down $676 million from last quarter. The reduction was primarily due to lower market cracks in all regions. Atlantic Basin adjusted earnings were lower this quarter due to lower gasoline and distillate margins, partially offset by higher volumes as capacity utilization exceeded 100%. The Gulf Coast region saw lower margins and had lower volumes due to downtime at Lake Charles and Sweeny. In the Central Corridor, market cracks dropped by more than $8 per barrel, which accounted for approximately 90% of the $251 reduction in adjusted earnings from the first quarter. In addition, Wood River in City also had downtime due to turnaround activity. In the Western region, grass cracks fell nearly $15 per barrel. Volumes and controllable costs were also impacted by a major turnaround at our LA refinery that we completed in the fourth quarter. Santa Maria continued to be impacted by the plains pipeline outage. Next, will cover market capture on Slide 12, our worldwide realized margin was $9.41 per barrel versus the 321 market crack of $12.77 per barrel, resulting in an overall market capture of 74%. Market capture is impacted in part by the reconfiguration of our refineries as it relates to our production relative to the market crack calculation. With 85% clean product yield for the quarter, we made less gasoline and slightly more distillate than premised in the 321 market crack. Losses due to secondary products were lower this quarter as the price differential between crude oil and lower valued products such as coke and NGLs narrowed. Feedstock advantage was somewhat higher than the third quarter, but still below average as crude differentials generally remained tight. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, outgoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. Lets move to Marketing and Specialties where we posted the solid quarter. Thanks to favorable global marketing margins. However, specialties saw reduced earnings on lower lubricants margins. The 2015 adjusted return on capital employed for M&S was 35% on average capital employed of $2.7 billion. Slide 14 shows adjusted earnings for M&S in the fourth quarter of $227 million, down $117 million from the third quarter. In marketing and other, the $93 million decrease was largely due to lower volumes in both domestic and international marketing, which decreased from the notably high margins in the third quarter. This was partially offset by the renewal of bio-diesel tax credits. Specialties adjusted earnings decreased to $29 million due to narrowing base oil and finished lubricants margins and lower finished lubricants volumes. On Slide 15, the Corporate and Other segment had an after-tax net loss of $117 million this quarter, an increase of $5 million from the third quarter. Net interest expense increased by $4 million primarily due to lower capitalized interest, while corporate overhead and other expenses were in line with the prior quarter. On Slide 16, we summarized our financial results for the year. 2015 adjusted earnings were $4.2 billion or $7.67 per share. Excluding negative working capital changes of $200 million, cash from operations was $5.9 billion. Capital spending for the year was $4.3 billion excluding the $1.5 billion contribution to DCP Midstream. Total shareholder distributions were $2.7 billion. At the end of the fourth quarter, our adjusted debt to capital ratio excluding Phillips 66 Partners was 25%. And after taking into account our ending cash balance, our adjusted net debt to capital ratio was 17%. The adjusted return on capital employed for 2015 was 14%. Moving to Slide 17, 2015 adjusted earnings were higher than 2014 as lower earnings from midstream and chemicals were more than offset by improvements from our refining and marketing and specialties businesses. We have an 11% increase in adjusted earnings, and adjusted earnings per share increased by $1.05 or 16%. Slide 18 shows cash flow for 2015. We began the year with a cash balance of $5.2 billion. Excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations was $5.9 billion. Working capital changes reduced cash flow by $200 million. In the first quarter, $1.1 billion in debt and approximately $400 million in equity was issued by PSXP. We also retired $800 million in Phillips 66 senior notes. During 2015, we funded $5.8 billion of capital expenditures and investments. This is  this included $4.3 billion of capital spend, including $3 billion in midstream and $1.1 billion in refining. We also distributed $2.7 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the year with 529 million shares outstanding. Excluding the DCP contribution, 61% of our available cash went to reinvestment and 39% to distributions. At the end of 2015, our cash balance was $3.1 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I will cover a few outlook items. For 2016, we expect full year turnaround expenses to be between $525 million and $575 million pretax. We expect corporate and other costs to come in between $480 million to $500 million. And we expect full year D&A of about $1.2 billion. In the first quarter in chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rates to also be in the mid-90s and pretax turnaround expense to be approximately $150 million. In corporate and other court, we expect after-tax costs to be between $120 million and $125 million. And companywide, we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. With that, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Faisel Khan from Citigroup is on line with a question.
Faisel Khan: Thanks guys. Good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon Faisel.
Faisel Khan: Just a couple of questions on the midstream projects, DAPL and ETCOP, given some of the partners look like they may need capital over the next couple of years as their cost of capital gets higher, I just want to understand would you be willing to take sort of a bigger interest in those assets if the opportunity present itself?
Tim Taylor: Yes. Faisel, its Tim. I think that with our partners on DAPL and ETCOP being exploring various options on that, I think our commitment is where we would like it to be at this point, but certainly we will consider that. Its all about what delivers the best value for us.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got it. And then you talked about in your prepared remarks, you are targeting a dividend growth rate of 10% for this year, I mean is that sort of locked in or is it there sort of a wiggle room if markets change or things become a little bit more dynamic?
Greg Garland: Yes. We said at least 10% and we raised dividend 12% last year. But I would say I think we will take a look at that obviously if the Board approve this too, but we had given guidance 3 years ago that we do double-digit increases in 14, 15 and 16. We stand by that guidance.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Last question for me, in the Atlantic Basin you guys ran over 100%, throughput was strong and so was uptime. Is that  is this sort of a new set of reliability in the Atlantic Basin or is this an unusual circumstance where things just ran sort of at a higher level for the quarter?
Greg Garland: When you look at that remember, we just came out of a Humber turnaround, really came out of that in good shape, good clean refinery. So, I think that it reflects that. And then at Bayway, we continued to run a lot of processed inputs to fill out our downstream units in that facility. So, it was really good quarter. And I would anticipate to pick our obvious going market conditions that we continue to try to run as full as we can.
Faisel Khan: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Greg Garland: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays is on line with a question.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Just maybe, this is for Greg, with the changing market condition related to the market acceptance for the funding model in the MLP sector, how that is going to impact your way of the dropdown that I think previously that you have been looking for maybe up to $2 billion a year? I dont know whether that you have changed. And also that I mean from the CapEx that you spent $3.9 billion in dividend, about $1.3 billion with your cash flow from operations, you dont have much for the buyback. So, should we assume that you cant do much of the dropdown, you will correspondingly scale down your buyback or that you are going to increase your balance sheet to maintain the buyback in a certain way?
Kevin Mitchell: Well, okay, so let me kind of start with the question around the MLP. Certainly, we understand the question, Paul. As we look out there, there is a lot of stress in the space with people that are over-levered and we will have difficulty accessing the capital equity markets given their prohibitively high cost of capital. We look at PSXP, strong sponsorship, strong investment grade rating. You might even call this the dropdown type maybe, but a great portfolio of existing EBITDA that can be dropped. We have got these projects lined up in the queue that would imply that really add to that. And then you kind of look at where PSXP is trading kind of around 3, so I think the investors look at PSXP, they get the growth story, they understand the growth story. I think thats a confidence in our ability to execute that. And so we would say that we think the capital markets are going to be open to us in 2016 and our plan is to be out there in there. And you have got the number about right. We have kind of said kind of $2 billion a year that we need to be through the capital markets and the debt markets to hit this $1.1 billion of EBITDA in 2018 at the MLP. And so we standby that guidance and we stay there. We should generate $4 billion to $5 billion mid-cycle of cash. And you kind of add another $1.5 billion to $2 billion coming out of the MLP. So, I think we are fine in terms of funding our capital program and in terms of funding growing distributions through increasing our dividends. And we will have as long as our shares are trading below interesting value we are going to take shares in.
Paul Cheng: The second question Greg, on DCP, I mean you guys have that capital restructuring in the fourth quarter, but the market condition continued to deteriorate in that business. So, is there the possibility that later this year what does it do if there is any more debt being mature, do we need to do additional capital infusion into that or that you really is confident that you already fixed the problem at this point?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that the contributions by both SC and ourselves have gone a long way towards fixing the balance sheet issues at DCP. The other thing, you got to give the folks at DCP a lot of credit. They have done a great job of pulling cost out, restructuring contracts where they can in the portfolio. And so if you look kind of pre-2015 cash breakeven, we need about $0.60 to breakeven on cash on NGLs. And as kind of we exit 2015, we had moved that down to about $0.40 a gallon breakeven. And then the actions that are being further taken in 2016, we expect that the cash breakeven will be somewhere mid-30s. So, I think DCP is going to be fine in this environment that we are in for 2016. The other thing I would say is DCP doesnt have a debt due until 2019. DPM actually has one due in 2017, but DPM is in pretty good shape. So, I think our view is that DCP is on strong footing. We have purposely set them up for success in this low commodity price environment.
Paul Cheng: Do you want to say something about capital in DCP?
Greg Garland: The other thing is we havent really announced the capital, but DCP capital this year is going to be down about 50% from what it was last year. I think our share of DCP capital is about $233 million this year thereabouts give or take. So, we are continuing to manage capital at DCP, will be more cost taken out of DCP this year, more work around the restructuring of the contracts this year. So, I think they are in pretty good shape.
Paul Cheng: Can I have a final question, one last one?
Greg Garland: Sure.
Paul Cheng: If I look at why now you are investing a number of projects that you commit on the Midstream, so thats why your CapEx last year and this year for the total corporation are pretty high, 4.3 and 3.9. And if we base on you suggest that you are still targeting on the long-haul 60:40 between reinvestment and the payout to the shareholder. At 60%, if we say snap a $3 billion that would translate into a $5 billion cash flow. So from that standpoint, should we assume after the next 1 or 2 years, we should see your CapEx drop back down to us into the $2.5 billion to $3 billion range or when you say 60-40, you are also including those dropdown proceeds in the calculation?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, hello. Yes to both. I think capital probably does come down in the year. So, we have already said 15 will be a peak year for us. And so you see that coming down at PSX. You see it coming down at DCP. Also at CPChem, their capital budget for this year is going to be down about 20%. So, there will be a $1.45 billion will be our share of the CPChem capital for 2016. So, truly, I think 15 is a peak year for us. But yes, you need to add in the proceeds from the drops in the MLP to the cash and then think about that in terms of your total amount for distributions.
Paul Cheng: Alright, thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch is on line with a question.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I guess I will start with  can you hear me?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes.
Doug Leggate: Yes, sorry. I thought you couldnt hear me there. I will start with chemicals if I may. I think Kevin mentioned that there had been some downtime that looked to us that given your vertically integrated chemicals business has normally been somewhat resilient compared to some others a little bit weaker this quarter to us. Was it just the downtime in which case can you quantify the opportunity cost or is there something structural there you see is changing in this lower commodity environment?
Tim Taylor: Hey, Doug, its Tim. I looked at delta between Q3 and Q4 its about $90 million. I would say that about $50 million of that or so was compression in the margin in the olefins, polyolefins chain margin. And the other remaining amount was largely the impact of turnaround costs and then some impact from the volumes as a result of that.
Doug Leggate: Okay. So, are we done now or do we bonus spike in terms of operating activity in Q1?
Tim Taylor: Yes. So, I think we have got it to the higher operating rate in Q1 with that. These record turnarounds in polymer units, so there is always some of that, but generally volumes come back. The real question about the margins I think largely depend on where you think crude prices end up, but as prices fall and gas price doesnt fall as much and the ethane price, then you get some compression there. But I will say that we continue to see good demand. We dont see inventories building in that and that demand really is around the globe. So for us, we have been looking at the underlying fundamentals and still see the demand piece there. The moving piece really is going to be around the energy price and what happens. But barring a significant change, we would expect similar industry margins that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Doug Leggate: Tim, I dont want to labor the point, but you said the downtime, the turnarounds were in your polymer units. So would that mean that you didnt have the vertical integration benefit in Q4 that would normally have cushioned you a little bit?
Tim Taylor: Yes, if you are thinking about  when you dont have the pull on the [indiscernible] issue, you cant impact the total output on the total integrator between ethylene and polyethylene specifically.
Doug Leggate: And thats what I was getting at, right. Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. Discussing with chemicals for a second, so Sweeny is up and running now. I think your previous guidance was $400 million to $500 million of EBITDA. What does that look like in todays environment in terms of the contribution?
Tim Taylor: Export LNG terminal?
Doug Leggate: Right.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think that we are at lower end of that because there was some commercial opportunity. We have said about 80% fee based in that number. And so we are still in that range when you look at both the frac and the dock and the caverns and the services that, that provides. And then whats happened today, the orbs between the U.S. and other markets in the world are narrower. But I will also say that we see shipping constraints being alleviated. So I think we are kind of in flux about what the orb will ultimately be, but we still look at the market here and know that the NGLs need to find another home outside the U.S. So I think there are still fundamental drivers that will push that. And the real question is how much of the orb, do we have $100 million of the EBITDA from the orb or something different. But on the long-term, I think we feel there is going to be significant commercial opportunity as well as the fee base, but the primary driver on those projects, are the fees.
Doug Leggate: Last one for me, if I could follow Mr. Chengs lead to squeeze another one in. The heavy-light differentials obviously, spreads have come in from light crude. You guys are heavy relatively resilient, you made  you spend a lot of time telling us how much effort you are moving to maximize your light sweet crude throughput. What are you doing today and how much flexibility do you have to swing back if you chose to? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Yes. We talked a lot last year about how much more lights could we run. I think the main thing about our system is we have the ability to flex. I think even in fourth quarter, we probably had 3% more medium sours. We didnt run quite as much heavy sours because of turnarounds at Los Angeles and Lake Charles during the quarters we probably would have like to. We ran a little bit more Canadian heavy during the quarter. But yes, I think we have the ability to flex that. I think we are still on max gasoline mode, as you want to think about it that way. But I think the important spreads for us this year are going to be the light, heavy, the sweet sour and the TI-WCS spreads. I think Brent and LS can trade near parity. And its going to be a very volatile market. And things are going to move around in terms of the TI-Brent differentials. We just had to watch that.
Kevin Mitchell: Doug, actually have project to billings to continue to go to even heavier sour grades here that would improve and kind of capitalize on that light-heavy. And then at Wood River, we are doing some work around light sweet de-bottlenecking that will allow us push more heavies into that facility. So we are taking some incremental steps to increase our ability to handle heavy and medium sour crudes.
Doug Leggate: Thanks guys. We look forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks.
Greg Garland: Okay. Take care.
Operator: Roger Read from Wells Fargo Securities is on line with the question.
Roger Read: Yes. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess say a couple of the things we always like to talk about. Product exports, what are you seeing in that market here in Q1 and thoughts on where a lot of people are focusing on in terms of some softness in the diesel side?
Greg Garland: Well, I think globally just to comment on distillate inventories thats always something that we are watching. And clearly with the warm winter and less industrial activity seeing softness in that demand, we still expect growth on the distillate. On the export side of the U.S., we have the options to either place product in the U.S. or export and we just simply picked the best value at the time when we make that decision. But we still feel there is still good demand that when we look across the globe for both gasoline and distillates out of the U.S.
Roger Read: Okay, great. And then shifting gears to the Midstream segment, the new fractionator online, the export facility later this year, can you give us an idea how we should think about the impact of those two events as we look at the EBITDA guidance originally for those product  projects, kind of thinking Q1 this year probably to Q1 of next and whats the reasonable progress of how it works this way in?
Greg Garland: So the first step on those is the fractionator, relatively minor piece of that total $400 million to $500 million dollars EBITDA guidance that we gave. The next big step is later in the year when you really reach with the LPG export terminal, larger fee based component as well as some commercial opportunity. So smaller impact at the beginning and then towards  assuming that we start up on time in third quarter, in the fourth quarter, you begin to see full impact of that $400 million to $500 million.
Roger Read: And just quick follow-up on that, once export facility is available, is that something where you ramp to full utilization fairly quickly or should we think of that as a step process, I am not familiar with the  with those type of units, so I am just wondering what the expectation should be?
Greg Garland: Well, we are connected both to our fractionator and its  say its 150,000 barrels a day equivalent initially. Roughly 40,000 or so of propane comes off with our new frac. And then we are connected to Mont Belvieu and other facilities to supplement that. So it really is about getting the capacity in place, the commercial agreements and then you have got the capacity to not only take the output from our frac but also supplement that with feeds out the NGLs system on the Gulf Coast. I think we said we would expect about eight cargoes a month coming through the terminal. And I would say we have made great progress on contracting those eight cargoes.
Roger Read: And has margin on that been affected at all by the change in pricing or is that  I mean is it just more tariff related we dont have to worry as much about the lower prices today?
Tim Taylor: The tariff impact has been where we thought in terms of the fee. Thats about 80% of that. What is narrower today is the commercial opportunity, although we expect that to widen again with shipping constraints removed and as markets begin to collaborate, you establish that.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil is on line with a question.
Blake Fernandez: Hi guys, good morning. Greg, you mentioned max gasoline mode and I guess historically, we have always viewed PSX as having the kind of one of those the highest distillate yields. And thats been an advantage until just recently where the markets shifted in favor of gasoline. Are there any opportunities that you are looking at to maybe reconfigure or change your opportunities to kind of capture some of the gasoline strength that we have been seeing?
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. At the margin, I think we ran 44% gasoline in the fourth quarter and thats  I think that cushion the maximum what we can do, like...
Blake Fernandez: Okay. So there is no capital investment projects or anything that you are evaluating?
Tim Taylor: We do have a project that we have authorized at Bayway to improve the yield on the FCC there that would incrementally add some volume to that. And as we go around our system, we are looking at that, but those take a bit longer because they are capital. But I think as Greg said, in terms of optimization today, we are doing all we can to push that, given where the market is today.
Greg Garland: I think FCC upgraded Bayway 2018. Yes.
Tim Taylor: So we are a couple of years out on that project, but we are executing it right now.
Blake Fernandez: Got it, okay. The second one, this may go nowhere quickly, but I will ask it anyhow. So Buffet continues to increase his stake holding. And I am just curious what, if any dialogue you are having and any sense of what the longer term intentions are?
Greg Garland: You are right, its going nowhere. We dont comment on conversations with shareholders. Thats a good question though.
Blake Fernandez: Fair enough. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse is on line with a question.
Ed Westlake: Hi there. Good afternoon. Congrats on everything you have achieved last year and looking forward. Question on the risk, really in the Midstream area I mean obviously oil prices, gas prices are low. Volumes are going to be coming down across the piece. So just maybe give us a  I dont if you have done an assessment of volume and counterparty risk, I am thinking less about your new projects, which obviously you spend a lot of time working on, but more maybe in some of the legacy and DCP area?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that we look across the DCP portfolio and 90% of this is kind of investment grade. So I think that they have good counterparties on the other side of that. As we think through the volume risk side of it in the portfolio, we think from Permian is probably going to do a little bit better. We think DJ is going to do pretty good. Scoop is going to do good. Eagle Ford is going to decline as we think across that. And so I would say just from a pure volume metrics perspective, we are probably going to be flat to maybe slightly lower in 16 at DCP. We think that gasoline demand is going to be good. We think distillate demand is going to grow although we have challenge inventories there. We think petrochemical demand is going to grow. So on balance as we think across the portfolio, Midstream kind of flat to down at DCP. Of course we are going our Midstream is what we are doing with the frac coming up export facility, Bayou Bridge, Dapple coming on late 16. So we will see increased volumes in the transportation segment there, that flow through and then we think petrochemicals be okay. Tim, if you want to add on that?
Tim Taylor: I think that really is. And I think we are looking at the macro environment with the production breaking over the U.S., there is not going to be a lot of extra volume drive through that. And so I think this is a question of how much decline occurs around that. We do think the gas markets will continue to have a pretty good pull. And thats a piece of what underlies DCP as well. And so to this point, we have not been concerned. And I think to reiterate the counterparties on our midstream business look very solid.
Greg Garland: You might just talk a little bit about our view and what that does to PSXP and the investment portfolio that we are thinking out 2018 and beyond.
Tim Taylor: Yes. To-date, we have done  we expect on the NGL chain major crude line with DAPL ETCOP related to kind of new production, good counterparties, solid volumes on that on the T&D side. But as we go forward and as we look at our portfolio, I think that we are shifting our attention to things that support our refining business logistically that touch existing midstream assets or add value perhaps just the chemicals value chain. So, we are shifting more to the downstream, the demand side as we think about the midstream options versus a heavy focus initially on that upstream part of that.
Greg Garland: So, less on production growth and more around liberating higher returns in our existing assets.
Ed Westlake: Okay, fair enough. And then just a smaller point, your refining turnaround expense, I mean I thought it would maybe come down a bit this year. I mean, its still a healthy chunk, maybe just talk through what the key plans are on the refinery and turnaround side for this year?
Kevin Mitchell: From an expense side, Ed, we actually spent quite a bit less in 15 than we originally planned. And so the outlook for 16 is somewhat higher than we have previously talked about. So, that reflects just the timing of some of the activity that ended up moving from 15 into 16. As you know, we dont give specific guidance on exactly what we are doing and when we give cost guidance for the upcoming quarter and the full year outlook on that.
Ed Westlake: Right, but its shifting, so we can look into that. Okay, thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, thats right.
Operator: Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research is on line with a question.
Paul Sankey: Good morning. Can you just update us on how the changes in oil price and the effects on the U.S. E&P industry are coming through from your point of view? I am particularly interested the toughest one for us is always the NGL market. Can you talk about the dynamics there? And if there is shift in where supply is coming from shifts in the oversupply? And then update us on how you are getting on with the exports, which I think you have partly done, but it would just be interesting if you could give it from a more macro perspective? Thanks.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Paul, on the NGL side, we continue to see growth in the NGL supply, but there is no question that its going to be at a slower pace as we lookout. The other interesting thing is that there is a lot of ethane rejection today as the values dont pull it forward. So, I think as the cracker start off, there is going to be an influx of ethane, so to speak, into the NGL piece. But I think that certainly causes us some pause when we think about how large and how much increase beyond today we see in the NGL still see it, but probably not to the extent that we had seen a couple of years ago with all the E&P activity. On the export side, a lot of interest still in LPG cargoes for both petrochemical operations and heating markets, Asia, Latin America and even Europe. So, I think we are still seeing a lot of interest around the world as people look at alternate supply so to speak on both the fuels and petrochemicals side. So, as Greg mentioned earlier, lot of good progress on the contract side and just a lot of interest there that we are working to continue to look at.
Greg Garland: We look at the balances and we are going to be long propane. So, we think we are going to have to export propane to make everything work for the next few years in this country.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And  forgive me if you have given these numbers, but did you say how much gasoline and distillate you exported and how much of that maybe crude I dont know? Thanks.
Greg Garland: We have in the past. I dont know if we did for the quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: In the quarter, its like 122 for the quarter. And its the typical 80% distillate and 20% gasoline.
Paul Sankey: Okay. And again I guess I assume that the demand there is robust.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I would say demand is robust, but we have actually exported fewer barrels this year than we did last year and its because we have had better placement opportunities in the domestic markets.
Paul Sankey: Understood. And  yes, sorry, the crude export thing, does that make any difference? And I will leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Greg Garland: We will see. Taylor wants to answer the question. Yes, I dont think it really matters. I dont think you are going to see a lot of crude exports out of the U.S. I dont think the numbers work all that much. I think it probably caps the differential and you are not going to see the big blowouts that we saw in 13 and 14. But I think 16 is going to be a really volatile year and there is going to be times its just going to be hard to call what that differential is going to be. We think 4 to 6 long-term it ought to be in that. Its whats going to take the export barrels of crude out of the U.S.
Paul Sankey: Could create opportunities for us in Beaumont.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think the other way to look at that is we are, at Beaumont and even with Sweeny and Freeport we have options to capitalize when should they develop. But I think generally, our view is there is just kind of a balancing point today, where excess crude is trying to push in and then we have got local production here. So, I think it just narrows that dip at the coast. And I think thats going to continue. And I think thats a significant change from over the last 2 years.
Paul Sankey: Great, thank you very much.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Jeff Dietert with Simmons & Company is on line with a question.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Hey, you talked a little bit about shifting your organic growth away from meeting production needs towards maybe better integrating existing assets, what about the M&A, asset M&A, corporate M&A? Where does that fall in the pecking order?
Greg Garland: Well, certainly I think we look at everything thats out there. And we think about a build multiple versus a buy multiple. And as long as the build multiples are better, I think you will see us do that. But we will certainly take a look at what comes across and everything on there, Jeff, but...
Jeff Dietert: So, I had read that Whitegate maybe back on the market. Can you talk about the process there, if there is one and perhaps any other assets you may consider divesting?
Greg Garland: Here is what I am telling you that yes we are in the process in Whitegate. And we are kind of well into that process. So, we obviously cant talk about the specifics. But we have people that are interested. And so there is a list of people that we are going through with that asset. I think on balance thats the only process we have going on right now in terms of assets. People will get ask a lot about the West Coast in the U.S. And West Coast, as we have said, its an option on the future, but we have no current programs are  there is nothing on our way today in terms of the West Coast. Margins have been pretty good there last year or two and we have got good assets out there. We have got great people running those assets. And so, its an option on the future is the way I look at the West Coast.
Jeff Dietert: Got it. And finally as far as Sweeny Frac Two is concerned, should we think about that project just being on hold until drilling activity reaccelerates?
Greg Garland: Well, as you know, we pushed Frac Two FID from last year to this year. So, we are still doing engineering work on that and we will make a decision on that later this year, midyear, third quarter. But we wont proceed unless we get it fully contracted. And we are long NGL today, but its not fully contracted. So, we are not going to build a speculative frac.
Jeff Dietert: Got it. Thanks for your comments.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan is on line with a question.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon, Phil.
Phil Gresh: First question is just on chemicals given the compression of the gas to oil price ratio. As you look ahead, are you still considering a second cracker at this point? Would the economics work at this stage if we were to indeed stay at these types of levels?
Tim Taylor: Phil, its Tim. We continue to do engineering work. And again, I will reiterate this is a global view with a global business. North America still looks attractive long-term. And todays margins do work. Its obviously not the same return that we would have if it was $0.10 a pound better. So, I think that for us its really about continuing to meet the customer demand, the opportunity. And then structurally, our view of the long-term advantage on U.S. or Middle East relates to ethane cracking in the case of the ethylene chain, still to us has the greatest appeal and we think long-term, a competitive advantage. Although its less than it was, its still quite good by historical standards.
Phil Gresh: Okay. So is there a period of time in which you are trying to make a decision on the second FID or its really just kind of open ended at this point?
Tim Taylor: So doing engineering work, anything you start now puts it out post-2020. And I think we just continued to evaluate the options, sighting, permits, all those kinds of things to look at it here and then look at options that we might have available in other parts of the world as well.
Phil Gresh: Okay, got it. Second question is on the specialties business. You mentioned lower margins and the step down sequentially, would you say that the component of that is seasonal or do you think that thats more of a structural step down from increased competition in that business that we should think about as a more of a new run rate or maybe some combination of the two, how would you think about that?
Tim Taylor: Okay, a couple of things. You have a lag effect in that business on prices. So as prices come down, you tend to hold it and it catches up. And so I think this quarter, there was a piece of that, but if you think about finished lubricants price versus VGO feedstock into the base oil business. The one segment that we are seeing in the U.S. thats weaker is oil and gas, as you might expect. But generally, strong automotive business that when you are looking at whats going on in Detroit. And so our view is volumes are still pretty good this year versus last, not a lot of growth inherently in that business by the nature of it. But we are seeing nothing fundamental there. And I think we would say next year to us probably looks a lot like  for this year it looks a lot like last year in terms of how we look at the lubricants. But its a business we like, good returns. I think this quarter just had some noise around it. And I would also say that you can imagine customers dont particularly like to buy a lot when they see the price falling. So we dont see a lot of inventories building the chain, but they dont want to get caught on tight higher cost inventory. So there is always some effect when you see that in any quarter in which that occurs.
Phil Gresh: Okay, understood. Last question is just on the global gasoline supply demand outlook for 2016, where do you guys stand on that, because if we have global demand growth in the 400,000 to 500,000 barrel a day range, is there enough global supply to keep up with that and whats your view on gasoline cracks for this year?
Tim Taylor: Well, I think we are fairly well supplied today, but basically if just break the components, we would expect stronger gasoline growth globally than distillate. We are thinking its less than this year. But in total, the two probably in the million barrel a day range or so, with the two-thirds or so of that being on the gasoline side and the third really coming from the distillates. Clearly, distillate has more headwind I think because of the general economic conditions and less capital spend as you think about the distillate activity, whereas we still see a pretty strong consumer market around the world that pulls along gasoline and to some extent, the chemicals business as well.
Phil Gresh: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank is on line with the question.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon everybody. Maybe a couple  if I could ask one, you gave a little bit of color on Bayou Bridge and Dapple pipes, could you maybe give a little bit of more granularity in terms of the timing of ramp on each and maybe what the impact you are looking for both to distillates in your refining business or potential impact on differentials?
Tim Taylor: Yes. So lets start with the Bayou Bridge because its closest to being in service. So there are two segments. One is Nederland to Beaumont area over to our Lake Charles refinery and then from Lake Charles to St. James. That first leg to Lake Charles will be in service at the end of this quarter. And that will have some initial impact in terms of the Midstream earnings. And then later this year, we will complete the leg in St. James. So those are both underway, I think it clearly connects the Texas market with Louisiana. There is still a drive for that. That line is underwritten on the commitment side with T&D, so there has been interest in that on the refining side to get a new source of supply. And I think thats still a piece of what needs to happen. So I think that this continues to make crude options more available now to the Eastern Gulf versus what we have seen just really in the Western Gulf. If you look at DAPL ETCOP, the Bakken to Patoka, then Patoka to Beaumont, I think there is a pretty good call on Northern tier on the Bakken today. Again that line is underwritten with T&Ds but very good counterparties. And so I think you will continue to see when that comes in service at the end of this year, early next year, the ability to move those crudes then into the markets that want that and then ultimately, down into the Beaumont area as an option as well. And ultimately for us, we think DAPL ETCOP as a potential way to supply Bayway via the pipe and then around with the Jones Act tanker into Bayway to make it very competitive with the real option that exists from the Bakken to Bayway today. So I think its all about creating more options of the refining site for ourselves as well as others. And it does also, once you get the Beaumont creates the opportunity to export should that develop. So I think just a lot of good options. And thats I think that project we look at it is going to be  continue to be the lowest cost option to get Bakken to the markets that we are talking about serving.
Ryan Todd: Whats your expected cost from Bakken to the Gulf via that route?
Tim Taylor: We have not disclosed that. I think we just simply say its the most competitive, but its substantially less than rail. And we look at other piping system, its still a more effective way to move.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. And then maybe one final one, we have seen some of your peers talk about or actually invest in various ways  capital in various ways to address perceived octane shortages, whats your outlook on this regard and is there any interest or ability within the organization to invest  to address the shortages?
Greg Garland: I mean, we have some incremental opportunities that we are going to pursue. They are value creative, but they are small projects and they dont add a lot. We are looking at standalone LP and trying to see if that makes sense. On the other hand, I dont want to be the last one, if everyone else builds. There would probably be no reason for us to do it. So we will have to assess that against our other opportunities. The small incremental thing that we do this year and next year, they make a lot of sense and we will do those.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks a lot. I will leave it there.
Operator: Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets is on line with the question.
Brad Heffern: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my quests. Greg, I just wanted to go back to an earlier question around DCP, I mean I think you explained it a relatively well, but I was hoping you can put a final point on it. If you just take strip pricing, do you think DCP does not require any further equity injections?
Greg Garland: If you take current pricing, no. We dont expect. They have a balance sheet they can work from. They are working to get their cash breakeven down in the mid-$0.30 this year. So I think DCP would be fine in 2016.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. And then just curious talking about Santa Maria, I was curious if you had any update or timeline around crude sourcing there, obviously, its been impacted by Plains downtime?
Tim Taylor: So we have increased truck unloading at Santa Maria to mitigate that. We do run more process inputs at San Francisco to supplement. The pipe is still something we would like to see. So we continued to work on more trucks, other options. We would like to get the pipe back, but I think that is out somewhat based on permits and public and government acceptance of that. So I think we are is this mode for a while. And so we continue to look at new ways to get more options in there. But until we get that pipe back in service or an alternate, its harder to get the full volume that we need.
Greg Garland: The pipes in preferred route, but we dont control that. So I think the folks have been a great job of mitigating it, but its 20-25 today impact at Santa Maria. We probably cut that in half with trucks. And we have made up the volume metrics on process inputs at Rodeo, but obviously the margin delta is not as good.
Brad Heffern: Great. All of you there thanks.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have come to the end of the allotted time. I will now turn the call back over to Clayton Reasor.
Clayton Reasor: Well, thank you very much for your interest in Phillips and participating in the call today. You will be able to find a transcript of the call posted on our website shortly. And if you have got additional questions, dont hesitate to reach out to either CW or me, we would be happy to take your call. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mike and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Kevin, you may begin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and welcome to the Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material well be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. We had a strong quarter across all of our business segments. Adjusted earnings were over $1.6 billion or $3.02 per share. This represents a second best earnings quarter since our formation. Our global refining business ran well increasing utilization to 96% and capturing the benefit of strong market cracks. Our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries ran at 100% for the quarter. Refining also had its second best earnings quarter. Marketing earnings increased in the quarter reflecting continued strong gasoline demand. In midstream we are approaching the period were our growth project start to come online. Sweeny Fractionator One is almost complete and should start up by the end of the year. Our Freeport LPP export terminal is 60% complete its contract on budget and we expected to start up in the second half of 2016. The Dakota Access and ETCOP pipeline projects continue to make good progress and remain on schedule. Our master limited partnership Phillips 66 Partners remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy that we believe we will create value for both PSX shareholders and also PSXP unitholders. As we announced this morning our interest in the Bayou Bridge Pipeline project will be acquired by Phillips 66 Partners. Once complete this project is expected to provide consistent fee-based earnings and support of PSXP stated growth objective of a five-year 30% distribution CAGR through 2018. In September we announced our plan to contribute capital to DCP Midstream, provide additional support to the business during the current low commodity price environment. We expect that this cash infusion along with specters asset contribution will allow DCP to bring its credit metrics back in line and to support its growth objectives through the commodity cycle. We anticipate the DCP will be self-funding going forward. In chemicals CPChem offset lower cash chain margins by running at higher utilization rates during the quarter. Development continues on CPChem U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals project, which is now about 60% complete with start a planned in mid-2017, this project remains on track. We had another strong cash flow quarter generating over $1.4 billion in cash from operations. We use $1 billion of that cash flow on capital primarily to support midstream growth and maintain offer and integrity in our refining system. We recently announced our 2016 capital budget of $3.6 billion including $314 million PSX plans to spend our combined capital budget for 2016 will be $3.9 billion. As with this year the majority of growth capital will be spent on developing our major midstream growth projects. In addition, almost $400 million is being allocated capturing high return quick payout opportunities in our refining business. We also continue to return capital to shareholders. During the third quarter we returned nearly $700 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. In addition, we announced an incremental $2 billion the share repurchase authorization. To date weve completed $6 billion of the 9 billion in share repurchases authorized by our board and weve increased our dividend a 180% since May 2012. Before I turn the call over to Greg Maxwell to review this quarters results, I think its appropriate that we pause for just a minute and thank Greg Maxwell for 35 great years. He will be retiring at the end of this year; hes been a terrific CFO. Hes been a leader; hes been a mentor to just so many people in our company. Hes been a valuable part of our executive leadership team helping us to stand up a new company flawlessly and importantly to me hes been a great friend for 35 years. So, Greg thanks for all youve done for the company and helping to make this a great place to work and maybe just one more time take us through the numbers.
Greg Maxwell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone. Staring on Slide 4, third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.6 billion or $3.02 per share; reported net income was also $1.6 billion but does include several special items that we excluded from adjusted earnings. These special items negatively impacted earnings by $69 million and include $46 million in pension settlement expense, $22 million in assets and goodwill impairments and a $19 million contingency accrual. These items were partially offset by an $18 million gain on an asset sale. Excluding negative working capital changes of $33 million cash from operations was $1.5 billion. Capital spending for the quarter was $1 billion with approximately $700 million being spent in Midstream on growth projects and $200 million in refining. Dividends and share repurchases in the third quarter totaled $673 million which brings our total shareholder distributions for the year to nearly $2 billion. At the end of the third quarter our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio excluding Phillips 66 partners was 25%. And after taking into account our ending cash balance, our adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio was 12%. The annualized adjusted return on capital employed through the third quarter was 15% and excluding special items our adjusted effective income tax rate was 32%. Slide 5, compares third quarter adjusted earnings with the second quarter by segment. Overall quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were up $645 million mainly driven by increased earnings in refining and marketing and specialties. Next well cover each of the segments. Ill start with midstream on Slide 6, offering businesses within midstream improved their performance in the third quarter. Transportation benefited from higher volumes and lower cost while NGL margins improved due in part to propane and butane margins and seasonal storage. Included in the transportation and NGL results is the contribution from Phillips 66 partners. During the quarter, PSXP contributed earnings of $31 million to the midstream segment. DCP midstream continues to work on itself help initiatives to reduce costs, to manage portfolio and restructure contracts. Results this quarter were improved largely due to better marketing margins and higher volumes despite lower NGL and crude prices. In addition we completed the announced $1.5 billion capital contribution to DCP earlier this morning. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for this segment was 5% based on an average capital employed at $6.1 billion. The return for this segment continues to reflect the impact of lower commodity prices on DCP Midstream results as well as increased capital employed driven by the significant growth investments we are making in our Midstream segment. Moving on to Slide 7, Midstreams third quarter adjusted earnings were $91 million up $43 million from the second quarter. Transportation earnings for the quarter were $77 million up $12 million from the prior quarter. Transportation benefited from increased equity earnings from the Explorer and REX pipelines due primarily to increased volumes. Transportation also benefited from lower costs. Increased earnings from our NGL business were driven by higher margins and inventory impacts. Adjusted losses for DCP Midstream were lower in the third quarter mainly due to improved marketing margins and a second quarter loss on the Benedum asset sale offset partially by lower commodity prices. Now turning to chemicals on Slide 8. The Global Olefins & Polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 94% and for SA&S they were negatively impacted by lower margins and lower volumes. The 2015 annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for our Chemicals segment remained at 21% and this is based on an average capital employed of $4.9 billion. As shown on Slide 9, third quarter adjusted earnings per chemicals were $272 million down from $295 million. In Olefins & Polyolefins the decrease of $6 million was largely due to second quarter insurance proceeds of $28 million and lower cash chain margins in the third quarter. This was partially offset by higher volumes and lower operating costs. Equity affiliate earnings improved as a result of higher margins. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings declined to $17 million on lower equity earnings and lower volumes. That equity earnings decrease was partially due to lower margins. Next, we turn to refining. Realized margins were $13.96 per barrel for the quarter driven by strong market conditions. Market capture increased from 62% to 72% in the quarter due to improved clean product differentials and lower losses on secondary products. This was partially offset by tighter crude differentials and our clean product configuration which yields less gasoline and more distillates then it is implied in the 321 crack spread. Refining crude utilization increased to 96% up from 90% in the second quarter and clean product yields were 84% consistent with our average system configuration. Pre-tax turnaround costs were $69 million as compared to guidance of approximately $120 million due primarily to the deferral of some plant maintenance in the future periods. The annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted cap return on capital employed for refining was 21% and this is based on an average capital employed of $13.6 billion. Moving to the next Slide. The refining segment had adjusted earnings of $1.1 billion up $448 million from the last quarter. Overall, the improvement this quarter was primarily due to higher clean product differentials and increased volumes. Adjusted earnings were higher than the second quarter in every region except for the Western Pacific. Atlantic Basin adjusted earnings benefited from lower controllable costs, better realized European margins and higher volumes resulting from the completion of the Humber turnaround early in the third quarter. The Gulf Coast region adjusted earnings were up from last quarter due to higher clean product differentials as well as increased volumes. The capacity utilization for this region was 100% in the third quarter. For the Central Corridor, we showed significant improvement due largely to higher margins from gasoline and secondary products, as well as wider differentials on Canadian crudes. This was partially offset by lower volumes due to turnaround activities at Ponca City and Wood River. And for the Western Region, we had a slight decrease in adjusted earnings due to lower margins and inventory effects. This was mostly offset by higher volumes. The lower margins are due in part from the continued supply impacts on our San Francisco refinery as a result of the plants pipeline outage. Next, we will cover market capture on Slide 12. Our worldwide realized margin was $13.96 per barrel versus the 321 market crash of $19.51 resulting in an overall market capture of 72% compared to a market capture rate of 62% last quarter. Our configuration allows us to produce roughly equal amounts of distillate and gasoline which reduced our realized margin relative to market as the gasoline crack was significantly higher than the distillate crack. Benefits from feedstock advantages were not high enough to fully offset the impact of secondary product losses despite fall in crude prices relative to coke and other secondary product prices. This was due primarily to tighter crude differentials this quarter. The other category mainly includes costs associated with RINs, ongoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. The $2.71 per barrel increase versus the second quarter was driven primarily by stronger product differentials and lower RIN prices. Moving on to marketing and specialties. This segment posted another strong quarter thanks to higher global marketing margins, record marketing volumes and continued strong margins in our lubricants business. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for M&S was 33% on an average capital employed of $2.9 billion. Slide 14 shows adjusted earnings for M&S in the third quarter of $344 million up $162 million from the second quarter. In marketing and other the $157 million increase was largely due to higher margins and both domestic and international marketing. Specialties adjusted earnings increased $5 million due to widening basal DGO spread. Moving on to corporate and other. This segment had after tax net costs of $112 million this quarter and improvement of $15 million from the second quarter. Net interest expense and corporate overhead decreased while other improved largely due to fixed assets write-offs that occurred in the second quarter. Next Ill talk about our capital structure. Consistent with prior quarters were showing our capital structure both with and without Phillips 66 Partners. As shown on the graph on the right, excluding partners we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt balance of $7.9 billion, an adjusted debt to capital ratio of 25% and a net to capital ratio of 12%. Slide 17 shows our year-to-date cash flow for 2015. We began the year with the cash balance of $5.2 billion and excluding working capital impacts, cash from operations was $4.1 billion. Working capital changes resulted in a net positive impact of $100 million. In the quarter we issued $1.1 billion in debt and approximately $400 million in equity at the PSXP level. We also retired $800 million in debt. Were funded $3.3 billion of capital expenditures and investments with $2.4 billion spent in midstream and nearly $800 million in refining. We also distributed $2 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of $14.5 million shares resulting in $533 million shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. And we ended the quarter with the cash balance of $4.8 billion. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Next Ill cover a few outlook items. For the fourth quarter in chemicals we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to also be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expense to be approximately $150 million, which includes the impact of maintenance activity that was delayed from the third quarter. This brings our full-year guidance on turnaround expense to approximately $550 million down from our original full-year guidance of $624 million to $675 million. In corporate and other we expect this segments after-tax cost to between $110 million and $120 million as we previously guided. And company-wide we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. We are revising our 2015 capital expenditure guidance to $5.8 billion this is up from $4.6 billion to reflect our expected capital spending of $4.3 billion plus we announced $1.5 billion cash contribution to DCP. With that well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward Westlake: Yes, good two questions. Firstly on the broader macro picture on demand, I mean chemicals margins have been doing pretty well. Dow was saying that they think actually utilization is going to get tighter over the next few years despite everything we hear out of China and fears about the global economy. So maybe just some comments on what you see on chemicals then Ive got a follow-on midstream?
Tim Taylor: This is Tim. I think we look chemicals and the utilization rates continue to be fairly good. We don't see excessive inventories at the converter level. And were continuing to see good demand in Asia and across the system globally. So I think our view is demand is good. China is particular interest I think largely because of the reported numbers that what we see on both fuels and chemicals tells us that the consumer side of China is doing very well. So our view is supply demand on the basic petrochemical will probably likely continue to tighten. But offset somewhat with the narrow differentials spread between ethane and naphtha, which keeps the cost advantage in the Middle East and the U.S. still there but narrow then it was a year or two ago.
Edward Westlake: Thanks very clear. And then obviously NGL fracs are awful. You've got a big frac export complex coming up next year with I think guidance of $400 million to $500 million which I think that the frac is the smaller part and then the export. So are you still comfortable with that sort of a reasonable range or do you need to see some commodity price improvement to hit that kind of number?
Tim Taylor: Our guidance is still the $ 400 million to $500 million. The frac should start up later this year with the LPG terminal hitting in third and fourth quarter of next year. And these, again our fee-based commitments in large part on both the terminal and the frac that are supported by TNB agreements so it gives us some assurance around that piece. The variable piece really comes in terms of the market capture between the U.S. export price and the international markets on the export that are still open today. And so I think that's the one piece of the - that why we give guidance of the $400 million or $500 million.
Edward Westlake: Thanks, very clear.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays is on the line with a question.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: First of all, just want to say thank you to Greg. We appreciate to have you over the last several years. Congratulation on retirement. I hope you have a lot of fun.
Greg Maxwell: Thank you, Paul.
Paul Cheng: And I think I have two questions. On the MLP sector its no secret that evaluation have dropped a lot over last several months. Also U.S. onshore production has been in decline since probably April. Some of your peers in the MLP size start to suggest that the industry may have over invested in some area of infrastructure. I guess the question is that do you agree with those assessment and that's the recent change in the market environment that in any shape or form alter your view about your pace of the investment in the area of the dropdown pace, what are the M&A opportunities?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think we agree broadly that yield structure has moved in the MLP space. We kind of reiterate our guidance and standby $1.1billion of EBITDA by 2018 will be at the MLP level, we feel pretty comfortable with the $2.3 billion of EBITDA we gave at your conference earlier this year, Paul as you think about it, but $1.9 billion that is either existing or projects under construction so the additional $400 million half of that probably come from frac, which to - which were going to FID 2016, we go really good about that. The balance of thats going to come from other NGL refined projects that we have in the portfolio. So Id say first of all we feel good about the $1.1 billion getting into the MLP by 2018. Other thing I think about to is I think high quality MLPs I think of the pairing of PSX and PSXP strong balance sheet, strong portfolio, existing EBITDA can be dropped. We have a great suite of organic projects that we think are really good projects that well bring forward and execute well on. So we think investors will like that story and continue to want to be part of that story going down the road. And then we look at our cost of capital PSXP today is trading 3% lets say and we look at the returns on the projects we have in the portfolio thats a very attractive spread enabling us to create substantial shareholder value. So I would say we are watching whats going on in most P space with interest, but we think we have a strong story that investors going to like.
Paul Cheng: How about the pace of the job done I think that youve been talking about $2 billion a year given the market condition, do you still think that that's doable or that at least for the immediate future that you probably go for is at slower pace?
Greg Garland: I think we are on track, we are on pace. I mean to achieve the one, one youve kind of nailed the number that we need to do. We said its going to be lumpy and as we go through the period, but on average thats about what it will be.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And final one from me. Have you seen any slowdown in the export market for gasoline and diesel and also that based on your network, you wholesale network in the U.S. what kind of a gasoline or diesel growth rate that you may be seeing? Thank you.
Greg Garland: Kevin, why dont you take that?
Kevin Mitchell: Paul, I maybe address the market question first. I think as weve look out to the year that 3% or so growth in gasoline is very consistent with what we see. The global demand is up as well with particularly strong growth in Asia on the gasoline side. Weve had good placement opportunities in the U.S. in the last several quarters and Id say that the export markets are there particularly on the distillates side for the U.S. to export to and so that presents a nice option for us as we think about how do we optimize product values in our system.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Hey, good afternoon guys. I wanted to congratulate Kevin as well and wish Greg the best, it sounds like more time for the GreenAg in 2015 Greg.
Greg Garland: Thank you, Evan.
Evan Calio: My first question on refining, your earnings were over $1 billion or $400 quarter-over-quarter, last time over $1 billion and refining was in 3Q of 2012 when differentials were meaningfully higher. Can you elaborate on the factors that contributed to the quarter besides lower turnaround activity, because I know that over the past two years you had every turnarounds and reliability issues [indiscernible] and alliance. Just wondering if we should assume that these results indicate some of those problems are behind you?
Greg Garland: We ran very well so we are up 130,000 barrels a day on the crude side so six point improvement in utilization rate and I think that speaks to the fundamentals on that. And I would say that the product side has been the part that really help the refining complex, so its really a view I think for the demand side and the strength of that and then that support staff. I would say gasoline, our view would be - will continue to be strong obviously with some seasonal effects, but literally from our perspective a strengthening market with this kind of price structure on the crude side. Distillate remains weaker, but still able to capture that, so I think the story has been around the market improvement running well and those two combine do that. Weve also have an investment program to structure improved refining with some of the high return projects with the billings crude, optimization project, increasing the capability of our FCC at Bayway and other kinds of projects like that that will structurally add to our target of another $850. We have $850 million of EBITDA growth through 2018 so its a combination of self-help, running well in a good market conditions. So I think thats our view of how weve continue to contribute to our higher structure.
Evan Calio: Thats helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations to everybody on the - I guess well call them future roles even for you Greg. Just like to get in a little bit follow-up on couple of the questions have been asked. On the MLP side, obviously the question about dropdowns some challenges in that space. Do you look at it as something you be willing to do more on the acquisition side I wasn't clear from the answer earlier if that was a possibility. And I'm thinking more the traditional fee-based assets not some of the more assets here exotic I think things weve seen.
Greg Garland: Well, I think in terms of acquisitions the PSXP level we look at everything thats out there. I think we feel pretty strongly that our organic profile that we have where we can essentially build something for seven and trade up into a higher value creates more value for both unitholders and for shareholders of PSX. But we saw something out there we thought added value for both PSX and PSXP unitholders then I think we would be one to consider that.
Roger Read: Okay that helps. And then in the refining side of the business as youve mentioned in prior calls and in this one you have a higher distillate yield in a typical crack spread would indicate. Gasoline demand clearly growing faster than diesel demand excuse as we look at recent past and I think kind of the expectations here in the near-term future. Is there anything you would do to change your gasoline diesel yields as we look into the summer of 2016 or maybe another way of asking it what is it that you can change on the yield side and that kind of the short timeframe?
Greg Garland: First of all, we're running max gasoline have been all years I think were about 41% gasoline and 38% distillate. So typically we would run it the other way around 41% distillate. So were run in max gasoline today, some of the projects that we have the Tim mentioned that both billings and also Bayway are around yields in improvement and so we are prior makes more gasoline and more distillates out of those projects, but at the margin thats what we will do we are not going to make just big investments to try to chases at this point in time. Given we think we have better opportunities in midstream in chemicals.
Roger Read: Okay so near-term no particular additional flexibility on the gasoline volumes or diesel.
Greg Garland: No.
Roger Read: Okay thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: The next question is from Blake Fernandez with Howard.
Blake Fernandez: Guys, good morning and nice results today also offer congratulations to both Greg and Kevin. I had question on DCP, I think the comment was made that you believe it will be self-funding go forward. I am just curious if you can offered to - did that contemplate the current environment or is that just an anticipation that the current cash infusion and then the more stable revenue stream should kind of get you through this difficult pattern and move to more normalized market.
Greg Garland: I think thats the answer that we would give you clearly you know as were delivering the balance sheet interest expenses going to go down. DCP is done a great job in terms of reducing costs you know reducing capital spend there also that I would say you know they're working hard to cover further third of the equity linked and from present of proceeds essentially to fixed fee. And so you kind of roll all that together and it kind of moves there breakeven from say mid-65% range down about where we are today. So I think we feel pretty good about that.
Blake Fernandez: Okay thanks. And then one follow up if I think you pretty tackle the midstream outlook and I understand fully thats you got the dropdown potential but I guess what I am wondering is there as you kind of digest the current assets that are being constructed is there potential to maybe reduced the amount of capital spending there on a go forward basis I guess what I am asking the total CapEx of $3.6 billion does that - move down as we progress toward 2017, 2018, 2019?
Greg Garland: We dont like to give guidance quite that far out, I think we are going to be in the $2 billion a year range in midstream through that that period of time. So the things we have in-flight today are pretty clear to see as you start thing about 2018, 2019, 2020 I would say there is probably reshuffling of the project deck and you will see is more NGL more refined products, more crude things right around our existing assets as we sort through where the drill bits going to go, but I mean our view consistently remains by 2017 and 2018 that really sort itself out and we are probably not $50 crude environment but we are probably not $100 but somewhere $60, $70, $80 in that range. And so I think that one sent drilling and we will see a pickup of infrastructure back on that side. I think our base view at this point we have the juice in our portfolio so to speak thats going to push us through that period of time.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Hi, guys I am back. Sorry, maybe operator is short.
Greg Garland: Welcome back.
Evan Calio: So my second question was on - if I look at the 2016 CapEx guidance, I know your midstream is down 924 and then PSX is up can you elaborate on the shift there? And I presume as, I presume as you move forward, you did expect PSX would take on more projects versus kind of building PSX and dropping them down to PSXP?
Greg Garland: I will take a stab and Tim can follow-on, there is the question why we said many times and we want to get PSXP to scale. So they can start doing its own organic investments Bayou Bridge was a great opportunity to give PSXP a great organic project and so I think what time you will see us try to grow that ability to do organic products at PSXP, there is no question, we think that makes a lot of sense. Were still willing to incubate projects at top and take them as it makes sense. Frac is a great example $1 billion plus investment thats a little big for PSXP today. But in the future well do more and more organic there.
Tim Taylor: I just think, Evan, that having a sponsored MLP lets just tackle much bigger, stronger projects that ultimately can be tested for the MLP and as Greg said we plan to continue to do a nice amount of organic growth at PSXP and as that business grows, hopefully we get more of that spending gap at that level which really accretive for the partnership.
Evan Calio: Thanks, guys. Ill leave it there, thank you.
Tim Taylor: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Good afternoon guys and again Greg let me add my congratulations. But I do think I am the only analyst - Kevin congrats on flying the flight to the homeland. I got a couple of questions if I may. So, Greg just going back to Paul earlier question about MLPs. So the multiple compression were seeing on the MLP market I think you said in the past that your investments really need about a seven to eight times, CapEx is about maybe seven plus times - back typically, so you need a higher multiple in that to really get the line of sight on the dropdowns. Do you think you can still achieve that in this market or does it may be slow the pace a little bit until things improve?
Greg Maxwell: No. There's a reason for us to slowdown. I mean we look at the yields where were trading today, we feel very comfortable Doug.
Doug Leggate: Okay, all right, so no change in strategy. I guess the kind of related question is really is I wanted to revisit something you said when the Company was separated from Conoco to begin with. And that was that you really had no interest in expanding our building out and you wanted to diversify but you clearly doing great. But refining has been very strong Im just curious if strategically your views have changed any of if you still very much on the opinion of taking a windfall and moving into these other business?
Greg Maxwell: I think there is some great deals that have been done out there by some of our peers. And so for the right opportunity we would never say never, I would reiterate we look at the portfolio investments that we have both in midstream and chemicals. And we still think there's value and preferentially investing in those higher valued higher returning businesses over the refining business. And so well continue to watch that but there is nothing on the horizon today that we look and say we can increment a lot of value for shareholders by doing that in the refining space.
Doug Leggate: Okay, and then I can squeeze in last one actually more of housekeeping issue - you want to take this but the capture rate in the Mid Continent clearly very, very strong this quarter. I am just wondering if you can point to anything in particular that was behind? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
Tim Taylor: Okay, thanks. Doug, its Tim, really it just reflected our ability to place products in the high valued markets in the Mid Cont. So we were able to capture a significant uplift versus the group three averages that we used as a benchmark.
Greg Garland: We see a little bit as well.
Greg Maxwell: Yes, and we had heavy disk that helped us, yes they were up five bucks, so that was helpful to and ran pretty good.
Doug Leggate: Thanks everyone.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Greg Maxwell: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Maxwell: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: It looks like with some the most recent capital spending plan, we are going to have the second year of declines in capital spending on the upstream side for the first time since the 80s, U.S. production declined for the fifth month in a row in BOE stats today at Gulf of Mexico and Canadian production continue to grow. Could you talk a little bit about how this evolving market is impacting your crude procurement strategy and maybe talk a little bit about how you see differentials playing out going forward?
Tim Taylor: Hey Jeff, its Tim. So Id say that we look at this and say this is a great time for options on crude so the infrastructure projects that we talked about that trade options around our refined network have a great deal of value and obviously we can balance the import versus the inland production and the heavy light. So I just think we are into a period with that optionality is going to be a key value contributor and thats where some of our mid-stream spending is going as well to really support that drive commercial value. And Value Bridge is a perfect example where we connect the Texas side to Louisiana to offer more crude options with the terminal that can import and export so just a lot of dynamics, but thats the kind of things that we are going to capture that. On this side I think the light heavy dip is likely to stay to a point where that's an attractive options, we think about it. I think the call on lights in the U.S. refining system like crude has increased and its production falls over thats going to continue to keep that relatively snug. So I think that this will be volatile as you work in the U.S., as you work through both the import and inland production, but I think it speaks to probably a bit narrower WTI-Brent as that shakes up a clearly a period where I think its going to move a lot from a month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. So thats kind of thesis that we are seeing and I think if you look at the market there you see that playing out right now.
Jeff Dietert: Secondly, if I could you mentioned the product exports were down quarter-on-quarter, because of the stronger domestic demand. Are there any specifics you can share with regard to what you're seeing on the demand side, is it due to any specific actions on your part to access additional markets?
Tim Taylor: Well, I think again it goes similar to the crude story, weve a lot of options on the placement side with our pipeline network and marine options in the U.S. and so we literally try to optimize a net back around each location that we have and so we were able to access some of those higher valued options as weve looked around the system to do that. That said I think exports will remain an important dimension to keep high utilization rates in the U.S.
Jeff Dietert: Congratulations Greg and Kevin. Thanks for your comments.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: Or good afternoon. So Greg congratulations on the announcement, Kevin congratulations on the new opportunity. So on the quarter the retail segment really stood out here really outstanding in terms of volume capturing and margins. How sustainable do we think this is and anything idiosyncratic that you think you should carry forward here in terms of what's happening on the marketing in the specialties business I should say?
Tim Taylor: Most of that increases - its Tim. Most of the increases is really on the marketing side of our business I would call the wholesale side, obviously its a phase to our markers to the retail side, so strong demand has really translated into some opportunity to put better margin there. And then in a period when you have falling prices you're able to capture more of that market, because rack prices tend to lag at the stock price. So there is an element as price movements occur that you can go plus, minus on that, but then structurally the stronger demand picture helps that pricing as well.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And then on the chemical side, is there an opportunity here to take on incremental leverage at CPChem and use that as a dividend up to the parent?
Tim Taylor: Well, we certainly took that opportunity this last year we put $1.4 billion debt against CPChem. Thats a decision we take between ourselves and our partner in that, but certainly there is more capacity at CPChem if the owners decided that best warranted.
Neil Mehta: All right guys, congrats again.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks and I'll join in congratulating Greg and Kevin as well. Maybe just a couple of quick housekeeping type ones. Turnaround outlook you had great 3Q run 4Q looks good. Any thoughts in terms of kind of the first half of 2016 what you look like the turnaround point of view I guess both PSX specific and maybe the industry as well?
Greg Garland: Yes, I would say next year 2016 we go back to more normal type turnaround. This is 2015 was abnormal for us. We had a lot of turnarounds going on this year. This is the way schedule hit, but yes, more of a historical turnaround year in terms of expense.
Ryan Todd: Okay thanks and then maybe just one last one I guess you addressed earlier the potential to deploy or questions around deploying additional capital and refining versus other businesses but if you think about the portfolio as well there was recent out there I guess on the like refinery. On the flip side when you look across your refining portfolio is there any - is there the possibility of further rationalizations across the business or you pretty content with the portfolio look likes right now?
Greg Garland: Well, I dont think our view around portfolio have changed over what we've been saying so you know we always said the Whitegate is probably an asset that we will do something with ultimately. Interesting enough Atlantic basin margins very strong this year and Whitegates has actually been performing quite well in this environment. But longer-term its a relatively small refinery and what we think is the challenge market we continue to think of the California has been [indiscernible] just one of those things that you know long-term we think California is a difficult market we think that certainly our assets our average in that marketplace, but it costs us nothing to hold the option there and will continue to do that we are pleased with the performance of those assets, this year in 2015. So you know you think around the portfolio weve done most of the heavy work around the refining portfolio at this point time I would say.
Ryan Todd: Great thanks gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Gresham with JPMorgan.
Phil Gresham: Hi, Greg.
Greg Garland: Hi, Phil.
Phil Gresham: First question on CPChem with the projects, is that wiggle room to coming under budget at this stage you think on the first cracker and when - if and when you do second cracker. When you trying to make a decision by?
Greg Garland: Let Tim take that one.
Tim Taylor: I think Phil our view is that were still looking at the cost we talked about in those crackers. We are not seeing any kind of extraordinary inflation rate thing, but we are about over 50% complete on that and so we still have some room to go. So our view is it still going to hit about what we expect with over $6 billion investment startup in mid-2017, still like the project. As far as the second cracker goes, were still doing development work. So its kind of things like site selection, derivatives play, those kind of things continue to advance that. And I could think about it when you look at it today, these were typically six, seven year project cycle. So that would say FID but you still some period out in the future. But overall it would be look push 2020, 2021 at the earliest and we have flexibility in the timing. But we still like North America, as we think about the NGL supply, we still like the North American side is one of those options. But I will also tell you that we continue to look at cracker sites around the world and we plan to continue to try and not try - we plan to continue to growth that business to match the market growth that we are seeing.
Phil Gresham: Okay. One question for Greg on cash balances. I think in the past youve talked about like a minimum cash balance in that $2 billion to $3 billion range. I just wondering with a lower oil prices etc. cetera, if that cash balance that minimum cash balance requirements has change it off. And then Ill make sure to ask Kevin next time.
Greg Maxwell: Okay, this is Greg. As we looked at we initially when we came out of the spend, we said some neighborhood of $2 billion to $3 billion as we continue to work with our capital structure. I think we could probably easily stay within the $1.5 billion range as long as we have access to the commercial paper markets and use our revolvers as the backstops. As weve continue to sort of get our feelings after the spend and everything. I would say $1.5 billion is probably a decent number to look at.
Tim Taylor: Nice target you leave for Kevin.
Phil Gresham: I just going to ask one last question on the $400 million to $500 million EBITDA guidance target for the two midstream projects, what kind of timeframe do you think you'd be able to achieve that, given that there is a market element to that EBITDA, I mean do you feel confident that you did a full run rate in 2017 or just generally how you are thinking about that?
Tim Taylor: Yes, so in 2016 well start you know well have the frac that's a fee-based asset with supplies taking care of the output is placed with that one. On the LPG export terminal that starts up at the end of 2016. So we would expect over toward mid 2017 or so that we should hit that run rate EBITDA with the variable being really the commercial risk contribution piece that's got some variability but a large piece of that is fee-based as well. So its a 150,000 barrel a day just a reminder, 150,000 barrel a day of LPG export.
Phil Gresham: And would you say the commercial piece of that will be somewhere 100 to 200 range?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think thats a decent kind of number to think about that on the risk side.
Phil Gresham: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And the next question is from Brad Heffern with RBC.
Brad Heffern: Good morning, everyone.
Tim Taylor: Hi, Brad.
Brad Heffern: I guess to its a beat the dead horse a little bit more on midstream obviously you said that the dropdown schedule is still in tax no real change to the - how you are thinking about that? Has there been a change in terms of how you think about the funding side of it? Is one of the levers that you might pull funding it more internally taking PSXP shares back, may be doing internal financing rather than PSXP raising capital on its own in order to finance this dropdown?
Tim Taylor: We don't think that the PSXPs access to the equity capital markets are going to be impaired. So I think our plan going forward is still kind of half debt, half equity at PSXP to fund it.
Brad Heffern: Okay, great. And then earlier you mentioned that frac one at $1 billion was too big for PSXP to tackle. I am curious on frac two given that a lot of spending is pretty far out. Is that something that PSXP could take on organically rather than being incubated at PSX?
Tim Taylor: No, probably not, we will do that one up top and drop it.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks.
Greg Maxwell: Take care.
Operator: And your next question comes from Faisal Khan with Citigroup.
Faisal Khan: Hi good morning or good afternoon, its Faisal.
Greg Maxwell: Hey.
Faisal Khan: Greg, congratulations on your retirement, our team here certainly appreciates your insights into the business since the company was spun off. Few questions, just on your prepared remarks you talked about how the Western - the refining complex on the West sort of underperformed because of an outage on the pipeline. And can you elaborate a little bit more on that, because obviously gasoline margins were high sequentially quarter-over-quarter and it seems like maybe there was something on the crude side that I didn't quite get in the prepared remarks?
Greg Garland: Meanwhile to answer your question is probably about 20 a day of crude that we just couldnt into the facility to run and that probably translates to about $20 million, $22 million or something in that range. And of course we try to do the work around, but the ultimate solutions for the pipe to get back in service so that we can get the right kind of crude in the Santa Maria, but I think that was the biggest impact that we saw in terms of our West Coast operations.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got it. And just going back to marketing just want to understand the strong performance of marketing a little bit too. I believe you guys have some excess capacity on Keystone within that business and then there's the exports of course and then a retro also this issue in the Rhine River had any impact on or sort of benefit in the quarter for marketing margins?
Greg Garland: Really the Keystone is part of our refining earnings in terms of any excess space we have and the ability to capture additional value from that standpoint so its not really the sale of clean products. Thats a crude system that we put into really the refining piece of the business and I did not see anything unusual from our perspective with the Rhine and accept to say that European fuel margins were better than the New York harbor. So to the extent that have an impact that may have been the only place where Id see the uplift from that.
Faisal Khan: Okay. And then on the midstream capital spending I appreciate the details on 2016, if I look at a lot of those projects a lot of your assets come online sort of during the course of next year. And so I just want to go back to the remark you made that you still think youll spend kind of $2 billion even beyond that a year at midstream. Im just trying to understand where that will come from is that going to be value bridge or is there something that will be above and beyond the assets you have online in 2016?
Greg Garland: Yes, I mean we plan the FID Frac Two in 2016 and of course the LPG export terminals start rolling off and one kind of rolls off this year. Than we were not quite a bit worried, and youve got to finish up dapple, at topline weve got the value bridge that we are looking at which will be funded at PSXP partners of course now after today, but there's is actually quite a bit of other projects we have around Beaumont in terms of access both crude side and product side that we are working that well hear more about in 2016. Tim if you want to add anything on that.
Tim Taylor: No, there is just a host of projects has put infrastructure around our network as well that are just much smaller, so there is a large once there that are coming on and then as we continue to go there is a nice steady stream of smaller incremental projects that are good returns that increase both fee based nature in the midstream and then we capture commercial value in our refining and marketing business.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got you. And one last question from me, you talked about the deferred maintenance during the quarter. When would you see sort of heavy maintenance schedule over the next several months, is that going to be sort of into the first quarter or are we going to see that here in the fourth quarter?
Greg Garland: I think youll see seasonally still be in the first quarter, fourth quarter and maybe to reiterate on deferral. What we found is weve got much better catalyst performance this year than what we anticipated, it wouldnt allow us to run that longer before we need to come down to change out that catalyst and thats just makes good economic sense, its not around reliability or other issues in terms of some of the deferrals that weve had from 2015 into 2016.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got it. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: That was our last question at this time. Ill now turn the call back over to the presenters.
Greg Garland: Thank you very much for participating in the call today. We do appreciate your interest in the company. Youll be able to find a transcript of the call posted on our website shortly and if have any additional questions please free to contact Kevin or CW. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-01 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Le Ann and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, Vice President of Investor Relations. Kevin, you may begin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Le Ann. Good afternoon and welcome to the Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material well be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thanks for being with us today. We had a strong quarter. Adjusted earnings were $1 billion or $1.83 per share. Our refining, chemicals, marketing, specialties businesses all made significant contributions to our operating results for the quarter. Our global refining business includes the utilization of 90% and also benefited from strong market cracks. We safely completed a major turnaround in pipeline replacement at our Humber Refinery in UK on time and under budget. Our U.S. refineries ran at 95% utilization. Marketing sales volumes were up reflecting increased gasoline demand. Were executing well on our midstream growth projects. Sweeny Fractionator One is 90% complete. We expect mechanical completion this fall. The Freeport LPG export terminal is nearly 50% complete with expected startup in the second half of 2016. Both projects are on schedule and on budget. Our master limited partnership Phillips 66 Partners increased its quarterly distribution by 8% over the first quarter. We expect that Phillips 66 Partners will deliver a five year 30% compound annual distribution growth rate through 2018. Total general partner distributions to Phillips 66 continue to grow; were up 50% versus last quarter. DCP is an important part of our NGL value chain and it is one of the nations largest natural gas gatherers and processors. DCP is doing a good job. Theyre operating well. Theyre managing cost, the Lucerne 2 plant in DJ Basin came online in the second quarter. In chemicals CPChem benefited from rising cash chain margins and ran well during the quarter. CPChem also began operations of its 220 million pound per year normal alpha olefins expansion project at its Cedar Bayou facility in June. Construction continues on CPChems U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project which is now about 50% complete start ups mid 2017. The project remains on time and on budget. During the quarter we generated strong cash flow. We used 1.2 billion of cash flows to support midstream growth and to maintain operating integrity of our refining system. In addition compared to the first half of 2014 controllable cost are flat. We maintained our capital disciplined approach in terms to capital allocation. During the second quarter we returned over 600 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We increased our dividend 12% this quarter. We have completed 5.6 billion of the 7 billion in share repurchases authorized by our Board and since our formation weve increased our dividend 180%. With that Im going to turn the call over to Greg Maxwell who will go through the quarter results. Greg?
Greg Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning. Starting on Slide 4, second quarter adjusted earnings were $1 billion or $1.83 per share. There are two significant special items that are included in reported net income but excluded from adjusted earnings. First DCP recognized a partial goodwill impairment that negatively impacted our reported earnings by $126 million after-tax. The impact to this impairment was more than offset by the recognition of $132 million after-tax deferred gain that was related to the 2013 sale of the Immingham combined heat and power plant. Excluding negative working capital changes of $300 million cash from operations was $1.8 billion which included distribution from CPChem of approximately $800 million. We invested approximately $900 million on midstream growth projects and $300 million in refining. Through the second quarter dividends and share repurchases have totaled more than $1.3 billion which presents more than 70% of adjusted net income for the first half of the year. At the end of the second quarter our adjusted debt to capital ratio excluding Phillips 66 Partners was 26% and after taking into account our ending cash balance our adjusted net debt to capital ratio was 11%. The annualized adjusted return on capital employed during the second quarter was 13%, and excluding special items our adjusted effective income tax rate was 33%. Slide 5 compares second quarter adjusted earnings with the first quarter on a segment basis. Overall quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were up $168 million driven by increased earnings in refining and chemicals. Next well cover each of the segments in more detail. Starting with the midstream on Slide 6, our transportation business continues to be a source of stable earnings, included in the transportation and NGL results is the contribution from Phillips 66 Partners. During the quarter PSXP contributed earnings of $25 million to the midstream segment. DCP Midstream is addressing the challenges associated with the lower energy price environment and they continue to deliver on cost reduction targets while providing reliable service to their customers. Were continuing to work with our co-venture to evaluate alternatives to address DCP's capital structure. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for this segment was 5% and this is based on an average capital employed of 5.7 billion. The return for this segment continues to reflect the impact of lower commodity prices as well as increased capital employed due to the significant investments were making in Midstream. Moving on to Slide 7. Midstream's second quarter adjusted earnings were $48 million down $19 million from the first quarter. Transportation earnings for the quarter were 65 million. This is unchanged from the prior quarter. Transportation benefited from increased volumes offset by the benefit of a claim settlement in the first quarter. Our NGL business had lower earnings due impart to lower seasonal propane volumes. DCP Midstream had adjusted losses in the second quarter that were higher than the prior quarter and this is mainly due to asset sales which account for $11 million of the negative variance. Moving on to Slide 8. In chemicals the Global Olefins & Polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 91%, reflecting lower turnaround activity compared with the prior quarter. Both the O&P and SA&S business lines benefited from higher margins. The 2015 annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for our chemicals segment was 21% based on an average capital employed of 4.8 billion. As shown on Slide 9, second quarter adjusted earnings for chemicals were $295 million up from $203 million. In olefins and polyolefins the increase of $84 million was largely due to higher cash chain margins. O&P equity affiliate earnings improved as a result of higher sales prices as well as increased volumes due to the completion of turnaround activity in the first quarter. The segment also benefited from $28 million in insurance proceeds related to CPChem's 2014 Port Arthur ethylene plant outage. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings improved on higher styrene margins from CPChem's equity affiliates. Moving next to refining. Realized margins for the quarter were $11.70 per barrel largely driven by strong market conditions. Market captured decrease from 80% to 62% in the quarter due to our configuration which yields less gasoline and distillate than it is premised in the typical 321 crack spread in addition we saw tighter crude differentials along with higher losses on secondary products. Refining crude utilization increased from 90% from 84% in the first quarter and clean product yields were 84% consistent with prior quarter. Annualized 2016 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for refining was 16% and this is based on an average capital employed of 13.5 billion. Moving to the next slide. The refining segment had adjusted earnings of $604 million up $109 million from last quarter. Overall the improvement this quarter was primarily due to improved gasoline crack spreads partially offset by lower distillate margins and higher secondary product losses. Adjusted earnings were higher than the first quarter in every region. Atlantic Basin adjusted earnings reflected downtime from the planned Humber turnaround but benefited from higher margins and the lack of foreign exchange losses that occurred during the first quarter. The Gulf Coast was up from last quarter reflecting improved capacity utilization and reduced maintenance cost at Alliance partially offset by lower realized margins. For the Central Corridor we showed moderate improvement due largely the higher volumes compared to the first quarter, we cant plan turnarounds at the Ponca City and Borger refineries. This was partially offset by lower margins driven by narrower differentials on Canadian crudes. And for the western region the improvement was driven mainly by increased margins despite crude supply impacts on our San Francisco refinery as a result of the plants pipeline outage, the western region utilization rates improved to 94%. We continue to pursue permitting of the Santa Maria rail rack project to increase our crude supply optionality. Next well cover market capture on Slide 12. Our worldwide realized margin was $11.70 per barrel versus the 321 market crack of $18.94 resulting in an overall market capture of 62%. Our configuration allows us to produce roughly equal amounts of diesel and gasoline, which reduced our realized margin relative to market as the improved market crack was driven by the strength in gasoline. Benefits from feedstock advantages were not high enough to fully offset secondary product losses which were substantial given the rise in crude price relative to coke and other secondary product prices. The other category mainly includes cost associated with rents, ongoing freight, product differentials and inventory impacts. A regional view of our market capture is available in the appendix. Moving on to marketing and specialties. This segment posted another strong quarter thanks to higher domestic marketing volumes and continued strong margins in our lubricants business. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for M&S was 25% on average capital employed of $3 billion. Slide 14 shows adjusted earnings for M&S in the second quarter of $182 million down $12 million from the first quarter. In marketing and other the $10 million decrease was largely due to foreign exchange losses as the dollar weakened against the pound and the euro and this decrease was partially offset by higher domestic marketing volumes. Moving on to corporate and other. This segment had after tax net costs of $127 million this quarter which included fixed asset write-offs and an environmental liability accrual together totaling $15 million. Net interest expense and corporate overhead decreased compared to the first quarter. Next Ill talk about our capital structure. Consistent with last quarter were showing our capital structure both with and without Phillips 66 Partners. Excluding Partners we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt balance of $7.9 billion, an adjusted debt to capital ratio of 26% and a net to capital ratio of 11%. The next slide shows our cash flow during the quarter. Starting on the left excluding working capital cash from operations was $1.8 billion. Working capital changes resulted in a negative impact of $300 million primarily due to the timing of federal income tax payments. We funded $1.2 billion of capital expenditures in investments and distributed over $600 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of over 4 million shares resulting in 538 million shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. And we ended the quarter with the cash balance of $5.1 billion. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Next Ill cover a few outlook items. For the third quarter in chemicals we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In refining we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to also be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expense to be about $120 million. In corporate and other we expect this segments after-tax cost to be lower after recognizing some infrequently occurring items in the first two quarters. We expect corporate cost to run between $110 million and $120 million for each of the next two quarters. And company-wide we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. As for 2015 capital expenditures our original $4.6 million guidance remains unchanged. With that well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could start I guess I dont want to be too predictable here but just maybe get your latest thoughts on DCP situation and it looks like that the trailer debt multiple is certainly elevated and at this time is used basic during the [indiscernible] solution that yourself and your partner can live with? And I have got a follow-up please.
Greg Garland: So I will start I always like to start with it is a good business. We like the business, we like the assets, we think basins there we are in are good long-term value creating basins in the Permian, Eagle Ford, DJ, Mid-Con, so we like the asset footprint, clearly we need to do some restructuring at DCP we need to deliver I think that were engaged in conservations with our partner at how best to do that. I think what you heard Greg say in the notes but sometime this fall we expect to get to a resolution on that. DCP is doing all the things they need to do in our view in terms of running the business safely reliably they have taken out a lot of cost, reduced CapEx et cetera, and so from an operational standpoint they are solid on that. And what were trying to do at the end of day is structured DCP for the long-term, so that it can remain the largest natural gas gatherer and the NGL gatherer in the U.S. and have a good platform which it can continue its future growth. And so I think with that well get to the right resolution for DCP I'm confident of that, it is just going to take some time.
Doug Leggate: And I appreciate your answer I know it is not an easy thing to deal with. I guess my follow-up is really more current industry in MLP world, you have seen a number of your competitors there is some fairly aggressive things in terms of boosting their GP growth through acquisitions. You've obviously recognized your venture on the pipeline, but I'm just curious as to structurally are you thinking differently about how to bring forward that GP value, or are you still happy to move forward with your growth projects that you have got in place right now?
Greg Garland: Well as you know we've got a nice backlog I would say but we've got a great opportunity and organically to grow the MLP, we certainly have a lot of existing EBITDA left at PSX also and in terms of that, and so our view. But as we think about the MLP I think we've come to the conclusion that we want PSXP to be a fee based entity going forward with high growth rates. We think we create the most value by doing that, let's say we would never entertain an idea of an acquisition there, but it would certainly have to be something down to fairway that is fee based complimentary to the assets portfolio we have today, so crude pipelines, terminals et cetera. And that we would maintain that fee-based structure going forward. And then I think you also have to acknowledge that everyone gets treated fairly whether it's the GP or the LP unitholders. And so think that you have to think that all the way through in terms of the partnership.
Doug Leggate: A quick follow-up if I may. On the GP value sale, I know it's still relatively early days but is the intention at some point to make moves, to make out the value more transparent, in other words take out public markers because obviously you've got some of the margins there is something as C-Corp consolidated discount and I'm just curious on your thoughts on that? And I will leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Garland: I would say well certainly make it transparent, were going to tell you exactly what it is and you could read in the report. I think the question, I keep asking is do you have to put a public marker out there to realize the value back into C-Corp and there is probably examples on both sides of that and there is probably no guarantees either way. I don't think were in a hurry to answer that question. I think well be patient. I think we've said we have never considered IPOing the GP, I don't think we would ever say that. I think there may be a point in lifecycle in the MLP that leads you to do that, but it's certainly not in the near future for us Doug.
Operator: Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse is on line with a question.
Ed Westlake: Yes I mean I guess I am following on DCP. I guess a lot of people feel that obviously the business needs new capital but were also hearing term the impacts or the concerns on maybe under investment is impairing DCP's actual operations and customer reputation. So I wondered if you wanted to address that, it is great ground field position but how the business is performing.
Greg Garland: Well and so I mean were still investing in growth in DCP. Were very interested in DCP's reputation. We want DCP to be viewed as a long-term reliable partner with some very large people out there. If you think about the portfolio the DCP has today. And so I would say were very consist with that Ed. I think they are operating well. Their volumes are solid. Where were seeing some volume degradation is mostly around ethane rejection thats coming out of the let's say the Mid-Con Rocky area. But the volumes are certainly holding up in core regions in the Permian and Eagle Ford et cetera. But long-term we've got to position DCP such that it has the capacity to grow and it has the capacity to be there for the folks that are out in the field, and thats exactly what we intend on doing.
Ed Westlake: And then switching to refining, I mean you were clear that this year was going to have a little bit more maintenance maybe a little bit of an update on the outlook for the second half of this year and whether this period of maintenance extends into 2016 and maybe a little bit of color on any benefits that youve driven into the plant as youve taken the opportunity to take some of these plants down?
Greg Garland: So I think our guidance remains consistent in terms of turnarounds obviously 15 is a heavy turnaround year for us we knew that going in into 15 and we communicated that. So 16 probably wont be as heavy here is what weve seen in 15 it will be more of a normal year of turnarounds for us. We are trying to get on five year cycles between the major assets and were doing a pretty good job of getting there in our view. Ill let me Tim if you want to make some comments.
Tim Taylor: Sure. On the benefit of turnarounds clearly get clean so you can run at a high utilization post turnaround and second of all weve indentified that we wanted the full point improvement in refining we are on that path and about half of that a little bit more comes from cost yield reliability. So turnarounds are really the change for us to do things like the flash column at Alliance for light crude, its ways to upgrade, controls, improve reliability and so we take that opportunity to really improve I guess you might call it robust and so the operation. So we anticipate going forward that it provides us additional consistency and reliability as we get through that.
Ed Westlake: So we should mainly see it in OpEx and maybe a little bit in capture?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think on operating utilization in OpEx you bet.
Ed Westlake: Okay. Thanks so much.
Tim Taylor: I should mention yield as well. We take chance to go in new distribution on vessels in terms of getting more efficient and thats one of the ways that you can tweak declining product yield in our system.
Greg Garland: Yes its really -- and sometimes it gets hard to quantify that the capacity decrease probably is 1% to 2%. If you want to think about on that basis and maybe to 1% yield improvement and so I mean the real dollars and they are certainly ones that we know how to capture it.
Operator: Jeff Dietert from Simmons is online with the question.
Jeff Dietert: It looks like a very strong performance in the chemical segment this quarter I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the fundamentals in the business. The oil prices are still low yet, your margin strengthened again and if you could talk about demand both domestically and in the export market?
Greg Garland: Yes, Jeff. Really what were seeing on chemical side is I think were still in the up cycle in terms of a demand driven cycle. When you look at supply increasing relatively modestly and were just seeing really good demand around the globe, the U.S. has been good, export opportunities throughout the U.S. are good and then Middle East operations are running very well. I think as an industry the U.S. and the Middle East run full. Europe is coming back a bit with some of that slack as well as Asia but I think it just speaks to the fundamentals we have seen that demand improve and we anticipate in the next couple of years that would help pull that utilization and that is an important factor just as much as the cost piece is. But weve certainly seen the LPG cost in the U.S. comes down a bit more relative to crude as well which has helped. But I think this is largely kind of the demand side that were seeing and so we feel that the demand piece in the world is actually been fairly good from a chemical standpoint.
Tim Taylor: Yes I think our view is, Im sure we will get to crude at some point in time, but our view is crude is going to be probably a little bit longer NGLs a little bit longer thats directionally positive for margins and chemicals and demand from chemicals albeit I think a reason is topical news, the question is demand in Asia. What our experience is every time you see crude prices fall you see some reduced buying activity in Asia folks are trying to time the bottom there. And so I dont think were concerned about the fundamentals of demand in Asia at this point in time.
Jeff Dietert: Any information you can share on exports, chemical exports regionally Asia continuing to be a large percentage. How are those exports evolving as far as regional markets?
Tim Taylor: Well, I think the U.S. is and in the Middle East are the larger suppliers on the global market and Latin America out of the U.S. is approximate market, but the large demand pull continues to be Asia and thats really met through the U.S. and through Saudi Arabia. I think Europe has seen improvement in their economy thats largely self-supplied. So I think the global recovery that were seeing in demand kind of spread evenly, but in the end its that pull from Asia which is the largest pull and then you serve that really from the low cost centres in the Middle East and the U.S. So a lot of opportunity built around that, but generally I would tell you that we see good demand relatively in almost every geography it obviously depends on which geography in the growth rate but the developing piece of the world still has good demand.
Operator: Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley is on line with a question.
Evan Calio: Let me lead off with really a follow up to Dougs earlier strategic question. I mean Greg, whats your view on the Midstream asset or corporate markets where weve seen two major transactions that could be the beginning of a bigger consolidation wave I mean overtime do you still see PSX as a potential and natural consolidator given the GP uplift at PSXP and the currency premium in the MLP or has DCP really been occupying your near-term bandwidth?
Greg Garland: I wouldn't say DCP is occupying our near-term bandwidth at all, I think it's obviously something we want to get done and get fixed and I think were on path to get that done. I mean it's interesting to watch how all this has unfolded. You may have one shot at it and your currency is gone. So you want to think about it that way. So fundamentally we have a great organic backlog, we have 20 plus billion dollars of backlog of projects. And we don't feel the need to rush out and do something. We already have a midstream business, so we don't need to move there, we have a diversified perspective across PSX, so were in chemicals, were arent buying were gathering and processing and so we don't feel the need, were shifting our portfolios on a higher multiple higher value businesses, were on track were on plan, if there was something out there that was complimentary. We would certainly take a look at it from PSXP standpoint but to somehow push the yield up by going and doing an acquisition that put commodity risk and exposure into SXP we just dont have any interest in doing that right now.
Evan Calio: And then may be as a natural segway to when you talk about growth organic growth you recently announced JV with Energy Transfer and Sunoco to build the pipeline and I dont want to Charles I think I am going to say Charles sorry. Maybe you can discuss the MLP will EBITDA benefit the dual benefits there from a midstream dropdown aspect as well as potential volumes that you could get tracked with Alliance and make that refinery more competitive with that Houston arb?
Greg Garland: Great, you've answered the question pretty well. I'll let Tim talk about its new pipeline.
Tim Taylor: Yes so it's a great extension of our Beaumont terminal, good partners with Sunoco and Energy Transfer, this is a 30 inch line coming out of Beaumont over to Lake Charles and we just announced a supplemental open season to determine that we want to increase the capacity east to that in the St. James as part of this announcement, but were actually under construction now from Beaumont to Lake Charles. It starts to bring those Texas crudes into Louisiana a lot of interest a lot of demand and you are actually right there is a knock on effect in terms of value that we can have both at Lake Charles and Alliance. In terms of their project size it depends of the size of the pipe the number that we look at between $700 million and $900 million of investment were 40% owner and we get a typical midstream build multiple say of seven on that to give you some idea of the impact that it has. So it's a significant add to the MLPable Midstream EBITDA so were happy that and we think it has got good fundamentals so we really like that project.
Evan Calio: I mean well building at 7 and dropping at 10 and improving your refining margins pretty good business.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays is online with a question.
Paul Cheng: Greg on the DCP sorry to ask that one more time, does the partner already have agreed on the timeline to find a solution, I mean that in October that they have $700 million of the debt need to be I think refinanced, so is that percent is a deadline that you need to have a solution or that doesn't really matter?
Greg Garland: It is part of equation were trying to solve here to get to restructuring of DCP. I think our view is clearly it is going to be a deleveraging in that, and so the fundamental question is how do you make that happen. And I think thats what were working through with our partner I mean with the folks at DCP. But I have a high degree of confidence well get that done.
Paul Cheng: But I guess my question is that, is there already a timeline that has being agreed between the two partners and that when that you guys will need to find a solution or that you are just going to continue to work on a solution but not really have a deadline in mind?
Greg Garland: We know Paul this is Greg. As far as liquidity perspective you are aware that DCP has a $1.8 million revolving credit facility I think what you are referencing is the $200 million bond that comes to it at LLC level in mid-October, still have some liquidity available under the existing revolving credit facilities. So from that perspective it's not a bright line of October that has to have something completed, however were as Greg indicated working with our partners to get something done from restructuring perspective as soon as we can.
Paul Cheng: Greg since I got you here, do you have the preliminary 2016 CapEx number that you can share?
Greg Garland: [Multiple Speakers] 2016?
Paul Cheng: Yes. [Multiple Speakers] 2016 anything any estimate that you can share?
Greg Garland: Paul what we said is 3 billion to 4 billion in terms of that. We get our Board in October for approval the 2016 capital budget, so I dont want to get too far ahead of ourselves. But as were thinking it through it is going to be in that range which will be down from 4, 6 this year.
Paul Cheng: Should we also assume that by 2017 that number will be further down?
Greg Garland: Its possible that it may come down some, as weve -- part of we openly want to do see Midstream growth funded by PSXP but weve got a lot of projects on our plate. We want to get done and we could easily see $2 billion of Midstream investment for the next couple of years I think. The other question is where else to get funded it is PSX to PSXP.
Paul Cheng: And final question from me, maybe this is for Tim. It seems like that the industry is having a pretty tight supply on the high octane branding component. The question is that within your system, is there any good low cost de-bottlenecking opportunity for your reformer and [indiscernible] unit?
Greg Garland: Yes Paul, you are right. We see, Id say octane still being a very strong demand and that we expect that to continue given light crudes to [indiscernible] that come out of that. So I think there is a continuing pull and so weve got a variety of small projects that were looking at around Appalachian units and reformers to find ways to drive a little higher production through there and then well watch that market and see if there is a need for a larger solution. But there is a lot of opportunity within our existing system to drive some additional octane improvement through a variety of ways our [indiscernible] units for instance et cetera. So a lot of things on the table given what we see and given the outlook that we think is going to be there for the need for octane.
Paul Cheng: And is there something we can quantify saying that are we talking about 20,000-50,000 barrel per day kind of opportunity in terms of expansion. Any kind of data that you can share?
Greg Garland: Kind of in the preliminary piece I havent summed it all together Paul. We can get back as we look at that a little more detail but its not huge in terms of the size of a new plant, but Ill get back to you on kind of the rough estimate what we think we can do, but its not a massive new amount of capacity in that.
Operator: Blake Fernandez from Howard Wheel is on the line with a question.
Blake Fernandez: Greg you kind of invited the question on crude so Id be curious to get your thoughts there, but more specifically I think the last time I had a chance to visit with Tim your LP models were promoting kind of a shift from heavy to light and more specifically a focus on imported barrels rather than domestic barrels and Im curious if you can update us with the current landscape if that is still the situation right now.
Greg Garland: Yes Ill take a stab at it and then Tim can come clean up behind me here. So to start backwards there is no question whether this came in. We actually set cards on the siting. We brought imported crudes in into the system, thats a given where our expectations are for the third quarter Id say cards are coming off of the sitings and were going to import less crude given what we see going on with bps. So you think globally, we think crude is oversupplied. And we continue to think that. OpEx is up 1.5 million barrels a day versus February it looks like to us. Production in the U.S. isnt following as fast as people kind of expected, do you want to think about that and clearly weve got better North American crude logistics a day than we did a year or two years ago. The dollar is strong as you want to think about that. And so I think all that just say crude is going to be oversupplied for some period of time. So as we think about the markets we kind of expect that cracks come in the fall probably the but the bps widen, so margins will still be relatively healthy is our view as we go into the fall season given turnarounds. And this looks problematic to us globally as we think about. There seems to be plenty of distillate around the world today. Gasoline demand continues to be pretty good but that will peak this summer and tail-off in the falls normally go so, just to sum it up it looks like there is plenty of crude out there and well continue to be for some period of time and then we flex our system, we flex max gasoline in the second quarter, and any more color you want to add on that Tim.
Tim Taylor: Well I think in summary we are seeing North America supply probably increasing right now. Youre seeing the bps widen. And so I think fundamentally we anticipate less important for us in the life side going forward, better utilization of inland crude, the rail utilization is coming back up to taking to the East Coast more supply of Canadian crude and so I think thats the dynamic that we see. So I think to build on Gregs point thats what we think is going to help to drive the shift in the crude slate. So were optimizing around that. But that would be the big change obviously given the really narrow bps that we saw but in response to that we increased imports and I think at this point wed anticipate that would go back down.
Blake Fernandez: Maybe I will just use that as my follow-up then. Tim earlier you were talking about the opportunity to increase capture and a lot of that associated with the yield. If I recall you guys had previously provided kind of an outlook on increasing your ability to process domestic crude in your system and I was just trying to see where we are in that process. Have you fully maximized that opportunity or where do you stand there?
Tim Taylor: I think there is still a little improvement and we did turnaround Alliance let us put in place a column to build -- run lighter crudes there. Thats a work underway for instance at Wood River which is kind of an interesting were going to increase -- we can increase heavy crude input but thats because we can take the lite fractions out. So I think were looking around the systems still looking at ways particularly in the Gulf Coast and Mid-Con and Bayway to drive more like crude into that system, of course Ferndale is a piece of that and made progress and then California really though for us is continuing to be a focus on heavy crude alternatives. So making progress were running more and more type crudes I would say as we go along through if you look back quarter-on-quarter and so were just finding lots of ways to debottleneck and optimize around that system and then during these turnarounds sometimes there will be opportunity to put harbour in place and let's just do that. And then the logistics solutions are a piece of that as well.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank is on the line with a question.
Ryan Todd: Maybe if I can follow-up a little bit on capture rates. If you can think little bit about capture rates in the second quarter they were a little bit lower I guess and particularly on the Gulf Coast was a little bit lower, I know there has been maintenance and distillate margins of that has hit it a little bit, but can you talk a little bit about maybe some of the drivers as lower capture rate in the Gulf Coast region, and maybe in that same context I think you mentioned -- have you maxed out your gasoline yield, is there anything more you can do to swing the system in that way and whats your view on gasoline distillate margins going forward?
Tim Taylor: So I'll start with the Gulf Coast when we look at that we've got a lot of exposure in Louisiana and to LLS, and so those differentials are really types of brand. So I think that there was a narrowing of light heavy but in particular we've got exposure there so that is a piece of that, we also had some maintenance at Sweeny on our Humber unit, and so that took away some of the advantage on that, so there was a mix effect but largely the crude values weren't as wide or didn't offer as much opportunity help drive that. There is the issue or the crack difference between gasoline and distillate we are more heavily distillate that drives that. We do tweak machines so to speak to run more gasoline as we optimize around that given the response to the market prices. So there is an opportunity to do that, but I think fundamentally the other part of that is the secondary product values that we saw crude prices flat price increase that $10 a barrel and we saw product prices increase about $1. So you lost on that 20% of the barrel roughly that goes to the secondary products you lost the margin there as well. So all those factors combined the Gulf Coast led to a relatively low market capture versus some of the prior periods.
Ryan Todd: And maybe on the gasoline and distillate side, are you flexed as much as you can be and whats your view over the next six months, 12 months, 18 months view. Do you view those are converging on the distillate and gasoline side, or gasoline remain stronger for longer versus distillate?
Tim Taylor: So I think gasoline continues to be strong with demand. Were seeing that, were six months in and we look at our data industry data about 3% increase in the U.S. seems to be where we see 3% or 4% distillate less so, but you running max gasoline modes you are making the distillate you've got contangos you are pushing storage you are going to get into the planning season if you are going to get in the heating oil I think that brings up the distillate demand fees in the northern hemisphere or in the U.S. So we would expect them to come closer together, but I still think gasoline is going to show stronger demand versus distillate as we go forward, as long as the price of gasoline continues to stimulate the driving in the U.S. and China and India.
Greg Garland: Wed probably flex gasoline demand -- or production 3% to 4%. And maybe there is a little bit more juice left in that but not a lot. Because I think we are in max gasoline mode.
Ryan Todd: And maybe on a different note, a number of your peers have talked about or tried to quantify the EBITDAs associated with the fuel distribution the MLP or EBITDA number. Any thoughts from your side on what you might have in your system and your interest in doing that?
Greg Garland: We've not included that first of all in our MLPable when we talk about MLPable EBITDA we flex that in marketing, it is significant its not something that we felt that we needed to have to drive the growth, but when you look at the U.S. our marketing income has taken a piece of that of course as our wholesale piece so that gives you some rough magnitude of the dollars involved, but our organic portfolio generates a lot more of that EBITDA that you can get from there, and I think that we can always consider it but it's not something that we are going to replace right now given our midstream focus.
Operator: Faisal Khan is Citigroup is on the line with the question.
Faisal Khan: Just a few questions and I'll not ask a question on DCP. For the last opportunity with Humber being down obviously your capture rates and utilization were lower on the East Coast could you just talk about what was financials or lost opportunity given where the cracks were in the Atlantic Basin?
Greg Garland: So we are looking at each other to answer that. So I mean total turnaround in planned maintenance was about 7% for the quarter. And so Humber [Multiple Speakers] Humber was down for half of the quarter. It was a major turnaround in the pipeline replacement so it was down about 45 days to 90 days. And you can multiply that number by the crack that you work with Europe and it get close and then it was a major turnaround that was in excess of $100 million. So it was significant for us.
Faisal Khan: And just on the couple of other questions, one I guess first on the midstream side the Sweeny Fractionator One as that facility comes online towards the end of this year, where are you guys targeting sort of those products, where are you planning to move those products? And if you also talk a little bit about whether you guys are going to get involved in the -- I know you have the expert facility ramping up next year, but are you going to be moving LPG out of the country on your own account, meaning are you signing up of shipping capacity? Are you looking to sort of get involved in the global LPG trade in your marketing arm?
Tim Taylor: Okay. This is Tim Faisal so on the Frac the ethane will stay in the U.S. So the 100,000 barrel a day Frac, roughly 40,000 barrels a day of ethane thats under commitment to U.S. customers. That leaves you the propane the butane and the heavier fraction for the other 60% right now that would be a domestic consumption largely then when the export facility starts up a year later it feels the part of the commitment that we had for the shipments that we have committed on that terminal on the propane and to a lesser extent the butane side. So that Frac is the key piece but there is a lot of flexibility in that system between Sweeny, Mont Belvieu and the chem operations there that on the propane and ethane, butane side. The demand is essentially placed with contract. On the terminal and the LPG trade we have commitments from third parties on those and they are diversified you have commitments in Latin America, you have commitments in Asia were working on Europe. So yes, well be a piece of the global LPG business and I anticipate that we will take a piece of that but really wed like we really are focused on getting third party business there with that the people that have that demand in end use in their business. So, and were looking a lot of options on supply around that, but fundamentally the most of that load it will come out of other demand centers or other companies that they have contracts across that terminal.
Greg Garland: And youd also say that, wed look at things on FOB and on a delivered basis.
Tim Taylor: And there is opportunities to work that, so lot of commercial options developing around the LPG.
Faisal Khan: Okay. And are you also looking at commercial options that LPG into your own facilities that CPChem means the assets you have in Asia and Europe, would you consider sort of delivering LPG into those facilities or you have been bridging that with potential expansions or capital projects at those facilities?
Tim Taylor: Well certainly CPChem in the U.S. is a customer and with the growth in their business you can logically be a piece of that. I think the LPG for us the customer base is broader than CPChem and given their position to where they want LPG its really the Middle East and its in North America. So, not a lot of opportunity for CPChem in Asia or into Europe, at this point, so is really the focus has been on markets, either heating markets or pet chem markets with customers in those other regions and not reliant on the CPChem operations.
Faisal Khan: I think we saw the distributions come through in the quarter from CPChem with the sort of debt offering there. Can you talk a little bit about how much more capacity you have at CPChem to raise debt, are we going to see more distributions from CPChem based on sort of do we right size the balance sheet of that entity especially given where oil prices are maybe there is another incentive bring a partner to take that more cash at this point in time.
Greg Garland: Faisal this is Greg. Certainly were always looking at that, but as you know that was sort of onetime event for us to take the $1.4 billion of that at CPChem and distributed fifty-fifty to their partners, we never say never well continue to look at it, but at this stage of the game, I would say we dont have plans to further lever CPChems balance sheet.
Operator: Phil Gresham from JPMorgan is on line with a question.
Phil Gresham: First question on the chemical side, how much propane are you running today versus say three to six months ago, and do you see a significant uplift potential as we move forward from running more propane?
Greg Garland: So in the U.S. CPChem is running about 10% more propane than it would have at the end of last year and the real optimization around the crackers is that as you feed more propane in you can actually diminish your ethylene production. So its an optimization about that the total value of either ethylene or propylene and so there hasnt been just a huge shift in the products slate, the input slate to one propane versus ethane. So the margins have been quite strong in the ethylene chain and thats really pushed toward ethane still but you have begun to put some more propane in and I think that thats a general comment that you would see around the industry. And so I think thats something we would anticipate you can bleed more and so to speak, but we still see a heavy ethane guide at this point.
Phil Gresham: And then on Midstream, with the start up of frac-1 at LGP export next year you've given the long-term targets of what the EBITDA contribution from those two specifically should be I guess at this stage would you say you are on track with that contribution and how much specially should we think you would be able to get in 2016 will you would be running full on frac-1for example. Just any color you could give there?
Greg Garland: So frac-1 would our anticipation well be running full based on our supply commitments that we have in place for the raw NGL and so thats 100,000 barrels a day with usual mixture of ethane, propane, and butane the LPG terminal it comes up in the last part or later part of 2016 so that really starts to hit utilization in 17. And so we haven't broken out the EBITDA between the two we've just given the total.
Phil Gresham: Right, the total is the 400 million to 500 million correct?
Greg Garland: That is right, right and we've said that roughly 80% of our EBITDA is in the fee based arrangement as we look at the Midstream 20% commodity this is one of those projects that will have some degree of commodity opportunity or arb but it's not the predominant piece of this would still be fee based.
Phil Gresham: Last question just on distillates, or just on general on refining products, how much do you export in the quarter and if you could just give us your thoughts on the distillate export fundamentals in light of weakening margins in the rest of world Asia specifically?
Greg Garland: So the 100, we had a little for 140,000 barrels a day last quarter, most of that was distillate and it's really Gulf Coast oriented Alliance is back on line. So we've opportunities in Latin America I think Asia is feeling the impact of the start up of Middle East but thats really not have been a large trade area for us out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. So I think that the opportunities are likely to still be there, U.S. is still there, Gulf Coast is still very competitive in that market. And so I think the Atlantic Basin will still remain the natural trade area, and it is really going to be a pull I think on gasoline distillate that you have a U.S. or European shale versus another international opportunity but I think we've been relatively flat on export U.S. for some time and I don't expect that to really change.
Operator: Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs is one line with a question.
Neil Mehta: So in the quarter it looks you returned about 60% to 65% of the earnings in terms of the buyback in dividend. Is that a reasonable run rate as we think on -- as we look forward and how do you think about the allocation of the buyback versus dividends here?
Greg Garland: The guidance we've been giving is it would be consistent today it's kind of 60-40. And if the cash from all sources 60% from go in reinvestment 40% is going to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, as long as we are trends of value were going to be buying shares and were buying shares every day. You want to look at it on basis of others we've 71% of net income turns distributions back to shareholders. I don't really think about it on that basis, but I think about it on a cash basis, and I think about it in terms of intrinsic value long-term.
Neil Mehta: And based on those comments it seems like you guys are going to continue to lean into the buyback relative to the dividend based on what you think the intrinsic value of the PSX is?
Greg Garland: I think its both I mean we've given guidance that 2014, 2015, 2016 expect double-digit dividend increases were good with that, and then share repurchase is going to be there.
Neil Mehta: And then 2016 the commentary that CapEx likely down a $1 billion recognizing that well wait a couple of months to get more granularity in terms of the specific projects but at least directionally can you talk about some things that are rolling off '15 to '16 that will help us get there.
Greg Garland: Well certainly well finish the frac and you got the LPG export facility still yet to complete but DAPL still under construction at that point Bayou bridge the connectivity around Beaumont that were looking at. So I mean there we've plenty of projects. I think as you think about this year was really a heavy last year for us with 4.8 billion in capital and we've consciously dialed that down on a go forward basis.
Neil Mehta: And then last question for me is just in terms of were just seeing through the wholesale network and then on the retail network then you are connected there from a demand standpoint and any granularity by product would be helpful as well?
Greg Garland: I think fundamentally we view at that 3% to 4%.
Greg Maxwell: And originally Tim I dont know if you are seeing differences.
Tim Taylor: It's kind of across the U.S. the vehicle model is driven or up, you can get that stat and look at MasterCard date and look at EIA. We look at our unbranded branded rack sales and we kind off see those numbers in that rig. So it just tends to all come together in that 3% to 4% range and its across the U.S. good response in California for instance as well, but were really seeing that around the U.S. So I think generally the driving public on the gasoline side is responded to lower prices but by travelling more and thats being supported now I think across as you look at all the data sources across that. So I think as long as gasoline prices stay in this range were continue to see increases in gasoline demand from last year.
Operator: And this concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell for closing remarks.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you very much for participating in the call today. We do appreciate your interest in the company. Youll be able to find a transcript of the call posted on our website shortly and if have any additional questions please feel free contact me or CW. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laurel and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, Vice President, Investor Relations. Kevin, you may begin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Laurel. Good afternoon and welcome to the Phillips 66 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material well be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Kevin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We had a good quarter. Adjusted earnings were $834 million or $1.51 per share. Our West Coast refining business ran well and benefited from the significant improvement in cracks. However, on the Gulf Coast, we did not perform to the level of our expectations. We didnt execute the lines refinery turnaround as planned and extended downtime prevented us from capturing the full value of improved margins on the U.S. Gulf Coast. On a positive note, our workers at Alliance achieved the safety milestone of 15 million man hours without a lost-time injury. This is terrific. During the quarter, cash from operations was $1.4 billion. In addition, we received proceeds of $1.5 billion from Phillips 66 Partners debt issuance and first follow-on equity offering. We invested $1.1 billion and supported midstream growth while maintaining operating integrity in our refining system. Consistent with our commitment to capital allocation, we returned $671 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Since we started our share repurchase program, weve completed $5.3 billion of the $7 billion authorized. At quarter end, our share count was 542 million. Our midstream growth projects continue to be well-executed. Sweeny Fractionator One is now over 70% complete. And the Freeport LPG export terminal is about a third done. Both projects are on schedule and on budget with startups expected in the second half of 2015 and 2016 respectively. We continue to aggressively grow Phillips 66 Partners. In March, we completed a dropdown of our third interest in the Sand Hills and Southern Hills NGL pipelines, as well as our 19.5% interest in Explorer refined products pipeline system. These assets provide portfolio disbursification [ph] as well as additional fee-based revenues to PSXP. As we said, Partners is an important vehicle to grow our midstream business. Over the last five quarters, PSXP has executed over $2 billion in acquisitions, demonstrating continuing commitment to its top tier distributions growth. PSXPs goal is a 30% compounding distribution growth rate through 2018. In chemicals, CPChems normal alpha olefins expansion project at its Cedar Bayou facility is on schedule for completion in mid-2015. Also, construction continues on a world-scale U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project which is now about 40% complete with the startup in mid-2017. We expect both projects to come in on budget. DCP continues to be an important part of our NGL value chain. As one of the nations largest natural gas gatherers and processors, over 10% of domestic natural gas flows through DCP Midstream assets. Its a must run business. To derive short term liquidity needs, DCP Midstream achieved current [ph] relief on its bank revolver until year end 2015. DCP has also implemented steps to reduce corporate costs in its capital budget. Spectra Energy and Phillips 66 continue to progress the restructuring of the business. And we anticipate that well be able to share more details with you in the coming months. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Maxwell to review the quarters results.
Greg Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon. Starting on Slide 4, our first quarter earnings on adjusted basis were $834 million or $1.51 per share. Cash from operations was $1.4 billion, including $500 million in positive working capital changes for the quarter. In addition, Phillips 66 Partners debt and equity offerings provided $1.5 billion of cash this quarter. We reinvested $1.1 billion in the business and we returned almost $700 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. At the end of the first quarter, our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio, which excludes Phillips 66 Partners, was 26%. And after taking into consideration our ending cash balance, the adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio was 11%. Our annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 12%. And excluding special items, the adjusted effective income tax rate for the quarter was 34%. Slide 5 compares first quarter adjusted earnings with the fourth quarter on a segment basis. Overall, quarter-over-quarter adjusted earnings were down $79 million with increased earnings from refining being more than offset by reduced earnings in our other segments. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail as we move forward. Starting with midstream, the transportation business continues to be a source of stable earnings. DCP is aggressively addressing the challenges associated with the lower commodity price environment. And as Greg said, the NGL Fractionator project is on track and is over 70% complete. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for this segment was 6% based on an average capital employed of $5.3 billion. The returns for this segment reflect the impact of lower NGL prices as well as increases in capital employed from the significant investments were making in midstream that are still under construction and not yet producing returns. Moving on to the next slide. Midstreams first quarter adjusted earnings were $67 million, down $30 million from the fourth quarter. Transportation earnings for the quarter were $65 million. The overall increase of $12 million compared with the prior quarter is largely due to the writeoff of a deferred tax asset in the fourth quarter. DCP Midstream had losses in the first quarter that were comparable with what we saw in the fourth quarter. NGL and crude prices were lower in the quarter but this impact was mostly offset by the lack of hedging losses experienced in the fourth quarter. And our NGL business had lower earnings mainly due to seasonal propane and butane storage related benefits in the fourth quarter as well as inventory impacts. Included in the transportation and the NGL results is the contribution from Phillips 66 Partners. During the quarter, PSXP contributed earnings of $19 million to the midstream segment. Moving on to Slide 8. In chemicals, the global olefins and polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 87%. This reflected a full quarter of operations in Port Arthur, partially offset by turnaround activities in Cedar Bayou and the CPChem joint venture facility in Qatar. Results for both O&P and SA&S were impacted by lower margins. The 2015 annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for our chemicals segment was 16% and this is based on an average capital employed of $5 billion. As shown on Slide 9, first quarter adjusted earnings for chemicals were $203 million, down from $270 million. In olefins and polyolefins, the decrease of $65 million is largely due to lower olefins to polyethylene cash chain margins for U.S. and international operations along with turnaround activities. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings were in line with the prior quarter with lower margins being partially offset by reduced cost. Moving on to refining. Realized margins improved this quarter to $12.26 per barrel, largely driven by strong market conditions in the West and Gulf Coasts. Refining crude utilization and clean product yields were both at 84% during the quarter. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for refining was 15% on average capital employed of $13.5 billion. Moving to the next slide. The refining segment had adjusted earnings of $495 million. This is up $173 million from last quarter. Before I dive into the regions, I wanted to point out a change in reporting from previous quarters. We have realigned our refining business to move results that were previously included in other refining into their respective regions. Along with this change, we have recast 2014 quarterly information as well and this can be found in the supplemental pages to the earnings release. Overall, the improvement this quarter was due to higher realized refining margins, including the benefit of lower crude cost on secondary products, partially offset by lower volumes. Regionally, the Atlantic Basin had lower earnings mainly due to plant maintenance at the Bayway refinery and foreign exchange losses of about $30 million due to a strengthening U.S. dollar. The Gulf Coast was up from last quarter, reflecting higher crack spreads and improved secondary product margins in the region. Reduced volumes from a downtime at the Alliance refinery partially offset this increase. The Central Corridor was flat compared to last quarter as improvements in secondary products were mostly offset by lower volumes due to plant turnarounds at the Ponca City and border refineries. Western Pacific had the largest improvement driven mainly from significantly higher gasoline cracks. First quarter gasoline cracks for the Western Pacific region were $20.21 per barrel compared with $7.46 last quarter, resulting in record earnings for the region. Lets move to the next slide on market capture. Our worldwide realized margin was $12.26 per barrel versus the 321 market crack of $15.26, resulting in an overall market capture of 80%. The overall configuration to produce roughly equal amounts of diesel and gasoline reduced our realized margin as the improved market crack this quarter was largely driven by the strength in gasoline. Improvements from the feedstock advantage more than offset secondary product losses which were significantly lower in this crude price environment. The other category mainly includes cost associated with rents, product differentials and inventory impacts. A regional view of our market capture is available in the appendix. Moving on to marketing and specialties. Annualized 2015 year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for M&S was 28% on average capital employed of $2.8 billion. Slide 14 shows adjusted earnings for M&S in the first quarter of $194 million, down from the high levels we saw in the fourth quarter. In marketing and other, the $112 million decrease was largely due to lower global marketing margins this quarter compared to strong margins that we realized last quarter. The fourth quarter benefited from the timing effects of steeply falling gasoline and diesel spot prices. The decrease in specialties was primarily related to our lubricants business where lower base low margins were partially offset by increased volumes. Moving on to corporate and other. This segment had after tax cost of $125 million this quarter, a $25 million increase over last quarter mainly due to higher interest expense and lower foreign tax credits. The corporate overhead bar includes restructuring costs that were taken during the quarter. Next, Ill talk about our capital structure. With the additional debt and equity financing that Phillips 66 Partners took on for its recent acquisition, we thought it would be helpful to show our capital structure both on a consolidated basis and excluding PSXP. As shown on the chart on the right, our debt balance was reduced in the first quarter largely due to the repayment of $800 million of senior notes that matured in March. Excluding Partners, we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt balance of $7.8 billion, an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio of 26% and a net debt to capital ratio of 11%. The next slide shows our cash flow during the quarter. Starting on the left, excluding working capital, cash from operations was $900 million. Working capital changes were a positive impact of $500 million due largely to a benefit from timing of foreign excise taxes and a U.S. tax refund associated with late 2014 regulation changes. During the quarter, we added $1.5 billion of cash from PSXPs debt and equity issuances. We also repaid $800 million of maturing notes. We funded $1.1 billion of capital expenditures in investments and distributed about $700 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $5.4 billion. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Ill now cover a few outlook items. For the second quarter, in chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the low 90s. In refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to also be in the low 90s and pre-tax turnaround expense to be about $150 million. In corporate and other, we expect this segments after-tax cost to run about $110 million to $120 million for the second quarter. And company-wide, the effective income tax rate is expected to be in the mid-30s. As for 2015 capital expenditures, our original $4.6 billion guidance remains unchanged. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. The line is open.
Evan Calio: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon.
Evan Calio: I look forward to the update on the DCP restructuring and I appreciate if you dont have any comments, but Im wondering if you could share generally what PSX wants to achieve in the restructuring and your willingness to take commodity exposure in the structure beyond DCPs exposure.
Greg Garland: So, Evan, just kind of reiterate what weve previously said maybe about DCP, its a great asset. We think that we like their positions in the value chain. We like the areas where they compete. And so we view it as a strong asset. Unquestionably, the lower commodity prices put some stress on that. And so were working to correct that. What I would say is I think that both Spectra Energy and ourselves are in agreement on the path forward and that were executing that. And we dont want to get out in front of the activities that are ongoing. So I would just say were in process. Were not at the beginning, but were also not at the end of that process. So were working through it.
Evan Calio: Great. Thats fair. My second question is on refining. And the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of 2015 witnessed a heavy Gulf Coast turnaround. So I mean, are you largely complete for the year? And any color - exiting that heavy turnaround period we should expect any kind of capture uplift or otherwise enhancement?
Greg Garland: So I mean, weve guided that 2015 is going to be a heavier turnaround year than 2014. I mean, normally, were kind of $400 million-ish on turnarounds. I think weve guided $650 million or so this year. And Greg just gave guidance for $150 million turnaround expense in the second quarter. So its going to be a heavy year for us all the way through in turnarounds. I dont know if anyone else has any color on that but - okay.
Evan Calio: And any capture uplift exiting on the back of that? Is it just standard maintenance or is there any kind of enhancement exiting a heavy maintenance period that the system might emerge more flexible, profitable?
Greg Garland: Well, so this is mostly maintenance turnarounds but there are activities going on where were doing some debottlenecks to push more lightweight [ph] crude. Weve done it at Alliance, weve done it at Sweeny. And well continue to work our way through the system at Bayway and other places to be able to handle those lighter barrels. And were probably up $100,000 today, over what we were say two years ago in terms of our ability to handle lightweight [ph] crude across the system today. So well continue to do that. But this, by and large, the bulk of the activity is more just routine maintenance.
Evan Calio: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next we have Jeff Dietert with Simmons on the line. Your line is open.
Jeff Dietert: Good afternoon.
Greg Garland: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Hey. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about Gulf Coast crudes. Were seeing LLS has been trading close to parity with Brent and Houston pricing has been depressed relative to St. James and now Cushing is weak and perhaps pushing more barrels south on market MarketLink and Seaway. Could you talk about how that markets evolving and how its influencing your Gulf Coast feedstock procurement?
Tim Taylor: Hey, Jeff, its Tim. Yes, I think that structurally LLS Louisiana remains tight logistically. And so I think that when you think about logistics out of, say, Texas and Louisiana pipe or ship, weve got a lot of constraint there. So I think that supports that differential couple of dollars. And then ultimately, there is the import option. And so I think that that presents kind of a cap on the LLS in terms of [ph] working separate. But that said, you would - if you cant get those lighter curds in Louisiana for competition, it will so that that issue will continue to keep Texas discounted and Cushing discounted relative to Cushing. And ultimately, were working the solutions to look at how do we logistically get more of those crude options into Louisiana. Weve talked about a pipeline out of Beaumont into Louisiana that were working and some other things. So I think that those take more time but it is part of what we work on.
Jeff Dietert: Are you seeing Cushing barrels being priced more attractively into the Gulf Coast market, be it heavy or light?
Tim Taylor: I think you looked at the breakover in inventory this month. And our view was that at some point, if the crude production of light continues, its got to move to the Gulf Coast for storage. And so I think youve seen some of that. Youve also got more connection out of West Texas to grip [ph] into the Gulf Coast. And all those things impact that. But given the storage situation at Cushing, I dont think its surprising that youve seen movement now out of that region. The real input is going to be how much crude production continues to flow out of the Permian and the Midcon into the system.
Jeff Dietert: And secondly, could you provide opportunity cost associated with first corridor maintenance?
Greg Garland: It was about 8% of production was maintenance, about 6% was unplanned downtime and about 2% was planned downtime. So I mean normally what we do is we would take that and multiply it by the margins as they lay. So for instance, we think our end plan [ph] downtime is in the neighborhood of about $80 million across the system
Jeff Dietert: All right. Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Next we have Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, guys. Im not going to push the DCP issue too much but I just wondered if you would respond to one issue. Theres been some, I guess, speculation that PSX might be prepared to inject capital but without the need to consolidate DCP and without Spectra contributing any capital. Would you care to comment on that or would you prefer just to leave it alone for now?
Greg Garland: Yes, Id let that one lay for right now, Doug.
Doug Leggate: All right. I thought Id try, sorry about that. Just to have a quick run [ph] because I figured that may be a quick answer. Could exports, Greg, not your opinion so much on good exports, but your opinion on what it could mean for the MLP in terms of opportunities if indeed we did see a relaxing of that rule. Are you exploring any opportunities on those lines at this point? And Ive got one final follow-up, please.
Greg Garland: I think in terms of optionality, thats one of the things we liked about Beaumont that it certainly gave us a footprint and one that we can certainly expand in terms of optionality around crude exports with MLP. So I think that thats a potential we certainly think about. I still dont see short term lifting of the ban on crude exports. Well see. I mean, its a political decision, as everyone knows. And certainly the volume is being turned up in many quarters around exports. And we continue to support lifting the ban on crude exports as a company. We think its the right thing to do. Wed like to see a broader conversation around energy in our country to include being able to build pipelines and a conversation around Jones Act ships so that we can effectively not be outcompeted by moving crude around from the Gulf Coast to East Coast refineries. But at the end of the day, I think we have some optionality in our portfolio that would play well under the act if that happens.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Greg. My last one is a little cheeky, really. Its a bit more conceptual but I guess Im kind of asking you to do our job for us to some extent. When we were on the road, we had this discussion, I just wanted to get your latest thoughts on it. The value of your GP in the midstream and I guess in the MLP units as well, how do you think about getting recognition of the GP in particular in your stock? And internally, do you think about your ownership on both those species [ph] on a pre-tax or a post-tax basis? Do you think the market should be pre-tax or post-tax? Im just trying to kind of resolve an issue were trying to get to the bottom of here.
Greg Garland: So were doing some of the parts, guys, here, so we always think in terms of some of the parts as were doing analysis around the asset, around the portfolio. I think this point the GP cash flows are so small they dont matter at this point in time. When we get to $1 billion of EBITDA in PSXP, then I think it does matter. And so well see. I think that were prepared to consider many options around how do you get that recognized out there. But today, its small but growing. And in terms of the - I mean, we had a conversation around pre-tax. I think the multiples are kind of on a pre-tax basis as people look at it. But does that change overtime? I just dont know the answer to that. I dont know, Tim or Greg, do you have a view on that?
Tim Taylor: I think the market comps are pre-tax. And I think thats the relevant measure when you think about other GPs or you think about the LPs. Its a pre-tax basis and I think thats the fair way to look at that.
Doug Leggate: I guess where Im getting at, Tim, is when we think about how that should translate to the PSX share price on a pre-tax or post-tax basis.
Tim Taylor: I think we think about it in terms of the EB. And EBITDA multiple and as you value those streams and that translates into that EB and thats how we think about some of the parts basis. So it really is on a pre-tax basis when we think about that uplift, yes.
Greg Maxwell: Doug, this is Greg Maxwell. We did have that discussion while we were on the road. And I will say its an interesting discussion. Were continuing to look at it. So obviously wed like to have some ongoing dialog with you as we work through this.
Doug Leggate: Perfect. I appreciate that. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank is on the line. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks a lot. Good afternoon, gentlemen. Maybe if I could start with maybe a two-part question on CapEx and cash return to shareholders. If we look at - we know that this is a peak CapEx year in 2015. How should we think about the potential decline in CapEx year-on-year into 2016? And maybe as a follow-up with that and looking at the amount of buyback in the quarter, youve targeted a 60-40 split between capital spend and cash return to shareholders over a multiyear period. Should we expect to hold that same split here in 2015 or do you think that will be a little bit lighter on the cash return this year and heavier on the cash return next year?
Greg Garland: Okay. So lets start with CapEx. And I think weve consistently said we view that this is the heavy lift year for us, peak year. Were still working through 16 budgets and obviously need to go through our board approval process. But were thinking the range is in $3 billion to $4 billion for 16 in terms of capital. And the 60-40 allocation, we remain committed to. And thats an average of the essentially the 14, 15, 16 timeframe if you want to think about it that way. What I would say is in any one quarter, you shouldnt look at that quarter and expect that you can annualize that across the year. On the other hand, if you think about $4.6 billion of capital expense, you think about $1.1 billion or so dividend expenses here, then you can take your pick on cash. But you also have to roll into that equation the drops and the cash we get back from the drops and the PSXP as part of the funding vehicle, then you can kind of back into - share repurchase can be in the range of $1 billion to $2 billion this year.
Ryan Todd: Great. Maybe if I could just do one quick follow-up on the chems business, fees in the first quarter clearly are going to be better this year than I think what the fees were as we approach the latter part of last year. But can you give us an outlook at this point in terms of kind of a chemicals outlook for the rest of the year in particular as crude prices are going to be ticking up a little bit?
Greg Garland: Sure. Yes. Ill let Tim take a stab at that.
Tim Taylor: Yes, sure. I think that in the first quarter, we saw the readjustment, the lower energy complex and the margins have come in. Particularly in the olefins chain, if theyve stabilized, you think about the pricing in terms of the feedstocks and the margin. And were seeing increased demand. As the energy prices come up, I think its actually encouraged people to begin their buying. So were seeing demand up really across the world, so Asia, Europe, U.S. and I think that supports that margin. So I think we still remain convinced that the chemicals business is going to continue to perform well. Margin is still less than 14 based on the current crude price outlook but still a pretty business model from a fundamental demand standpoint.
Ryan Todd: Great. Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Tim Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Paul Cheng with Barclays is on the line. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys.
Greg Garland: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Hopefully [ph], just have a quick question. Greg, do you guys have a outlook you can share in terms of the CapEx for 2016, 2017? I think at one point you guys talking about this year is the peak and you moved towards the three pinning [ph] tie up mark. Is it to be assumed that next year you will get all the way to three or that it will take a couple of years before you get down there?
Greg Garland: Well, I think yes, I think were looking at somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion for 2016, Paul. Obviously, we need to get that through that board and get that approved. And were still thinking about it. But its definitely going to be down from the $4.6 billion level this year, and in that range of $3 billion to $4 billion next year.
Paul Cheng: And should we assume that after next year that it will - really on a more sustainable basis you guys would be more in the $3 billion than the $4 billion or that is still unclear at this point?
Greg Garland: Well, I think that were going to have a, what I would say, is an aggressive growth profile at PSXP. So as you think about on consolidated basis, most of that capital spend start moving to PSXP. As it gets scale, certainly, it can stand on its own feet. It can coinvest in a lot of these projects, ultimately invest in these projects. And so you may see consolidated capital up in that level. But that PSX in the level of PSX, we expect that to go down more to a maintenance level type activity.
Paul Cheng: Got it. Secondly, I think in the past, that management view West Coast or California is not necessary a core part of the portfolio long-term. With the market condition that we have seen in the last several months, just curious is there any change in your view about California market? What is their position or growth in your portfolio long-term?
Greg Garland: Well, we might see the West Coast this quarter. But, fundamentally, our long-term view of West Coast hasnt changed. We think its really a challenged place to do business. And we think we have kind of - we have good assets, but we think theyre average you have crossed that portfolio. And so well continue to work the thick strategy around the West Coast as we look at more optionality around getting the advantage crude into those assets so kind of cost structure, et cetera, around those assets. But I would say, theres nothing thats changed our fundamental view on West Coast assets today.
Paul Cheng: And on the second quarter, the maintenance, can you give us some idea that with the concentration going to be by region.
Greg Garland: We typically wont give guidance there.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Not even by region, saying that is maturity in the West Coast [ph] maturity in Gulf Coast, so anything right there?
Greg Garland: No.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Greg Garland: We probably just dont want to disadvantage our commercial folks.
Paul Cheng: Sure. I understand. And two final questions on the - Im trying to hope [ph] that you can give us updates in some of your market insights. In Europe, I think that [indiscernible] surprised by how strong the margin has been. Initially, we thought theyre punching away tide [ph] and subsequently of course, with oil price stabilized that they remain rather strong, I want to see whether you have any insight whether that - is it because the demand maybe perhaps much better or the capacity over there may not be as much as people thought. And second that in your wholesale network, any insight you can forward in terms of what is the gasoline and the diesel demand growth that we may be actually seeing? It seems to have somewhat different number, depends on who we talk to. So I want to see what is your market system youre telling us.
Tim Taylor: Paul, its Tim. On Europe, I think it is a combination of some turnarounds as I held - looked to the season right now. Clearly, with grant moving down, they were able to capture some margins well. And then were seeing stronger demand out of Middle East, particularly on gasoline and some of West Africa. So I think thats helped support the demand side from a European standpoint. So I dont know how long that goes on. But that was certainly the dynamic that we see in place in the first quarter and continuing right now. On our system on gasoline demand, youd like to have a number of [indiscernible] but generally across our wholesale and branded marketing network, volumes are up. It varies a lot as you look across the system. But a couple of points on demand seems like where it is. Whether thats sustainable, I think we need more time. But certainly, its been something that supported the gasoline side. Diesel demand is off from somewhat to flat because of really seasonal planting and perhaps some impacting energy. But still pretty strong market on the diesel side as well. But gasoline is probably been the surprise in the demand side.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs in on the line with a question. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
Greg Garland: Good afternoon.
Neil Mehta: So theres a lot of talk about a crude blood [ph] translating to a product blood in the refining markets but then increasing utilization in response to strong margins and spreads were seeing out there. Just curious what youre guys thoughts are on that risk and how you see that as a participant in the market.
Tim Taylor: So product inventories are on, as you know, at the high side of five-year range. We havent seen that develop and everything continues to push the run side. Youre entering a strong season now on demand. So I dont think thats something that we anticipate. Theres less storage opportunity on the product side. So if it does develop, I think youd see runs reduced. And then of course we keep an eye on whats happening globally with the new supply. And as that comes on, that can have an impact as well. But right now, we just havent seen that as at an issue.
Neil Mehta: And the other big macro debate that were having, Tim, just a few weeks ago on the last call was the risk that Cushing fills and we finally got that draw earlier this week. But curious on that front, what your thoughts are in terms of accrued storage in Cushing and then in pad 2 and 3 generally, and is there enough takeaway that youre not concerned about a broader crude problem.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think that when we look at it, we still think were watching the production side. And so I think it still needs to find a place for storage. Cushing is pretty close. And so I think thats part of that. We look at the Gulf Coast, weve got a lot of room on storage. So I think that was where we thought that would go. And so theres some time I think still left to see where inventory build goes versus the production side on the EMP side. And then fundamentally what would have to happen next is you might have to push on some medium, imports or some way to drive that displacement. But I think were ways off. But certainly, you have seen that move and youre watching the pad 3 inventory of crude grow. So I think that there is between imports and inputs from the [indiscernible] in particular and Cushing youre seeing that move.
Neil Mehta: And last question is just around capital allocation. Buy back and dividend, you bought back $400 million in the quarter. So curious how you think about that on a go-forward whether thats a reasonable run rate to use. And then on the dividend, youve talked about double-digit being the growth target in 15 and 16. Obviously a lot of financial commitments in 2015. But anything you could do to help us benchmark where that dividend growth should be anchored to.
Tim Taylor: Yes. So we stand by the guidance of double-digit dividend growth in 15 and 16 [indiscernible] purchases. As long as the [indiscernible] intrinsic value, were going to be buyers of the shares and we look at that. I would say, dont take one quarter and say thats a run rate. Were in the market every day. We buy more some days than others. But in general, I think weve kind of guided you to expect that that would be between $1 billion and $2 billion this year in terms of share repurchase.
Neil Mehta: All right. Very clear. Thanks, guys.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: We have Blake Fernandez with Howard Wheel on the line with questions. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Thanks, folks. Good afternoon. Greg, maybe just tying on with the last question on the repurchases, not to try and hold you down to too much of an outlook. But youve already alluded to CapEx rolling over in the 16. Do you think its fair to believe that $1 billion to $2 billion of repurchase run rate kind of continues into 16 assuming no material changes in macro dynamics?
Greg Garland: Yes. I think thats probably not bad. We purchased about $2.2 billion in 13 and about $2.2 billion in 14. And so I think its been a pretty consistent number for us if you want to think about it that way.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Secondly, on CPChem, your partner recently has expressed some willingness to maybe lever up a bit which has been a bit of a pivot from the previous strategy. Im just curious how youre thinking about that entity as you move forward pass the spending cycle. Do you kind of envision ongoing growth projects beyond the 2017 timeframe or should we think about moving to a cash harvest phase?
Greg Garland: Go ahead.
Tim Taylor: Yes, Blake, its Tim. I think that we anticipate - with like chemicals, we continue to see growth there. And were going to participate at. So weve talked about a second, for instance, cracker project, sometime past 2020, somewhere in the world with North America and Middle East remain very logical places we think for a light cracker. And beyond that on the financial side, is I think we - that business will continue to be self-funding. But generally, we would expect surplus cash return back to the owners as well. And the leverage issue is just something that owners would consider. With this big crude, you want to keep the balance sheet very strong there. Its great shape today. But it is something that we can always think about. But fundamentally, thats a strong business in terms of cash generation and ability to fund this growth.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. And the last follow on, just with CPChem, I know its 40% complete. And Greg, you mentioned that it was on budget. Im just curious if theres any potential just given the macro dynamics and supply chain deflation that maybe the cost come in a bit lower than anticipated?
Greg Garland: Well see. Weve got a way to go on that project. On some of our projects that are nearer to completion, for instance, the frac-1 and I think we have a good charter bringing that in under budget. Well see as we finish execution on that project. So I would say that the odds are in our favor of executing well on this environment. And taking some pressure off is a good thing in terms of project execution.
Blake Fernandez: Absolutely. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI is on the line with a question. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Good afternoon, everybody.
Greg Garland: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson: I have a capital discipline question as well. And specifically, Greg, one of the foundations of the companys success over the past several years has involved the ability to balance both capital spending and distributions in a way that generated both growth and returns for shareholders at the same time. And on this point, it seems like with the investment opportunity set as strong as its ever been that maintaining capital discipline might become more challenging than its ever been too. So my question is, would you agree with the comment about your investment opportunities that [indiscernible] think that you guys just might be in a sweet spot? And if you do, how would you need to manage the capital allocation and then [indiscernible] monitoring process differently in the future. So can you just spend a minute talking about how youre thinking about this?
Greg Garland: Happy to do that. I think that fundamentally our views on capital allocation have been very consistent since the spend. We see an opportunity to create a lot of economic value for shareholders by growing our MLP faster. And so weve had kind of had our foot on the accelerator there. Certainly, weve been willing to use our balance sheet, use our cash to incubate projects at Phillips 66, but ultimately our debts [ph] are put in MLP. What weve also said is MLP gets the size and scale. And it grows up so to speak. It should be able to stand on its own two feet and generate value. So I think were kind of in this period of time where what I call interim period, where were building on behalf of the MLP. But that changes with time I think if you think about that going forward into the future. But clearly, for us to get to $1.1 billion of EBITDA by 2018 and generate $20 billion of value for our shareholders, weve got line of sight on that. Were clearly focused on executing that well.
Doug Terreson: Great. Thanks a lot.
Greg Garland: Yes.
Operator: You have Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse on the line. Your line is open.
Edward Westlake: Thank you. And a good segue, so - sorry, I think its a $3 billion or $4 billion, sorry, on CapEx. But a number of the MLP projects probably have shifted a little bit to the right relative to what youre thinking, frac-2. Im sure if you look at whats going on in the Permian and then in the Oklahoma Basins where obviously DCP has a good footprint once you get past the near-term worries, there are lots of opportunities that are emerging with the success of shales. So maybe talk a little bit specifically about interest in frac-2 and then perhaps some opportunities if there are any too to accelerate in the MLP again as oil price pick up.
Greg Garland: Yes. So we felt really comfortable with the slide of projects we have with frac-1, LPG export facility. Felt good on both sides of those contract-wise, in terms of executing on those projects. In our original plans before we saw the follow up in crude prices. We probably would have taken frac-2 to FID [ph] late this year and the condensate splitter. We pushed those at least a year at this point. I think well see what Oakland impact of the reduced capital spend is on the EMP side and where liquids are really going to go. But in our planning, theyre pushed at least a year at this point in time. But our view is crude going to stay $50 either. And as crude prices come back and you can pick your level of what they go to in 16 and 17, then I think these projects are going to be necessary to get these liquids to the market center and youll see the investment go forward. And Tim, if you want to comment on anything.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think as were seeing that is were seeing some opportunities to run the existing framework that werent in that plan. So some smaller project execution, the Bayou bridge, east out of bowman [ph] is a possibility. So we continue to develop other opportunities maybe to move from the market centers into the demand centers. So I think thats another dimension. So we still feel that theres good infrastructure growth and that certainly needs to be filled the next several years.
Edward Westlake: On the assets that you have in place which could be used for say Oklahoma, Southern Hills, Texas Express. Are those easy to expand or we are going to be sort of limits and it would have to be greenfield if those place take off?
Greg Garland: No. There is expansion capability in those new NGL pipes built out of Permian, on Sand Hills, as well as the Mid Con. So as the volumes can ramp up, we can do a fairly low cost [indiscernible] to get ramped up in the pipeline. And of course, that creates opportunity to the G&P side for DCT.
Edward Westlake: Right. Okay. And then on DAPL and ETCOP set up roaming around and then down to Vermont and across to Louisiana, have you kind of like got a tariff yet in terms of what that might cost to Bakken crude down into Louisiana refineries via that route?
Tim Taylor: We havent published that. So we really cant speak directly. Our belief is its going to be the lowest cost from one of the lowest cap options to get crude from the Bakken into the Gulf Coast.
Edward Westlake: Right. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research is on the line. Your line is open. Mr. Sankey, please check that youre not on mute. Okay. Next, we have Phil Gresham with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresham: Hi there. Most of the questions have been asked. But I guess just in terms of the [indiscernible] you talked about pushing a couple of the projects maybe a year. But I guess to the extent that you run with the capital budget youre talking about for next year, what would that align with from an EBITDA standpoint 2018 or 2017 at this point in terms of kind of comparing your old midstream guidance to what this might imply considering that if I look at your old CapEx is about $4.35 billion plus then you have to add in about $600 million for DPL on that cap I think. So its closer to $5 billion.
Tim Taylor: Yes. This is Tim. So we get guidance analyst day of around $7 billion on midstream. I think that number is still pretty good. So I think the EBITDA associated with that, you take the existing EBITDA and you put the MLP, we talked about PSXP being over $1 billion. That still exist with that pool of over $1 billion of droppable EBITDA should we desire to do that. A lot of that cap are those in those development various stages in development. And then theres a backlog of projects. So were still on target. The absolute timing of that number may move out a year or so based on that. But fundamentally, that still has a great backlog of droppable EBITDA on the projects we have under development.
Phil Gresham: Okay. And then just a follow up on potentially I think back to the CPChem balance sheet, given that its self-funding proposition already, if you went down that path, is that something where you would consider incremental, just dividend in your incremental cash back to PSX or is that a bridge you havent really have crossed at this point?
Tim Taylor: Well, I think we look at CPChem and you look at the cash generation, you said good solid business, so it gives a flood of options and theres a lot of capacity there. So its possible that it could come back if we did that to the owners.
Greg Garland: Yes. I would just say were not opposed to putting debt at CPChem. And if you look historically, we just dont hold a lot of cash there.
Phil Gresham: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Brad Heffern with RBC is on the line. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern: Yes. Good afternoon, everybody. Just a follow up to one of the previous questions. I wonder if you can give your thoughts on the condensate splitter project in the context of likely more condensate exports happening this year are lightly processed condensate exports and what the advantage to maybe having it at a field level versus somewhere else.
Tim Taylor: This is Tim. I guess we continue to look at the process piece and say, with this slowdown, liquids production that we anticipate the EMPs have reduced their spend, we think that pushes that push on that really light condensate perhaps at least a year. But that said, I think weve looked at field and were prepared I think to address it from a how do you get it from the yield to a market center or to an export dock, is an opportunity. I think having a larger frac offers a lot of opportunities and options about where to go with the product and the types of exploring [ph] it to do where you do a deeper cut or just a topping piece. So exports are an option, filling out other parts of the refining system are an option. So we kind of like that centralized idea from the standpoint that we think it provides more market options ultimately in the system.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thats great color. And then thinking about the midstream side of things, have there been any more attractive M&A opportunities on the market given the downturn in commodity prices and how do you think about midstream acquisitions, potentially PSXP versus dropdown?
Tim Taylor: I mean were looking at that all the time. And what I would say is there appear to be a lot of distressed prices out there right now. We might say were a little surprised by that as we think that through but we just dont see any compelling cases out there today. But well continue to watch that.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have Faisal Khan from Citigroup on the line. Please go ahead.
Faisal Khan: Yes, good afternoon. Just one sort of theoretical question on DCT midstream. Were there any sort of tax impact to you, guys, if you were to spin if the joint venture partners decide to spin off entity to their current shareholders? So meaning that PSX and as the [ph] shareholders begin to provide the share DCT to be spun off. I mean I know you guys have both negative tax basis. So Im just trying to understand if that would solve the tax basis issues over the long run?
Greg Maxwell: Now, Faisal, this is Greg Maxwell. As part of the restructuring that Greg mentioned earlier, were looking at all those different ins and outs and the pros and cons of the different restructuring of which includes any tax impact. So it would come about as well as tax planning opportunities.
Faisal Khan: Okay. So its not clear yet if a spinoff of the asset would be tax free to you guys or not, is that a fair statement?
Greg Maxwell: I would say were still looking at it.
Faisal Khan: Okay, okay. Understood. And then just on the free port LPG export facility, can you guys just give us an update in terms of where you are with construction on that facility and when you expect the first exports?
Tim Taylor: Fai, this is Tim. So were progressing. Were about 35%, 40% complete, gone well during the field constructing. And so were actually doing dock modifications, building tanks, putting in the compressors or foundations, still on target to start that up in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got you. And then just going back to the results you guys talked about on the Atlantic side, you guys talked about a daily being down. But you talked about an FX impact. I didnt quite understand what the FX impact is or why it would show up given that most of what you sell is priced in dollar including fuel and cost around oil. So I just want to understand where the FX impact comes from.
Greg Maxwell: Faisal, this is Greg Maxwell again. One thing to keep in mind on the Atlantic side is thats inclusive of our European operations. So we also have exposure in euros and pounds. So it basically was driven more from the international piece for operations versus just looking at domestic.
Faisal Khan: Was FX a big impact or was it relatively small and it was Bayway just the primary driver.
Greg Maxwell: It was relatively small, but the driver really was in the international operations because when we look at Atlantic region, were taking into account also our European operations in addition to Bayway.
Faisal Khan: Okay, yes. I can understand like most of the refineries in Europe had a pretty stellar quarter. So Im just trying to understand the results on the Atlantic side. And I understand Bayway was a bit of a headwind there.
Kevin Mitchell: Faisal, this is Kevin. Its a function of revaluing the crude payable that we have in the U.K. so we have U.K. functional currency and the revaluation of that dollar denominated payable with a strengthening dollar environment, creates a loss.
Faisal Khan: Okay, okay. Understood. Thanks.
Tim Taylor: Faisal, one last comment from me. Just so we dont launch another ship today, I would say spinning DCT is way down the list of the same and so I wouldnt expect that that would emerge as a potential outcome.
Faisal Khan: No, I hear you. And the only reason Im asking is because - and I understand its not a near-term sort of outcome, but it seems like theres not always alignment at exact point in time between the joint venture partners. And while a long-term sort of alignment seems there, it seems like sometimes in the short run, there seems to be a misalignment. So Im just trying to understand if the way to solve that is to spin in our loss. But Im not sure.
Greg Garland: Yes. Thats not the current plan. So I think [indiscernible] and ourselves are aligned around the [indiscernible] were progressing our restructuring of the business. Well be able to tell you more about it in the coming months. And I think from our perspective, were satisfied that the DCT emerging from today as strong company that can meet its commitments and obligations. And well be the preferred supplier in the areas where it does business.
Faisal Khan: Okay. I appreciate those comments. Thanks.
Greg Garland: You bet. You bet.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thats all the time we have for questions today. I now turn the call back to Mr. Mitchell.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you very much for participating in the call today. We do appreciate your interest in the company. Youll be able to find the transcript of the call posted on our website shortly. And if you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact me or Rosy. Thanks very much.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Paulette [ph] and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, Vice President, Investor Relations. Kevin Mitchell, you may begin.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Paulette. Good morning and welcome to the Phillips 66 fourth quarter earnings call. With me this morning are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material we will be using this morning can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that well be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg Garland: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us today. We ended 2014 with a strong quarter. Adjusted earnings were $913 million and we generated more than $1 billion of cash. Full year 2014 adjusted earnings were $3.8 billion. We accomplished a lot this year starting with operating excellence. We spent just over $1 billion in maintenance capital. And from an operating reliability perspective, our businesses ran well. 2014 was our safest year so far. Refining, midstream, and chemicals were all top performers in recordable injury rates. We also made progress in our environmental performance. The strategy we shared first three years ago remains unchanged. Enhancing returns continues to be a key strategic objective. During 2014, total company adjusted return on capital employed was 14%. Chemicals, and marketing and specialties, both increased returns over 2013 at 27% and 32% respectively. Refinings adjusted return on capital employed was 12%. We continue to take steps in refining to enhance capital efficiency. From a portfolio perspective, we sold our interest in the Melaka refinery. We continue to limit growth in capital employed in our refining business. We completed several projects to access advantage crews. Weve doubled Eagle Ford and Bakken lease volumes. Around the Ponca City refinery, weve built out infrastructure for direct access to Mississippian Lime crude. At Alliance refinery, we modified the crude unit, increasing our ability to run shale crudes from 45,000 to 90,000 barrels a day. In addition, at Sweeny and Lake Charles refineries, we completed upgrades of FCC units improving yields. All these actions were taken to increase the returns of the business with relatively small investments. We continue to shift our portfolio into higher-valued businesses. In 2014, weve made significant advances on our growth plans. We reinvested $2.7 billion on growth projects. In midstream, we made good progress on NGL frac-1 project. Its now over 50% complete. The picture on the slide is the recent one of the site. We look forward to sharing with you updates as we near completion of this project later this year. We also advanced the LPG export terminal due to start up in 2016. Execution is going well and both of these projects are on schedule and on budget. Last year, we acquired the Beaumont terminal adding 7 million barrels of storage capacity and 600,000 barrels a day of export capacity to our system. We formed a joint venture with Energy Transfer to move crude oil via pipeline from North Dakota to Illinois and then on to the Gulf Coast in our terminal in Beaumont, Texas. We believe these pipelines will be one of the lowest cost options to transport Bakken crude directly to the Gulf Coast. We also increased our ownership in the Explorer Pipeline to 19.5% adding to our portfolio of MLP qualifying assets. We continue to grow Phillips 66 Partners. EBITDA increased over 100% versus last year. PSXP has an excellent asset base to grow from with multiple investment opportunities. We dropped assets valued over $1 billion at PSXP in 2014, including the Gold Line System, the Medford Spheres, as well as rail racks at Ferndale and Bayway. Distributions were up over 50%, and Phillips 66 as a general partner is now on the high RDR splits. In chemical CPChem spent $1.4 billion in growth capital last year, as construction continued that CPChems world-scale U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemical project. Starter for this facility is anticipated in mid-2017. CPChem also completed the 550 million per year one Hexane plant at Cedar Bayou and added attempt that going furnace at unit 33 at the Sweeney complex. The marketing specialties, we acquired Spectrum, a specialty lubricants business. This was a solid addition to our portfolio as it extended the lubricants value chain in the package business. It also provides for growth platform in international markets. We believe that capital allocation is a key factor in the future success of our company. During 2014 we distributed $3.8 billion in the form of dividend and share repurchases. We increased the annual dividend rate for the fourth time to $2 per share. And through repurchases and exchange, we reduced the share count by 91 million shares or 14% since August of 2012. Our financial strength and flexibility allows us to maintain a consistent approach in allocating capital in spite of volatile commodity markets. Excluding working capital impacts, we generated $4.5 billion of cash. We issued $2.5 billion of note, walking and attractively priced 20 year and 30 year debt. And we ended the year with cash of $5.2 billion and a net debt to capital ratio of 14%. As we look to 2015 we know we have to deal with the challenging commodity price environment. We understand the risk and the opportunity these change has create and believe that we have the right strategy to grow value at our company. In 2015 we have a $4.6 billion capital plan, 65% of which is dedicated to growing our Midstream businesses. Most of the projects in this plan are in play and are largely anchored by fee based contracts. You should expect regular updates from us regarding the progress made in expanding our Midstream footprint, growing our chemicals business, while enhancing returns in refining and returning capitals to our shareholders. So with that I am going to turn the call over to Greig Maxwell to review the quarter results.
Greg Maxwell: This is Greg. Good morning. Starting on Slide 4, fourth quarter adjust earnings were $913 million or $1.63 per share. We had several special items this quarter that impacted earnings in all of our segments, primarily related to the sale of our interest in the Melaka Refinery and impairments. Excluding special items, our adjusted effective income tax rate was 32%. Cash from operations excluding working capital for the quarter was $1.1 billion. From a capital allocation perspective, we reinvested $1.1 billion in the business and we returned over $800 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. For the year, our adjusted return on capital employed was 14%. In the next slide, Ill cover earnings for the full-year compared to 2013 prior to focusing on the results for the quarter. 2014 adjusted earnings were higher than 2013 as lower earnings from refining were more than offset by improvements from our chemicals and our midstream businesses. We had a 4% increase in adjusted earnings while adjusted earnings per share increased over 12%. This reflects the progress that weve made in reducing our share count. We ended the year with 546 million shares outstanding, down 44 million shares from year-end 2013. Slide six compares fourth quarter adjusted earnings with the third quarter on a segment basis. Overall, adjusted earnings were down $227 million, mainly driven by lower results in refining, partially offset by continued strong earnings in our Marketing and our Specialties segment. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail as we move forward. Starting with Midstream, our NGL business had a good quarter partially offsetting the lower earnings from DCP and transportation. The 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for this segment was 13% and this is based on an average capital employed of $4.2 billion. Moving on to the next slide, Midstreams fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $97 million, down $18 million from the third quarter. Transportations earnings for the quarter were $53 million which includes $26 million from our ownership interest in PSXP. The overall decrease of $5 million compared with the prior quarter is primarily due to the write off of a deferred tax asset, partially offset by improved throughput volumes in the fourth quarter. DCP midstream had losses this quarter, largely due to lower liquid prices, with our portion of the loss being $11 million. During the quarter, both NGL and WTI prices decreased by about 25%. More than 70% of the volumes of gas they gather and process are under percentage-of-proceeds or POP contracts which expose them to falling commodity prices that we saw during the fourth quarter. Our NGL business had higher earnings related to improve margins on seasonal propane and butane storage activities. This was partly offset by higher project development cost. Moving on to slide nine. In chemicals, the global olefins and polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 83% with the Port Arthur ethylene plant restarting in November. Results for SA&S were impacted by lower margins and lower volumes. And the 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for our chemicals segment was 27% based on an average capital employed of $4.5 billion. As shown on slide 10, fourth quarter adjusted earnings for chemicals were $270 million, down from $299 million. In olefins and polyolefins, the decrease of $11 million is largely due to higher plant and maintenance activities, as the impacts from Port Arthur being down were offset by the partial settlement of business interruption insurance claims. Fourth quarter domestic ethylene to polyethylene margins were in line with what we saw in the third quarter. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics had a $19 million decrease due to lower realized margins and volumes from CPChem's Middle East joint ventures. Moving on to the next slide. Refining had a good quarter despite a challenging market environment. We operate our refineries well and although the fourth quarter was a heavy turnaround period, we had a 95% crude utilization rate as we were able to service the conversion units at our Lake Charles and Sweeny refineries without significantly impacting our crude runs. During the quarter, we ran 95% advantage crude, in line with the third quarter. The 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for refining was 12% based on an average capital employed of $13.4 billion. The refining segment had adjusted earnings of $322 million, down $236 million from last quarter. Overall, refining was down due to lower crack spreads and narrower crude differentials. This was partially offset by lower impacts from secondary products resulting from the decrease in crude prices. Regionally, Atlantic Basin Europe had good margins as distillate crack spreads remained strong. Although gasoline cracks fell about 45%, distillate cracks improved by over 30% during the quarter. We benefited from these movements as our refineries ran well and are configured to produce more distillates. Market capture for Atlantic Basin Europe region during the fourth quarter was 84%, representing its highest capture rate over the past three years. And although the earnings of the Gulf Coast, Central Corridor and Western Pacific regions were lower compared to the third quarter, market capture for these regions also benefited from a high distillate yield. With the Gulf Coast and Central Corridor each having a market capture above 100%. Finally, the large swing in other refining as a result of a $93 million of adjusted earnings in the third quarter, compared with a $32 million net loss in the fourth quarter. The loss of this quarter is largely driven by negative timing impacts associated with crude purchases. Lets move on to the next slide on market capture. Our worldwide realized margin was $9.30 per barrel compared to $10.89 last quarter with our market capture improving from 73% to 89%. The market capture improved mainly as a result of our high distillate yield configuration coupled with stronger distillate cracks as well as improved secondary product margins. Partly offsetting these benefits was less feedstock advantage as crude differentials narrowed significantly this quarter. A regional view of our market capture is available in the appendix. Moving on to Marketing and Specialties, M&S had another great quarter that continued to benefit from strong margins. The 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for M&S was 32%, and this is based on an average capital employed of $2.7 billion. Moving on to Slide 15, adjusted earnings for M&S in the fourth quarter were $324 million, a $65 million increase. In marketing, both the third and fourth quarters were great quarters backed by strong margins. The improvement over the third quarter is mainly due to the reinstatement of biodiesel blending tax credits for 2014. Also, during the fourth quarter, we exported 143,000 barrels per day of clean products, representing an increase of 14,000 barrels per day from the prior quarter. Specialties earnings were $68 million, an increase of $25 million increase from the third quarter. This increase is mainly due to improved lubricant and base oil margins. Moving on to Corporate and Other, this segment had after-tax cost of $100 million, compared with $91 million last quarter. The increase was largely due to higher interest expense associated with the debt we issued during the quarter. Next, Ill talk about our capital structure. During the fourth quarter, we issued $2.5 billion of notes. We ended 2014 with a debt-to-cap ratio of 28%. And after taking into consideration, our ending cash balance of $5.2 billion, our net debt-to-capital ratio was 14%. Next, well cover cash flow for the fourth quarter and also for the year. Starting on the left, excluding working capital, cash from operations was $1.1 billion. Working capital changes were a negative impact of $200 million, largely due to a reduction in payables driven by lower crude prices. As mentioned earlier, we issued $2.5 billion of notes and we had proceeds from asset dispositions of almost $600 million, mainly from the sale of our interest in the Melaka Refinery. We funded $1.1 billion of capital expenditures in investments and we made distributions of $800 million in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $5.2 billion. This is up $2.1 billion from the prior period. Switching now to a full year view on cash flow, during 2014, we generated over $7 billion of cash from operations, debt issuances, and non-core asset sales. From a capital allocation perspective, 50% of the proceeds were directed towards reinvesting in the company and 50% for shareholder distributions. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Ill now cover a few outlook items. Starting with full-year guidance for 2015, in refining, we expect pre-tax turnaround cost to be $625 million to $675 million. Corporate and other expenses for the year will be $425 million to $450 million after tax. And our total DD&A will be in the $1.1 billion range. Moving now to the first quarter, in chemicals, we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the high 80s. In refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to also be in the high 80s as pre-tax turnaround expense will be approximately $170 million. Both chemicals and refining are expecting high turnaround activity in the first quarter and this is reflected in the respected utilization rates. In corporate and other, we expect this segments after-tax cost to run about a $110 million for the first quarter. And company-wide, we expect the effective income tax rate to be in the mid-30s. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hi, good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Evan Calio: My first question is on refining and I was wondering if you could discuss the developing and steeping contango and how that may benefit Phillips, especially given the structural way in which the crude markets are being forced to balance with the U.S. as a new [indiscernible] and I have a follow up.
Greg Garland: Yeah, Evan, I look at it from our commercial standpoint it creates some opportunities around that. So its one of the things that have opened up opportunities with that. I think longer term it just speaks to still a lot of expected recovery and with the inventory building it seems like thats going to be something that kind of keeps the market in a bit of a [indiscernible], with this much contango I think we still look for a fairly, Id say fluent and soft market for crude going forward.
Evan Calio: Great, makes sense. My second question is on DCP. And given the current results and the commodity price environment and the recent Moodys downgraded at DCP midstream LLC. I mean do you see any opportunity there to consolidate or may you have to inject any liquidity into DCP, any thoughts or color on what I appreciate in evolving situation?
Greg Garland: Sure. Well so first of all we like DCP, we think its a great asset. We continue to think that the NGL value chain is going to be a very attractive chain to us. This venture is going on 15 years. We value with the partnership, with spectrum that we have here. And by the way, this isnt the first weve seen commodity prices go down in this business. So, we aware of these crisis before if you want to call it that. I think that if you start with just self help, first of all the DCP team is doing a great job. Theyre focusing on running the asset safely and reliably and that builds value by doing that. I think [indiscernible] and his team are doing a great job in terms of pulling in levers they can pull. Aggressive cost reduction, aggressive reductions in capital. In 2014, DCP level were circling around $1.6 billion, we probably had $800 million out of that in 2015. So, significant reductions in capital spending. The owners have agreed to forego distributions coming out of DCP in this low commodity price environment. That said, if NGL stay at $0.55, that probably doesnt fix DCP for 2015. And the owners are, I would say weve had on going and were still talking about restructuring options for DCP, but clearly important asset is one that well get fixed and it will weather the storm.
Evan Calio: Okay, I appreciate that.
Greg Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: The global market is oversupplied by some thing like 1 million to 2 million barrels a day depended on whose forecast you look at over the first half of the year and weve seen some weakness in brand in some of the West African crudes that I assume are being offered attractively into Bayway and even into the U.S. Gulf Coast. I was hoping you could talk a little about what you are seeing there? Are you seeing escalating competition among your suppliers? Do you expect further deterioration in the Atlantic Basin crude market or as floating storage starting to stabilize it?
Tim Taylor: Jeff, its Tim. I think fundamentally were looking at the options now on the East Coast to whats the right value, so were still bringing in inland crudes by rail but it clearly the advantage is narrowed. So I look the East Coast will think thats a logical place that you start to see perhaps some adjustment with the values that sit there. And as far as the Gulf Coast probably not quite as much incentive there with all of the inland crude showing up there, but I think fundamentally this increased supply in terms of import options will put pressure on the inland U.S. crudes and thats why we would expected this on the U.S. piece to come back out from where theyve been. So I think thats more of the fundamental, but you are right that they had oversupply but yet it still work its way through the system. On the storage piece with the forward markets, there's a lot of incentive on that and so thats occurring but at some point that becomes something its got to be corrected, so thats why the inventory overhangs still portends some weakness I think on the flat price.
Greg Garland: I think given the forward curve, our view though is storage continues to fill out to it full. And I guess the other complicating issue thats always hard to get your arms around is - how much refinery maintenance is really going to happen but it looks like were heading into a fairly heavy spring refinery turnaround season, which is going to put its own pressures on prices and debts.
Jeff Dietert: Secondly, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about chemical margins for CPChem. Theyve got a large component of having exposure and internationally I think simplistically the market set more on nap the crackers which net prices is softened with crude and yet you had a pretty strong fourth quarter. I was hoping you could comment on first quarter or current outlook and what you see happening in 2015, why is we wont be able to track it and appreciate those changes?
Greg Garland: Yeah, Jeff, when you look at the fourth quarter clearly feedstock prices continue to fall faster than product price. So you got to look both the demand side as well as the feedstock cost. I think product prices are likely to respond a bit more as we go forward, but still fairly good operating rates and pretty good demand in the chemical business particularly in the U.S. So pretty strong market here, but we would expect that as you go forward that the feedstock got derivative price with narrow somewhat, but still expect the pretty good year in chemicals from a historical perspective. In terms of the cost curve, its actually simplistically, yes, the gap between ethane is narrowed, but fundamentally because of the total chain margin ethane is still very preferred for us in the U.S. as we maximize the value of the cracking slates. So I think that has a longer term impact which helps to bring those margins in. But again we look at the demand side and still see a lot of upside with that in the U.S. And then if you look at the - what could happen in the U.S. - the world economy with lower crude price as we think thats a good boost for demand on the chemical side as well. So I think there is a lot of demand side support with that so again we are still expecting pretty good year on chemicals.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
Greg Garland: Yes, good morning, just checking.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could have two quick ones please. First of all, just away from the operational business, just for a second, I am just looking at the chart you have on your net debt range which not decide towards about 30% but the day as you - you did recently you are sitting about 28%. Is there any withdrawal from not in terms of how you deal with buybacks particularly given where your share prices and just overall capital allocation, does that there is any constraints on you or is this some needs to expect to manage through not too much concerned.
Greg Maxwell: No, I dont think you put constraints on to all. I think that we did delever coming out of the gate by $2 billion and we did that with great capacity, we saw an opportunity to the lock in some long term debt is what we think is very attractive prices and so we took it. We also have some nodes coming due in 2015 and I think about $800 million. So we are look at that when that comes but we are committed to our 40, 60 distribution capital allocation policy that we laid out a year ago or two years ago. Weve got a big capital program in front of us in 2015 mostly imply project that we are going I think its going to have a lot of value to our midstream business. So we are going to execute that. At the same time continue with the pretty aggressive distribution program to shareholders.
Doug Leggate: Okay, thanks for that, may be just back to the operations for a second and on my follow up. So obviously we capture a pretty strong. I want to pick in a follow up on Evans question. How much of recapture rate outlook or I guess the fourth quarter, but also the outlook is transitory as a result of the bottom of the barrel lag if you like, but more importantly, on the contango issue, that was something that you think would have a meaningful durable benefit to you or something which is more transitory? Im trying to get a measure of how big of an appetite you guys have to really try and exploit that contango if its material or if its something that is incremental, Ill leave it there? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Well on the secondary products, I mean, clearly as the crude price falls, the losses on the secondary products that those product prices dont move. So we got quite a bit more value uplift, so to speak, on the secondary products and that was a big factor in the capture rate improvement. So thats kind of that dynamic that worked, so just lower feedstock prices helped that typically. On the contango, I look at it really as its going to be part of our normal course of business, were not changing where we go in terms of our commercial activity, it does create more opportunity for that and I look at it more in that line, but were not fundamentally shifting our business model to work off that contango.
Doug Leggate: Got it. Thanks fellas.
Greg Garland: You bet, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning.
Greg Garland: Hey, Paul, good morning.
Paul Cheng: I have several hopefully quick questions. On page 25 of your presentation, when you're looking at the Gulf Coast capture rate, the last bar, just call it other around 3.60, what are the major drivers behind?
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, were trying to catch up with you here. On the Gulf Coast, right?
Paul Cheng: Thats correct, page 25.
Greg Maxwell: It is really product differential was the biggest piece of that.
Greg Garland: Yeah.
Paul Cheng: Thats the product differentials?
Greg Garland: Yeah, the distillate gasoline crack and then - that really drove that and its widening based on our opportunities that we had in the fourth quarter.
Paul Cheng: I thought thats being captured in the configuration, is it?
Clayton Reasor: No, so that actually Paul, Its Clayton, its the difference between the marker and our actual product netback, so to the extent that we get a higher price for gasoline or distillate compared to the Gulf Coast marker. So it would reflect, if we move product out of the Gulf Coast into Florida for example or other locations or export it, that gain is captured in that bar. Yeah.
Paul Cheng: Okay, and then so I presume that the wholesale and [indiscernible] all into that part?
Greg Garland: Thats right.
Greg Maxwell: Any kind of value added that we get above that market price.
Greg Garland: Now that does not include the uplift in marketing.
Greg Maxwell: No.
Greg Garland: Okay. So the - lets say the wholesale margin between the wholesale to rack differential is really captured in the marketing segment not captured there.
Paul Cheng: Okay, but up to - the rack is captured in here.
Greg Garland: Thats correct.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And, Tim, it is for you. I think that there is a couple of companies that now trying to directly bring all your full pipeline into the [indiscernible] you guys are having one proposal and I think that just went through the open season. Can you give us an update on how is the response and whether that you actually think that will be moving ahead?
Tim Taylor: Yeah, so the DAPL, ETCOP line from the Bakken to the Gulf Coast, that piece is going forward. The terms arent disclosed successful on projects moving forward. So in terms of construction, engineering, and still looking at the end of 2016 and we are currently in a kind of an extensionalized system from Beaumont terminal east into Louisiana, and so that process is ongoing. And so its really too early to comment, but we think that projects still got some good potential as well.
Paul Cheng: Tim, what kind of timeline - that I know that its still early day from the -- brining into the vision, were talking about a - may be more clear whether the project going forward or not in another year or again what kind of timeline we may be looking?
Tim Taylor: In the east down piece of that [Indiscernible]
Paul Cheng: Thats correct.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think well have the opportunity to have that decision on investment this year.
Paul Cheng: Okay, that early?
Greg Garland: Yeah.
Paul Cheng: And that 2.11 on the NGL MLP-able asset that you guys talking about $1 billion EBITDA, and can you just tell us that what is the percentage of that expected $1 billion EBITDA has been under long-term single [ph] pay and fixed by contracts? The last question is that, I think some of your peers that has came out, including one just this morning that with a new -- maybe more transparent pace and higher pace of asset drop down to their MPL and also with a quite direct part of the EBITDA on their MPL. Wondering that, is that something you guys currently reveal and maybe coming up with a new [indiscernible] also?
Tim Taylor: I think, we said in the past of the MLP-able EBITDA in our midstream segment both today and what we are building is roughly 80% fee-based, if you look at that in its entirety. And as far as drops, we dropped a $1 billion of assets in 2014. We increased the distribution by 50%. I think, as you think about 2015, were going to remain aggressive in terms of how we utilize the MLP really to help fund the growth of our midstream program. Tim, if you want to add anything on there?
Tim Taylor: Yeah. Sure, Paul. I think that on the contract question the supply side and the frac were in good shape. We got the uptick in the terminal. We have not disclosed the percentages. But we made the comment that the implied capital that these are large independent contract, so we feel very good about the success of that track one in the LPG terminal. So thats kind of in line with Gregs comment on the fee-based, the commercial piece is coming together on that pretty nicely.
Paul Cheng: Alright. Thank you.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Yes, good morning and Ill see us in some good downstream results from in fact this morning. I wanted to come back to Dougs line of questioning on the 28% gearing. Obviously youve said that youre going to try and help DCP and obviously you got a heavy capital investment program and then obviously youve said you want to be committed to as a shareholder distribution. If for some reason you know that say midstream and chemicals is tougher this year and feel free to disagree with that statements and maybe cash flow is a bit short. How would you square the circle? What is the priority list?
Greg Garland: I would start with 14% net debt to capital. We got $5.2 billion on the cash on the balance sheet. I mean, we thought about this, we plan for this moment, Ed, and so we positioned the company to successfully execute its plans in 2015 and 2016. So I dont think that we are concerned about it. Our view is that chemicals business is going to be pretty good in 2015 and that will continue to be self funding in 2015. DCP is going to be under some stress and we are talking about what potential solutions we can do for DCP with the partners. So I am just - I am not really concerned about 2015 in cash. Weve already said we are going to operate 2020 to 30% debt to cap ratio. We are certainly in line with that. We will protect and defend our investment grade rating at PSX thats important to us as weve said many times in the past.
Edward Westlake: Okay. And then that was my second question around demands. I mean obviously everyone focuses on ethylene prices which sort of get linked to oil. You guys made polyethylene which has lagged the decline in oil, but people expect it to fall. But maybe give us some of the rationale why you think chemicals will still be good in 2015 with the oil price having fallen?
Greg Garland: Well, first of all, let me talk about - let me backed up and kind of finished your first question. One important piece I missed was around distributions to shareholders and so we have been out there consistently saying and expect double digit increases in dividend, that's so good. 40 - 60 capital allocation, we talk a lot about. We remain committed to that. You moved the chemical business, I think people were discounting the impact of $50 crude globally, in terms of economic activity, demand for petrochemical products. In fact we are seeing increased demand for even refined products. And so I think the demands are the equations priorly a little better than what people were thinking in terms of 2015. And so we are seeing fairly robust demand in the U.S for petchems. European kind of moving sideways, Asia had weakened in the fourth quarter, but looks like maybe coming back to us. And so I think that fundamentally demand its going to be good for petrochemical products, and there is not a lot of new capacity coming on at 2015. So were seeing globally marginally higher operating rates, which directionally should be positive for margins.
Edward Westlake: Yeah.
Greg Garland: And we do expect some narrowing on that. Its just really hard to call, because youve got this offsetting effect on demand side. So I think that is why we still say, we look at a exceptional year on the margin side with ethylene based cracking in the U.S and its probably just going to soften off of that somewhat. So really hard to call how much, but its unlikely would fall in unison with the change in the naphtha price.
Edward Westlake: Maybe what I was trying to get at. Just on the one small question then on Slide 8 - sorry Slide 8 of your recent presentation you have this $2.3 billion Midstream in refining logistics EBITDA for 2018. That was excluding DCP, so I was just wondering, as we think maybe of a tougher environment how much of that would you put in these sort of at-risk category, if any?
Greg Maxwell: I think as we step back we look at the crude oil pipe in the Bakken, we look at the LPG terminal, we look at track one, those are in quiet, weve got some smaller things, under payment good contract. So that is over a $1 billion right there in terms of incremental EBITDA. And so I would say that it probably pushes out perhaps some of that infrastructure, we still like that target, in terms of the EBITDA. But we have - that is a tremendous cooler stuff in play that we have plus, what is left at PSX. So I guess, we looked at 2.3 and say the 2017 or is it pushed out a bit and I think moving parts currently with the change in the U.S. liquids growth, I think we just want the market clarity around those projects. And so I think we are going to close some of that, but a big chunk of that still step that we committed to and underpinned with good contracts and frankly good fundamentals.
Edward Westlake: Thanks guys, thanks a lot.
Greg Maxwell: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Wheel. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hi, guys good morning. Question for you continuing on the Midstream theme, its obviously youve got an awful lot of drop down opportunity and organic opportunities there, but it seems like with the collapse in crude prices some of the EMP companies may have some assets coming to market that could be available, just curious if you could talk about M&A opportunities, is that something that would be of interest or do you have your hands full with the organic opportunities there?
Greg Garland: No, I think we have a great currency with PSXP and I think with the right opportunity we might be interested in that. Our focus today remains on executing into organic projects and so we will just, I think we will see how the market unfolds here in 2015, but I dont disagree with the idea that there could be some distressed assets out there in 2015.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, thanks Greg. The second question now that, I guess we focus along on light suite and it seems like heavy shower spreads are coming back into favor. Im looking at slide 34 of your slide back here, but Im just curious is there any flexibility that you can kind of provide to us as a percentage of maybe shifting the crudes slight away from light suite back to heavy processing?
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think weve looked at it and weve really - if you think about our configuration globally we are about 65% light, 35% heavy. We typically optimize a heavy around heavy so its a lot harder to make that optimization, takes a lot of dip so we still focus on the light piece in terms of where weve been getting capability and I think we would believe that that light opportunity is going to be reemerge a little bit more strongly as the year develops as we see, we would expect this on U.S crudes to come back out reflect more dip. So there's a not just a tremendous amount of flexibility, you can always do some adjustments, but its really kind of fixed around that and then we just optimize around that kit.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Garland: [Indiscernible] optimize a run more heavy as a percentage of quarter. [indiscernible].
Blake Fernandez: Okay, thank you guys, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Paul Sankey: I just had a question on the dollar, how does the strong dollar effect you guys, if at all, thanks.
Greg Garland: Certainly, Paul we look at that from a different - where our functional currencies are in everything and the dollar strengthening as far as looking at it from a global perspective or our international has a slight impact, but not - I wouldnt say it was an overall significant impact on us.
Greg Maxwell: Paul, probably the one business where we would see that would be kind of exports on petrochemicals and the competition for export markets, a lower dollar would increase to contingency of Asian manufacturer. So there can be some effect from the dollar just in terms of exports more in those materials markets, but not so much I dont believe in the fuels.
Paul Sankey: Yeah. I guess basically because you sell in dollars right so?
Greg Garland: Right.
Greg Maxwell: Right.
Paul Sankey: So something around to the internal point of view of the function of currency it kind of doesnt make any difference to your numbers, is just a question of whether the market is weaker, as a whole right?
Greg Garland: [indiscernible] affect the operating cost.
Paul Sankey: Yeah. did you, just forgive me if I missed, did you talk about your exports levels and stuff I am sure if you gave that number, but just I want the usual question on how much was exported in the quarter regards the petroleum products? Thanks.
Greg Garland: So we were up slightly from the third quarter to around the 400,000 barrels a day. We were down from last year. And frankly, just reflected the fact that we had better options for placements in the U.S. it was not really a lack of access or opportunity, it was more, our optimization around where is the best product placement for those products.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, [indiscernible] its interesting. So theres no sort of notional limitation on your ability to export it just a market function?
Greg Garland: Yeah
Paul Sankey: Would that be I means it seems a bit pretty roughly on the Chicago market, would that be selling into the Mid Con or into the East Coast as opposed to exposing? What is the better opportunity that you referred to?
Greg Garland: So, [indiscernible] I think about the Gulf Coast from an export platform is our primary vehicle, some of the West Coast as well, but really its the Gulf Coast and we just had better so to say inland placement opportunities in the U.S. when we had for exports. So we just always try to add the best value and we just optimized around the highest netback.
Paul Sankey: Yeah. Ive got it.
Greg Garland: Okay.
Paul Sankey: Okay, thanks guys. I think most of the other stuffs has been answered. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresham from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresham: Hey, good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Phil Gresham: A couple of quick ones, one is just on CPChem, is there any possibilities that the both partners would agree on a less conservative balance sheet strategy at this stage or and I know its self funding but is that - something like completely off the table?
Greg Garland: I think we have capacity at CPChem has a pristine balance sheet. And I think, may be - we can certainly go to that.
Phil Gresham: Okay. And then just on the buyback plan for this year. You talked about coming into the double digit increase in the dividend, just given the balance sheet positioning off and potential negative free cash flow. So that would you consider being a bit more conservative on the amount of buybacks that you do this year kind of relative to the run rate we saw on the second half noting that obviously you had some asset sales that helped in the fourth quarter and things like that.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. So we always hesitate to get too far out in front, but I mean as long as we are trading below in terms of value, we're going to buy shares and share price is low where we are going to buy more, weve been pretty consistent about that.
Phil Gresham: Okay, last one would just be in terms of the feedstocks that you used in the chemicals business, I think you have a fair amount of flexibility. Is that something you are looking at, does that cost any money to make that kind of switch and do you see any kind of meaningful contribution from doing something like that?
Tim Taylor: On the chemical side, they look at that almost daily and then - things that changes but you got to consider not only the feedstock cost which I think about the marginal contribution in the products that you get. So for CPChem for instance lot of ethylene consumption internally and so that factors into the total contribution. So its really an optimization around which feedstock, and then which products and what the pricing and right now there are still - its still favors ethylene because of agile to ethylene versus say a propane but thats something thats being watched and when that begins to change you can see that switch in the petrochemical industry. So a lot of flexibility there, but it is still hanging pretty tight in the industry basis to ethane right now - thats an U.S. perspective.
Greg Garland: The other thing I would say I mean Sweeny team [ph] is heavily levered to LPG fees and we imply would not make the investments to modify facilities to crack more liquids mostly in line with our view the LPG is going to be advantaged over the long-term.
Phil Gresham: Sure, absolutely. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning guys.
Tim Taylor: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: So one part of the business you may not began for credit for here is the wholesale business in wholesale segment, especially if you look at wholesale and retail comps what based on over the last couple of months - and the value increase they have seen. Would you ever consider monetizing wholesale in MLP or spin off and then if so wherewith logical place be in-house with players PSX are an independent vehicle.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, when I look at the wholesale its a business thats typically very solid, so we are - thats something weve not putting into our thinking perceive we have all the other projects on that. But it is something we could consider so MLP four of that would be an option and so its something well continue look at, but it is not really the focus point at this point. But I think as that gets clear and when we see how the opportunity and the market accepts that kind of move then that could be a option for us.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Tim. And then on Slide 23 you show some sensitivities here to WTI, NGL and then changes in the chain margins. Is there any back over the envelope we could do if you aggregate the three components together, lets say every $5 change in brand or every $5 change in crude does this to our net income?
Greg Garland: I think
Greg Maxwell: Well, this thing is up really built that way. This is Greg. We hold the other commodity prices constants when we apply those sensitivity. So you really cant add those up and come up with an overall sensitivity to a movement in net price or brent-WTI.
Greg Garland: Yeah, we havent waited there.
Greg Maxwell: We have not. Yeah. So it may overstate the impact of the commodity price movement has on our net income, if you just took the approach of adding all those things up.
Neil Mehta: Fair enough. And last question is related to global demand to pick on your point where you said there that you expect a sequential pick up here in 2015 versus 2014. Is that pick-up that you anticipate - where do you expect it regionally? And then specifically in the U.S. as you think about the outlook for diesel demand versus the outlook for gasoline demand, which of those two end markets do you see greater opportunity for growth in 2015?
Greg Garland: I think on the distillate in U.S. just keeps going if industrial activity, so with - I think thats been consistent. I think the surprise upside will be the gasoline piece and what is the consumer response to lower prices are driving, we are seeing early signs that demand has picked up. And so we anticipate with lower prices that you should see some favorable demand impact particularly with the gasoline. I would look at distillate to be a bit more of stable in terms of where it has been versus the gasoline. I think thats where the real variable would be for us.
Neil Mehta: On crude dist?
Greg Garland: On crude dist?
Neil Mehta: Yeah. What do you see on crude dist?
Greg Garland: So the crude dist, again we think the crude dist on the U.S. crude should widen, the brent-WTI should widen back out to something reflecting more of the differential. Cushing inventories are building inventories are building really in the U.S. Thats going to put pressure on that and when people look at the import option. So I dont think that the inter-crude competition so to speak has yet played out. So we expect that to widen which also could have a favorable impact on the business.
Neil Mehta: Tim, would you be willing to put a point of estimate in terms of brent-WTI, where do you think [indiscernible]?
Greg Garland: Im going to let him do that because hes always wrong.
Greg Maxwell: Certainly been tight. I think its been harder than we had expect, but I think if you look at that, weve always said something around $6 to $10 in WTI-brent, thats probably too large I think.
Neil Mehta: For 15?
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, for $15 with where flat prices are. So there is still something thats got several dollars a barrel advantage $4 to $5 on [indiscernible] it seems makes sense with some discount we would think around LLS as well.
Neil Mehta: Perfect, thanks guys.
Greg Maxwell: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Thanks good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: Guess, we could come back to the Midstream in the DCP issues there. I know there is no way that youd have to make a commitment at this point. We all know well whats going on in terms of the credit ratings in that business. Yes you were to find yourself in a situation where you needed to do funding of that? What are the mechanics around that sort of the partnership? What would you need both sides to agree is it enough for one side to agree just sort of trying to understand how that could progress?
Greg Garland: I think you got the governments documents, it takes unanimous consent of the partners taking action around the structure, financial structure of the company.
Roger Read: And that would be yourselves and Spectra correct?
Greg Garland: Spectra, thats correct.
Roger Read: Okay. And is there any sort of a quit call or anything in that agreement?
Greg Garland: There is a [indiscernible] in terms of an exit by one of the parties, but there is no quit call in the agreement.
Roger Read: Okay, thats helpful. And then on a - I guess just sort of a look back in the fourth quarter here taking a look at slide 25 and some of these questions were asked before. But the weakness in the secondary products and I understand how you were saying earlier compares to an index. But little surprised typically on following crude environment that secondary products actually gets an uplift not a downdraft as we think about realized margins, particularly sometime out on the Gulf Coast here, but then in your marketing and specialties business you talked in the specialties, you know the lub and the base oils actually did get a nice uplift as wed expect, I just wonder what the cross currents where in that area and maybe thats something that reverses as we go into first part of 15?
Greg Maxwell: So, I think taken the secondary products first. As the crude price falls, the other products prices can move, they dont move in unison with crude, so the crude price falls, so if they sell less than crude price then your gap between what you realize in net back and the cost so to speak of the feedstock is down. So its not, if the prices here, like LPG prices fell, but not by the same absolute amounts that you actually get an uplift say on that some of the same things. So its kind of more of the reflection of the feedstock cost moving faster than the product price move and so you have less of a loss on the secondary products. Then, the second product question.
Roger Read: Well, I just - my question is the secondary products appear to be a loss if I am reading this correctly.
Greg Garland: They are, when compared to the third quarter was less of a loss, so its about $6 in the third quarter and this is about $4 yeah.
Roger Read: So its not really a change its what the actual realizations are on those kind of products?
Greg Garland: Correct.
Roger Read: All right, so it was more profitable on the fourth quarter on the secondary products, good. Got it.
Greg Garland: Yeah, better margin.
Roger Read: And then the base oils in the loops business that I guess a similar dynamic at work there?
Greg Garland: Yeah, I mean I think youve got feedstock fast falling faster than the market prices and the finished products and base oil product margins are really set off to a supply demand on that. So, its a very similar story to a lot of our business. So, we benefited from really that fall off versus a unison fall in the product price.
Roger Read: Okay, thats it from me. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: And our next comes from Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern: Good morning everyone.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Brad Heffern: Just looking at the Western Pacific segment of the refining business, obviously Melaka is not going to be in the portfolio anymore starting in 2015 and I suspect that that probably had worse margins than the other refineries that are in that segment. Is any color you can give as to maybe what that segment would like historically without that in the portfolio or maybe how you expect margins to change going forward?
Greg Garland: Yeah, I will say that first of all we worked on the denominator, so we have less capital employ and by selling it our EBITDA actually improves in the West Coast.
Brad Heffern: We can probably get to a better answer than that. Gregs working on that.
Greg Garland: If we normalized out and just basically strip all the impact to Melaka our West Coast performance would have been just slightly less than a $300 million loss in the fourth quarter, sorry.
Brad Heffern: Okay, got it. Thats perfect, thanks. And then just thinking about you all having a lot of major projects under construction on the Gulf Coast. Is there any chance that sort of the big drop in crude oil here is going to make the labor market a little looser and maybe help you hit those cost targets?
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think directionally it is helpful to us. Some projects are getting pushed or cancelled and that should free up availability. I would say at this point we are more than half way through on track one and we havent seen the inflationary pressures that we thought we might see on those projects, particularly quickly around the Freeport/Sweeney area, where there is a lot of work going on. To begin to have some work going on, we have work others in that area have work going on Dell, Freeport et cetera. So I would say that we are executing well in that environment and directionally it should be helpful in terms of: a) schedule; and b) cost.
Brad Heffern: Great, thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Kevin Mitchell for closing comments.
Kevin Mitchell: Okay, thank you very much for participating in the call this morning. We do appreciate your interest. You will be able to find the transcript of the call posted on our web site shortly. And if you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact me or Rosy. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell [ph], Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you, Christine. Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66 third quarter conference call. With me this morning are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material we will be using this morning can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 web site, along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking comments during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page, as well as in our filings with the SEC. So that said, I will turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening comments. Greg?
Greg Garland: Thanks Kevin. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Third quarter was a good quarter for us. In refining and marketing, we operated well. We are able to capitalize on a strong market environment. We executed our scheduled turnarounds and we did so safely, and as you know, that's very important to us. Our chemicals business, despite downtime at the CPChem Port Arthur facility, earnings were strong, also reflecting favorable market conditions. We are delivering our commitment to grow our Midstream business. On the picture in front of you, that's a picture of the Sweeny Frac 1, its progressing nicely, as is the LPG Export Facility at Freeport. We look forward to giving you frequent updates on these important projects. We are also evaluating the opportunity for second frac, have a capacity of 110,000 barrels a day. We expect to reach a final investment decision mid-2015. It will be up and operational mid-2017. We are continuing to build on our midstream momentum. We have plans for 200,000 barrel a day crude and condensate line, that will connect the Eagle Ford to our Sweeny refinery and our Freeport terminal. Five Points will have the capacity to expand to over 400,000 barrels a day. We are also considering condensate processing options. Yesterday we announced the formation of two joint ventures with Energy Transfer to develop the Dakota Access pipeline, and the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline, or DAPL and ETCOP. We will have a 25% in these JVs, and our proportional share of the construction costs is approximately $1.2 billion. Collectively, DAPL and ETCOP will have the capacity to move around 450,000 barrels a day of crude from North Dakota to market centers in the Midwest and the Gulf Coast. ETCOP will collect directly to our Beaumont terminal that we recently acquired. We did close on the Beaumont terminal this quarter. We bought this asset for what I can be. It has a great footprint, has a great location, great employees, and in our view, tremendous value creation opportunity. So we are very excited about this asset. Currently, it has over 7 million barrels of storage capability. We see the opportunity to expand this to 12 million barrels. So I think you will see us move soon to start expansion of this facility. Beaumont gives us deepwater access and the capability to export crude and products of 600,000 barrels a day, that more than doubles our current capacity. We think this terminal integrates nicely with our midstream growth plants, and also provide our Louisiana refineries increased access to advantaged crudes. Last September, we said that by 2018, we expect to have access capable generating about $2.3 billion of EBITDA that could be dropped into our Master Limited Partnership. This estimate did not include EBITDA, which we expect from the newly announced DAPL or ETCOP projects. [Indiscernible], as we continue to execute our midstream strategy of growth, EBITDA destined for our Master Limited Partnership, PSXP will continue to expand as well. We will utilize Phillips 66 Partners as a source of funds to grow midstream. Last weeks announced 340 million drop further demonstrates our commitment to PSXP and our desire to grow it. The rail-unloading facilities at our Bayway and Ferndale refineries and the Cross Channel Connector Pipeline are great assets, they tie into and they support our operations. Also with Cross Channel Connector, PSXP will grow organically, and we anticipate PSXP's ability to continue to execute additional midstream growth projects will increase. Integrated with our Midstream growth plans is our focus on enhancing refining returns by accessing advantaged crudes. We see crude by rail continuing, delivering domestic crudes to the East and West Coast. By early 2015, we will have 3,700 railcars dedicated to crude oil movement. We are constructing a rail-loading facility, with up to 200,000 barrels a day of capacity in North Dakota. In August, our company began operations at a 75,000 barrel a day rail-rack at the Bayway refinery, and a 30,000 barrel a day of rail-rack at our Ferndale refinery is in the commissioning phase. This quarter, we improved our advantaged crude capture to 95%. So we are working on a great portfolio of midstream projects. Our Board recently approved a $1.2 billion additional capital for DAPL and ETCOP pipelines, and we expect that this spend will occur over the next two years. This is in addition to our prior guidance around 2015, and we do not plan on slowing down our investments in NGL and LPG projects. We will provide you with an update of our 2015 capital program in December, once we have reviewed it with our Board. As a management team, we remain focused on capital allocation. You should expect double digit increases in dividends for the next couple of years. Our view is that our dividends are secure. They need to be growing and they need to be competitive. We have increased the dividend 28% this year. Of the $7 billion of share repurchases that have been authorized by our board, we have repurchased $4.4 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased 6 million shares, and at quarter end, we had 554 million shares outstanding. We will continue to buy our shares, as long as they trade below the intrinsic value. We believe doing so creates value for the shareholders of Phillips 66. And finally I'd say, we feel comfortable that we have the capacity to fund an aggressive capital program, and still maintain a strong focus to shareholder distributions. We are committed to sharing our success with the owners of our company. We have multiple sources of funds, including cash from operations, our balance sheet, cash on hands, our Master Limited Partnership. We are at the low end of our debt-to-cap ratio, and that provided with other sources, provides us with optionality, and also the capacity to continue to grow, and grow our distributions. So with that, I will turn it over to Greg, to go through the quarter's results.
Greg Maxwell: Thanks Greg. Good morning. Starting on slide 4, third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.1 billion or $2.02 per share. We had two special items this quarter, that impacted our Chemicals and our Marketing and Specialties segments. In Chemicals, there were impairments at CPChem, mainly related to the Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics business and in Marketing, we recognized a portion of the deferred gain from the sale of a power plant last year. Adjusting for these special items, the effective tax rate was 33% for the third quarter. Cash from operations excluding working capital for the quarter was $1.3 billion. We funded $1.5 billion in investments, and we paid $771 million in shareholder distributions. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 22%, and after taking into consideration our ending cash balance of $3.1 billion, our net debt-to-capital ratio was 12% at the end of the third quarter. And finally, our annualized adjusted year-to-date return-on-capital employed was 14%. Slide 5 compares third quarter adjusted earnings with the second quarter on a segment basis. Overall, third quarter adjusted earnings were up $277 million, mainly driven by higher results in refining, as well as in our Marketing and Specialties segment. I will cover each of these segments in more detail, as we move forward. Starting with Midstream; during the quarter, we saw increased volumes across all of our business lines, and in transportation, we closed on the Beaumont terminal acquisition. The annualized year-to-date return on capital employed for Midstream was 14%, and this is based on an average capital employed of $4.1 billion. Slide 7 shows Midstream's third quarter earnings of $115 million, up slightly from the $108 million last quarter. Transportation and DCP Midstream earnings were in line with the prior quarter. In Transportation, higher volumes and throughput fees were more than offset by increased operating costs, mainly due to higher maintenance activity. And at DCP, the increased volume activity from the various projects that have come online, was mostly offset by a decline in commodity prices. In our NGL business, we had gains on seasonal propane and butane storage, as well as higher overall volumes on the Sand Hills and the Southern Hills pipeline. In Chemicals, CPChem's global olefins and polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 83%. This reflects downtime at the Port Arthur facility, resulting from the fire that impacted their ethylene furnaces early in the third quarter. SA&S had higher equity earnings this quarter, coming off turnaround activity in the prior quarter. The annualized adjusted year-to-date return on capital employed for our Chemicals segment was 29% on an average capital employed of $4.4 billion. As shown on slide 9, third quarter adjusted earnings for Chemicals were $299 million, down from last quarter's record earnings of $324 million. In olefins and polyolefins, the decrease of $51 million is largely due to the CPChem's Port Arthur ethylene cracker being down. Although Port Arthur represents approximately 11% of CPChem's total O&P production capacity, the impacts from it being offline were lessened, as CPChem was able to pull down inventory. In Specialty, Aromatics and Styrenics, the $25 million increase in earnings was primarily due to less turnaround activity during the third quarter. Moving on, Refining had a good quarter. WE operate our refineries well, and we safely worked through several turnarounds. To annualize year-to-date return on capital employed for refining was 12% on average capital employed at $13.5 billion. Moving on to the next slide, the refining segments had earnings of $558 million, this is up over 40% from last quarter. Although market crack spreads were down in all regions, except for the Atlantic Basin Europe region, we were able to benefit from higher realizations on clean products. We also benefited from our configuration, as we produced more distillate than what is implied in the 3-2-1 market crack, and distillate cracks improved this quarter. In addition, secondary product markets increased, primarily due to the decline in crude prices. The Atlantic Basin Europe and Central Corridor regions had the benefit of an improved feedstock advantage compared to last quarter, whereas the Gulf Coast and the Western Pacific regions were impaired on feedstock advantage, as well as by the build of inventory during the quarter. Refining and Other was improved this quarter due to successfully capturing additional location arbitrage and product blending opportunities. This improvement also reflects gains associated with the timing of crude purchases. Let's move to the next slide on market cap share; our worldwide realized margin was $10.89 per barrel, compared to $9.66 per barrel last quarter, with our market cap share improving from 61% to 73%. Relative to the market crack of $14.85 per barrel, configuration, which represents our clean product yield and also our secondary products, were a negative impact on our realized margins. Partly offsetting this was the capture of the crude advantage opportunities and feedstock, as well as product differentials, which represents the largest driver in the other bar. Compared to the second quarter, the largest movements were in the secondary products and the other categories, as secondary product margins and product differentials improved. Moving next to slide 13; this slide shows the comparison of advantaged crude runs at our U.S. refineries by quarter on the left and by year on the right. During the quarter, 95% of our U.S. crude slate was advantaged, and this compares with 93% last quarter. This represents a record quarter for us. The improvement was tied to increased crude runs at our Alliance Refinery, after their second quarter turnaround, and was also due to certain crudes becoming advantaged, relative to Brent. Moving on to Marketing and Specialties, or M&S; M&S had a great quarter, driven mainly by higher margins and marketing, and in specialties, we closed on the Spectrum acquisition in our lubricants business. The annualized adjusted year-to-date return on capital employed for M&S was 27% on an average capital employed at $2.8 billion. Capital employed in M&S increased this quarter, mainly due to the Spectrum acquisition which was completed in July. Slide 15 provides some additional detail on our M&S segment. Earnings from M&S in the third quarter were $259 million, representing a $97 million increase. The improvement in Marketing's earnings primarily reflects higher global marketing margins, due to the steady decrease in product costs during the quarter. We exported 129,000 barrels per day this quarter, down from last quarter's exports of 181,000 barrels per day. This was primarily driven by domestic markets being more favorable for product placement. Specialties' earnings were in line with the second quarter, as increases in earnings from the Spectrum acquisition offset reduction in our XL [indiscernible] JV business, due to turnaround activity. Moving on to Corporate and Other; this segment includes net interest expense, it includes corporate overhead costs, and it also includes technology and other costs and accruals that are not allocated to our operating segments. Corporate and Other after-tax costs were $91 million for the third quarter, and this compares with $121 million last quarter. The decrease was largely due to the effective tax rate, as well as timing of contributions and lower environmental costs. And this brings us to the third quarter cash flow; starting on the left, excluding working capital, cash from operations was $1.3 billion. Working capital changes were a negative impact of $828 million, largely due to builds and inventories. We expect this inventory build to reverse in the fourth quarter. We spent $700 million in capital for the Beaumont terminal and the Spectrum acquisitions. We also funded $800 million of capital expenditures and investments, mainly associated with NGL projects, and we made shareholder distributions of nearly $800 million this quarter, in the form of dividends and share repurchases; and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $3.1 billion, this is down $1.9 billion from the beginning of the quarter. This concludes my discussion on the financial and operational results, next I will cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, CPChem continues to ramp-up its 250,000 metric ton per year 1-hexene facility at Cedar Bayou, which began operations in the second quarter. The global O&P utilization rate in the fourth quarter is expected to be in the low 80s, as we anticipate CPChem's Port Arthur facility to begin the process of restarting its olefins units in November, with some portions of the plant remaining down until year end. For the fourth quarter in refining, we expect the worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the mid-90s and pre-tax turnaround expense to be about $130 million. In Corporate and Other, we expect the segment's after-tax cost to run around $110 million for the fourth quarter, and the overall effective income tax rate for the coming quarter is expected to be in the mid-30s. With that, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Evan Calio: First question, and maybe to a few questions around the same topic. I am trying to zero-in on the potential gains embedded in your organic Midstream program kind of built to drop. So firstly, on the dropdown last week, $340 million, what was the cost to build the rail terminals?
Greg Garland: I don't think we put out a number in terms of the rail terminals. I would say that probably typical Midstream type multiples is kind of the returns that we would expect out of those.
Evan Calio: So kind of seven times -- billing it seven, and then you sold it around 10, I thought?
Greg Garland: Yes sir.
Evan Calio: And so, if I extend that thought into your $2.3 billion of your EBITDA, that's probably [indiscernible], as you mentioned, growing maybe 2.5 after yesterday's JV, built to drop [ph]. I mean is there -- I mean, can you quantify -- should we expect similar relationship to that EBITDA, or maybe more explicitly, how much of that infrastructure exists today versus what is -- what you are spending on to add? Does that make sense?
Greg Garland: I think its kind of 500 is what exists today in terms of the EBITDA, and the balance is growth, Evan. And I would say, those are fairly typical tight Midstream projects and returns. There are some that are better than others in that. The other thing you think about too is, we get the MLP to scale, it can co-invest and they can do some of these projects on it also. So I don't know that I would necessarily think that all $2.3 billion of that ultimately would be built at PSX and initially drop into the MLPs. There will be some combination to that going forward in the future. But our challenge today is really get the MLP to scale, have a balance sheet, so that they can access the debt and equity markets.
Evan Calio: No. I just think its less appreciated if you did that 1.7 times of a three-turn difference, $5.4 billion recurring gain on that portfolio, assuming it was all at the Phillips level. Let me switch gears on the second question to Chemicals, and just trying to get some color on the margin compression on the ethylene side. I mean, the Brent prices determine polyethylene price, and maybe you could help determine the impact of the oil move on your ethylene chain margins, and longer term if oil prices remain lower, do you think that risks investment for additional Gulf Coast ethylene capacity expansions in the U.S.?
Tim Taylor: Evan, this is Tim. So roughly, I would say for every $10 in TI on just a cost basis versus ethylene today, you could kind of think about price in a pound compression on the margin and the cost side. Market factors impact that as well. But long term, that's kind of the structural difference. So its quite large today. We have anticipated that that would come in with ethane rising a bit more than crude. I think structurally, we still feel that the gas to crude ratio kind of stays in the ballpark. So I think it has some compression, but I think we plan for some of that, and we still fundamentally believe that crude will be relatively expensive to a gas-based feedstock.
Evan Calio: Is there anything on the macro that you look for, whether it'd be some stabilization on the ethylene, cents per pound advantage before you would proceed to FID a second cracker? I mean, how do you think about the rest of the macro and making additional investment there?
Tim Taylor: Yeah, I mean, I think crude's going to fall substantially to takeaway that advantage. So you would look across that value chain, but today where it is, they are still -- I think, incented to do that. Probably, I think more about it just in terms of favorability of the feedstock, but we have always had a strategy at CPChem around ethane-based cracking and that's been a very good place to be, so we looked in the Middle East, looked in North America; and I think fundamentally, we would say that crude would have to go quite a bit lower before we'd see that advantage dissipating. But that is a factor that we will think about in terms of additional investments, wherever they are.
Evan Calio: Great. Appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Following along on the Chemical sector, you provided some update on the Port Arthur partial restart in November, full restart by the end of the year, if I heard it correctly. I was wondering, if you could talk about the opportunity lost and the facility being down in the third quarter, what would chemical earnings had looked like, if it had been operating in the margin environment that was available?
Greg Garland: Jeff, I think when we look at it, I like to think about it that we probably got about a five month outage when we think about Port Arthur. So that's roughly in the range of say 750 million, 800 million pounds of lost production, and then you can put the margin on that. I think the third quarter was mitigated somewhat by coming out of inventory, so that will continue to be an impact over the next two quarters. But in macro, we just think about it in terms of the lost pounds, and that's kind of how I'd think about that opportunity, that you can put the margin assumption on there that you'd like, but that's the best way to kind of put that estimate.
Jeff Dietert: Got you. And as far as 2014 capital budget, no changes to the $3.9 billion presented last quarter. I think the new projects are more 15 plus type investments, is that fair?
Greg Garland: That's fair. Our guidance is still around $3.9 billion for 2014.
Jeff Dietert: All right. Thanks for your comments.
Greg Garland: You bet. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hey good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Phil Gresh: First question, you talked about the working capital build in the quarter. I was wondering if you could talk about the impact that that had on the profit line, particularly for refining in the Gulf Coast, I think you called that out. Any quantification you could give there?
Greg Maxwell: Phil, its Greg Maxwell. I think as we look at it, we've got the large system and we trade around that, and so we end up having both crude and product impacting our inventory builds, that was the case in the third quarter. As far as regionally, we would expect that to reverse itself largely in the fourth quarter from an inventory working capital perspective. But other than that, we don't have any real guidance down to the particular regions.
Phil Gresh: Okay. But you would say it was a particularly large drag on the Gulf Coast profits in the quarter?
Greg Maxwell: That's correct. We saw a negative -- or a positive in the second quarter and then a bit of a negative in the third quarter. So it is sort of a double dip, when you compare quarter-versus-quarter.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. With respect to the balance sheet and the usage of cash, obviously you have a lot of growth investments you are focused on, and you have also talked about doing significant buybacks, which I would assume means continuing along the current run rate of what you did in that third quarter. So I guess what I am just wondering is, if you put all those things together and you look ahead, say two years from now, where do you want your leverage to be, on the balance sheet?
Greg Garland: Well I think we have consistently said we are going to target a 20% to 30% debt-to-cap and we certainly wanted to float in there, if necessary. I think we have purposely structure the company to be successful; continue its growth investments, continue strong shareholder distributions in a volatile commodity environment. So we don't see any change to our strategy.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Last question, just with respect to all the midstream projects; obviously, you increased the target again in September and now you have layered in this other JV. Is there any -- realistically, is there any financial or operational path in terms of how you're thinking about the opportunities ahead, given what's already in the pipeline right now?
Greg Garland: No. I think that -- I would say we are on track. Our strategy is a transformational change into a Midstream logistics company, with great refinances and great chemical assets, and I think we are on path. We have laid out more than $2.3 billion worth of EBITDA growth between now and 2018 in our Midstream segment. I think we are -- I would say we are pleased with the project portfolio we have. We are executing well, in terms of delivering on those commitments.
Phil Gresh: Okay. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Roger Read: Two things. I guess, first off, the Bakken pipeline announcements; could you give us an idea of what sort of commitment on shipping those have? I mean is it 100%, is it 80%, just kind of what backs up the volumes there?
Tim Taylor: We are in the middle of an extended open season on that, and so -- we really don't disclose the commercial details, but I think the capacity we have talked about is at 450,000 barrels a day.
Roger Read: Okay. So we will go with that for right now?
Tim Taylor: Yeah. I think that you've got to let that process work itself out. And we would -- obviously, with the extended open season, I think the prospects are that that may increase.
Roger Read: Okay. Second question, kind of switching gears here to the refining side. Comments on the call, and if I am looking the numbers correctly. Exports were 129,000 barrels I think, and then down from 181, if I wrote that correctly in Q2, and the comment was along the lines of better domestic demand. Could you give us an idea today, as you look at the market and you're thinking about sort of domestic pricing versus international product pricing that would drive the desire to export more? And the changes we have certainly seen in between various crude differentials along the Gulf Coast and elsewhere, kind of where we stand on that export volume today?
Greg Garland: Why don't I take a start, and then Tim can fill in the details. First of all, the export markets were there, they were available to us. We just made a decision to play some -- in a higher valued market domestically. I think the barrels we did export were somewhere between $1 and $2 a barrel better, than the alternative placement that we had available to us in the investment market. But in general, you are going to see us flex up and flex down to follow the market opportunity. You want to add on that?
Tim Taylor: I think structurally, pretty good demand, if we look at gasoline demand and distillate demand in the U.S., so that was the opportunity. But longer term, we still know that exports have got to happen, as we continue to run and incented to run. And so I think that we will continue to flex, as Greg said, but you should continue to expect exports to be a significant part of the U.S. refined business.
Roger Read: Okay. One follow-up on that if I could, any change into where your exported barrels have been going? I mean, Europe, Latin America, West Africa, any changes and sort of jump in capacity volumes?
Tim Taylor: On a U.S. perspective, no, and so I think those are still markets that are there, and those are logical markets to access from the U.S.
Roger Read: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Good morning everybody.
Greg Garland: Hey Doug.
Doug Terreson: Greg, since the spin-off a few years ago, your team has been pretty focused on delivering growth, but in a capital discipline way; and because your returns continue to be pretty strong and lead [ph] the peer group in many of the businesses, you obviously demonstrated proficiency on value creation, but also on this transformational growth that you talked about a few minutes ago. So my question is whether or not we can get a progress report on the core components of the return enhancement plan and refining specifically, and then also, any of that strategic dollars [ph] that you might have on the West Coast and European parts of the refining portfolio?
Tim Taylor: Sure. I think that I would say we are on track with the return enhancement plan that we laid out, since like two years ago and updated this year. As you know, the biggest component of that is really accessing advantaged crudes and we are driving to 95% advantaged crude capture. But that's not the whole story, once you get advantaged crude, you look at the next best advantaged crude, you displace that barrel too. So I think around the infrastructure that we are investing and it does have the ability to help us liberate higher returns around our integrated refined assets. So we will continue down that path, and we will get to 100% advantaged crude next year or so, as we continue to move these projects forward around infrastructure. You think about the portfolio, I think we said this year we will close on Bantry Bay and so we are on track to do that. Whitegate, really a failed process. No interest in someone buying the Whitegate refinery, so that asset is essentially off the market for now. We have an ongoing process in Melaka, and I think our expectation has certainly ended this year, first quarter next year, we will complete that process.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Tim Taylor: Thanks Doug.
Doug Terreson: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake: Good morning. A simple one to start with. The condensate pipeline, and the [indiscernible] in that $2.3 billion midstream forecast?
Greg Garland: Yes.
Ed Westlake: Okay. And then, $340 million drop, that's great. I guess, you've got an EV of $45 million and $2.3 billion of MLP investments is going to grow. I mean, I was just joking with my team, that I'd need to live to 100 to see the entire asset base transfer down to PSXP. SO I guess, just the questions really are, what are the constraints on you guys going faster, and I do obviously hope to live to 100?
Greg Garland: Well the first thing I was going to say, we hope you do live to 100, but you got to give us credit for the 740 we have done; so we have done $1.1 billion this year, as you think about the drop and the MLP and I would say, we have consistently said, our view is that -- we will probably keep our foot on the accelerator, [indiscernible] in terms of the Master Limited Partnership. Its the valuable part of our growth program, in terms of funding this Midstream growth. And so I think that clearly, we have stated intentions that clearly, the long term will be -- top quartile in terms of distribution growth will certainly parse [ph] 2015. But over the years, we are going to be quite a bit above that.
Ed Westlake: Right. I mean, you have seen obviously what's going on in the space, where people have used consolidation to perhaps create a larger MLP? Obviously, there is GP accretion from that, and then potentially that might be a base to then drop further assets in perhaps a faster pace. I mean, is that something the woodwork in your vision?
Greg Garland: We have got a great backlog of projects Ed, as they come on. I think it has increased that backlog of droppable EBITDA. So we are going to -- to Greg's point, you're going to grow your MLP and commensurate with that Midstream growth; and its always a possibility that we could look at some type of opportunity to expand that. So I think that's just part of our strategic view that we see a lot of value creation in that segment and the MLP is just a really key piece to make that happen.
Ed Westlake: And then two smaller questions; I appreciate your open season, but any idea on what sort of tariff it would take to take Bakken barrels down to Beaumont?
Greg Garland: That has not been -- the FERC tariffs have not been filed. So once that's complete, that will be available. But we believe, I will say this -- that this will be the most economic pipe solution from the Bakken to the Gulf Coast.
Ed Westlake: Yeah. Reconverted gas pipe I think probably is, definitely. And then on the throwaway comment that you made on refining in the Gulf, you said there were some feedstock restrictions, can you walk us through what those might have been in the second quarter -- sorry third quarter?
Greg Garland: Yeah so second versus third, we had -- Alliance came back on after turnaround, so you had more exposure to light and medium grades with that. And then there was less availability of [indiscernible] the crude, and that was backfilled with more light medium. So we had a mix effect, that gave more exposure to light medium versus heavy in the third quarter.
Ed Westlake: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi guys. To the extent -- you have been asked a lot of questions around this, but obviously -- arguably we have move to a new price environment here. Firstly, I was a bit surprised that your earnings weren't boosted more, you tried to break that out, but in the core products area, would we expect the lag to come through in Q4 from price downturn? And could you try and sort of [ph] how much of that would be sustainable, if its all possible if we stayed at this kind of price level? Secondly, from the current price level, would you expect there to be an inventory or accounting of inventory impact? And then I am going to follow-up, which is a kind of a bigger question. Thanks.
Greg Garland: Paul, on the secondary products, I mean clearly as the cost of feedstock has come down, the margin on those products has gone up, and so that's kind of the direct correlation versus some price movement maybe on those -- maybe on the LPG in the cokes and those kind of things. But its really around that feedstock value, brings up the value of that secondary product. And so I think that, that really depends on the absolute level of crude. Maybe in a broader statement, with crude prices coming down, you've got probably on the direct margin, the chemicals business has -- probably could have I should say, the most exposure, as that margin comes in versus naphtha cracking. But generally with the margin business, there are just a lot of moving parts to what that really inputs during feedstocks and products.
Paul Sankey: I guess what I am driving is that you had a negative in secondary products you show on slide 12, and part of the question is -- I know that you're trying to improve that capture in general, but obviously the volatility of the market makes it difficult. But I would have thought that that number might be better, because we sort of down move, although the majority obviously came later? That's a general idea I am pushing at?
Greg Garland: I think its probably $5 a barrel better quarter-over-quarter and I think assuming that crude stays where its at, that probably carries forward into the fourth quarter. But we always seem to have better capture in the fourth quarter anyway historically. So we will just have to see where it goes.
Greg Maxwell: And Paul, on your crude inventory question, I think you are as spot on as prices go down, you do see some flowed impact between net accounts receivable and accounts payable. We haven't publicly quantified that for anyone, but you will see some impact.
Paul Sankey: Okay. I will follow-up on that. And then the bigger question I had was that you have obviously invested a lot and succeeded in getting a much more, what you call advantaged crude slate. I was wondering how sticky that would be, if we saw a situation, where for example, global crude prices were at or below U.S. prices? I assume that your infrastructure investment would lave you still wanting to use the domestic option? Can you give us -- I mean, I don't know if I am barking on the wrong tree there, but the idea is you kind of incentivize by your infrastructure to use the domestic crudes almost to a much tighter price maybe than other people might think? Let us say if we --
Greg Garland: Paul, I think on the infrastructure, clearly the location of the refining asset has a snipping impact on the crude slate. So clearly the Midcon, some of the billings, pretty focused on the inland crudes. I think it really hinges on the optionality around say the Gulf Coast. Our infrastructure though, we think about it like this, that we have access to that, and we will go to the best value on the refining slate, and then we have got opportunities with our logistics to move those crudes into whatever market makes sense. So there is kind of a double-edged drive on the logistics as increased third party capability, as well as supplying our own system, and I think that's the balance that we are looking for.
Paul Sankey: Yeah I guess I am just trying to get a sense; for example, if we inverted Brent prices when under -- let's say LLS, to the extent that you would -- how far that would have to go before you would want to move back to using imported crudes, when you've done so much work to do the opposite?
Greg Garland: Well I think we keep that option on the table, and our comment -- my comment would be that, I would expect that mainland U.S. prices would probably adjust to be competitive. But we work around that short term optimization in our system today, and so we will flex as that differential moves, and we got the best value in our refining system.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I guess I am just thinking out loud. The final question, do you have any observations on distillate markets right now? I know you have a relatively long distillate, anything that you could add? Thanks a lot.
Greg Garland: The distillate market still looks strong. So I think, kind of moving into the season, we are going to like that exposure on distillate side.
Paul Sankey: Thank you guys.
Greg Garland: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Guys, good morning. I was hoping to go back to the product exports. I know you said you exported 129,000 barrels a day, you are progressively building out your capacity. I am trying to get an update of where you stand right now in capacity, and also if you don't mind, some commentary around some of the new global capacity coming online that's export oriented, I am just curious if you have any thoughts on how the U.S. is going to be competitive with some of those new facilities in targeting, let's just say, the European market?
Greg Garland: I think we are close to 1 million barrels a day, with Beaumont plus the 420,000 that we have in the PSX refining system. Our view is we will continue to expand that. I think that the U.S. refiners, given the energy price advantage and some crude advantage are going to be well positioned to compete in export markets globally. But certainly in most, that are most geographically close to us, like Latin America, South America, West Africa, to a certain degree, Europe. But there is no question, you have got some big refineries coming up in the Middle East, that are targeting Europe and Asia, and they are very-very competitive assets, that I think [indiscernible].
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Just a quick one on Bayway; with the rail rack coming online, if I am not mistaken, historically, you have done a bit of barging Gulf Coast crude over to the East Coast. Does the rail rack basically displace that, or will you continue to do both?
Greg Garland: You know, we continue to do both. We have actually run the Jones Act ship up around the Bayway also, and so I think you will see us continue to do both.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. And then the final one for me, I know you addressed Jeff's CapEx question on 2014, any thoughts around? I mean, there is a lot of moving pieces, so as we kind of progress into 2015 for the time being, do you think its fair to think flattish type of CapEx into next year?
Greg Garland: Well we had given guidance earlier this year on 2015, and so we will go to our Board in December and ask for approval for our 2015 budget. But certainly, I think that you should view that DAPL and ETCOP investments is incremental to what we have already said.
Blake Fernandez: Right. Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys. Good morning.
Greg Garland: Hey. Good morning.
Paul Cheng: A number of quick questions. Greg, earlier though, maybe your team talking about some destock limitation on Maya. Do you know if this is specifically for Phillips 66 is actually hitting for the whole industry? And can you quantify for us in some way that, [indiscernible] for you and have you seen that situation reverse?
Tim Taylor: Paul, our view is that its availability of production on the Latin American crude side; I can't speak to others, but certainly we have seen that, and in the interim, we are readjusting the supply chain. Clearly Canadian crude, heavy crude to the Gulf Coast can be a piece of that, that's starting to move with more rail infrastructure up there. So I think new supply options are developing as that changes, but that's our view is that, it has really been a reduced availability, that certainly we have seen.
Paul Cheng: Tim, can you quantify -- helping us to quantify, how can [indiscernible] negative hit on you in the third quarter?
Tim Taylor: I have not done specific around that, so I could get back to you on that with the sensitivity.
Paul Cheng: Okay. That would be great.
Greg Garland: We typically won't go to our refinery level that far.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. We might go to a regional level for you.
Paul Cheng: Okay, that's good enough. On the energy transfer, the total investment for the two JV is $4.8 billion to $5 billion. Is there -- is that incremental or that this is including some of the money already being spent?
Greg Garland: So that's the total value, and we will have a share of that total capital commitment. And its still, so you are in open season, you haven't done a lot of -- there have been some engineering work, and those kinds of things, so you are very early in the formation of the project on that.
Paul Cheng: Tim, from what I understand that, those two projects actually already have some existing pipe in the ground, is there upfront payment you guys have to pay in this year, related to that project?
Greg Garland: So its really around the contribution of the assets and everything, so that is -- the spending really occurs in 2015 and 2016, as kind of the split between those two years as we go forward Paul.
Paul Cheng: Right. But how about -- how to fund the investment? How to fund your share -- that contribution?
Greg Garland: Fairly small spending this year. Really, the bulk of that spending on that total occurs in that 2015 and 2016 time period.
Paul Cheng: And -- sorry.
Greg Garland: No, go ahead.
Paul Cheng: On GP, can you tell us what is your GP cash flow, annualized run rate right now?
Greg Maxwell: Paul, this is Greg. If you look at the percent of the distributable cash flow that's received by the GP for this quarter's announced distribution, that would be 8%.
Paul Cheng: Great. It seems that -- if you can help me, since I don't have the PSXP [indiscernible] in the 10-Q. Do you have -- what is maintenance of dollar, that number?
Greg Maxwell: I don't have that right in front of me. I will get that for you.
Paul Cheng: And also maybe a request, if possible in the future, I think it would be very helpful for your shareholder, given we are talking about logistic is going to be a big piece of the value creation for the company. If you can [indiscernible], what is your actual GP cash flow, so that we don't have to focus every different document, in order to find it?
Greg Garland: That's a great suggestion Paul, and we are going to do that. We talked about that this morning in fact.
Greg Maxwell: We plan on putting that in the supplemental information Paul.
Paul Cheng: I think that would be helpful. And also along those lines, because we don't know every quarter, whether its going to have a change in your LP unit ownership. So if you can also list how many LP unit and what is the total LP unit? Those are all available, I am sure in the PSXP, but just help your [indiscernible] shareholder don't have to go through a set of different documents. Final question along those line, based on the balance sheet of the LP, what is the current maximum ability for them to do M&A, whether its through the internal job done or external M&A. How big is the balance sheet that they can do? Is that $1 billion, $1.2 billion a year, I mean any rough guidance that you can provide?
Greg Maxwell: With regard to total acquisition at the PSXP level?
Paul Cheng: That's correct. I mean, how much that they can -- I mean, this year that you're doing $1.1 billion of the asset job done. Is that the maximum in terms of the financial balance sheet capability, or that you think that capability is actually bigger than that?
Greg Garland: Paul, I guess I look at, there is equity debt component and we targeted three times EBITDA on debt, and I think you look at the MLP access on the equity side, you start to see that $1 billion. So somewhere between $1 billion and $1.2 billion is kind of roughly in the range of what we think about could be managed from a purchased standpoint.
Paul Cheng: So without issuing equity into LP, therefore it will be about $1 billion, $1.2 billion from a debt standpoint?
Greg Garland: No I think you've got -- as you go forward, with that you have got to have the equity offering or the debt to purchase the asset. So I think equity offerings are a natural way to grow that capability. It doesn't get into acquisition or a share exchange regarding that, that's a different issue. But just in terms of accessing the market and where the cash comes from, it really has to be held back from a distribution or asset come from access to debt and equity.
Paul Cheng: Right. Perfect. Thank you.
Greg Maxwell: Paul, I looked up, you were wanting distributable cash flow for the third quarter?
Paul Cheng: That's correct.
Greg Maxwell: $33.4 million.
Paul Cheng: $33.4 million. That is the total distributable and 8% is through the GP or that is the GP?
Greg Maxwell: No. That's total distributable, and so the 8% would apply to that.
Paul Cheng: I see. Perfect. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: I guess, one of the things that has come to you periodically has been how we are -- I guess, how is the Street trying sort of value [ph] on your Chemicals business and the Structure business right now. And I hope you have been trying to look out, is the free cash flow outlook. So I am wondering if you could help us, how you see the self-funding chemicals growth evolving to a free cash position, and where you are in the decision process for the second tracker, which obviously would defer that free cash movement and [indiscernible]. That's my first one, and I have a follow-up please.
Greg Garland: So basically, as we have looked out, we are in the middle of a major project right now. Our view has been that the project will be funded with the Chemicals business, there will be distributions for tax payments. And next year is kind of the peak spending year, so I think a little bit there. And I think going forward, its really a question about, do they have the right return projects and the market fundamentals, and to the extent that they can self-fund and grow, we'd really like to encourage that. So I think our expectation is that, that they will continue to grow. But to a degree to which they do that, really depends on the view of the returns on the project and how much. But we do expect that to be a self-funding venture, with the payments back to the owners, at minimum tax distribution and discretion beyond that.
Doug Leggate: So it seems like today.
Greg Maxwell: Doug, I think our current view would be that 2015 to begin and certainly self-funding and putting distributions back to Chevron and ourselves.
Doug Leggate: Can you update us on where you are in the second project, in terms of FID?
Greg Garland: Well I think we are -- CPChem is certainly looking at all the options and looking specifically in the U.S. at a couple of things. And so it really is still very early, looking more, at I would say conceptual market feasibility of returns that we expect and so just taking a hard look at that, but not really engaged in a lot of enduring work at this point. So its really decision point that they have got to bring forward to the owners for some approval and discussion. So its out there in ways, in terms when we would take any kind of investment decision, or if we would go forward. I think just generically though, as we consider the opportunity universe in the Chemicals business, we still think that the U.S. Gulf Coast is probably the best place to invest. And I think that, and at least from our perspective, we wouldn't hesitate to go forward with the second cracker. I think the real challenge is where you're going to put it and what are you going to feed it, and that's kind of what we are working through right now.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. And my follow-up if I may, all the way back to the MLP again. I guess, one of the things a lot of people talked about, drop downs and drop it down faster and all this kind of stuff, but there is no real discussion around time, value and money, tax basis, more importantly the impact on the refining business. So I guess, what I am really trying to understand is, what do you think is a reasonable pace that the MLP could actually handle by the way of annual sort of ratable acquisitions or growth if you like? And I guess in the same kind of vein, do you ever think that -- I guess its 10% of the $2.5 billion post this deal is refining -- within the refinery gate. Is there a scenario where you envisage moving the refinery EBITDA into the MLP, given the implications or the volatility of the refining business? And I will leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Garland: So we think the market capacity, given the size of this MLP, is probably somewhere between $1 billion to $2 billion of what we could do annually. And so, we could just leave at that. We really haven't given forward forecast of what our drops are going to be, other than around just quantify top quartile type of growth and distributions. I still look at the refining business, the volatility of the refining business, and I would say, we probably would not put that into an MLP at this point in time. Just given the different yields and access to capital and cost of capital and using that Midstream business then to kind of tie up and integrate with our refining assets and improve our refining assets long term.
Doug Leggate: That's really helpful; but I guess the answer I was looking for, because a lot of your -- some of your competitors are, I guess a slightly different view of that. Thanks very much for the answers guys, I appreciate it.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Brad Olsen of Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Brad Olsen: Hey. Good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Hey Brad.
Brad Olsen: I wanted to walk for a minute if I could, through the Midstream EBITDA number. I know the $2.3 billion EBITDA that's now in the presentation, its certainly a robust number and assuming $2 billion a year of drops at a 10 times multiple, it gives you a close to a decade of runway. Does that include the recent Bakken pipeline deal you have announced, and if it doesn't, I am just trying to think about the $700 million that was announced back in 2012, plus the $500 million or so from the Sweeny complex? And then kind of trying to get from there, the additional $1 billion, if I am not using the Bakken pipelines? And I understand, there is a lot of small stuff in there. But just kind of one or two big chunky projects that, especially in the -- I believe the NGL segment, which will increase much greater than just the Sweeny frac complex alone?
Greg Garland: As you think about, first answer, the Bakken pipe is not in those numbers. And so clearly, that would be incremental to that, and you should expect typical tight Midstream returns outside of the Bakken pipe. What are in the numbers, essentially the frac-1 frac-2, the LPG export, and we have said $700 million or $900 million of EBITDA in there. One of the things that the organization has done really well in the last year, is to queue up a really strong portfolio of growth opportunities for us to invest in. Around our footprint if you will, and we are executing well, in terms of getting these projects started, getting them up, getting them running. And so I feel really comfortable with our portfolio, our capability to fund it, and we like the opportunities that we see.
Greg Maxwell: Beaumont is in there as well.
Greg Garland: Yeah. Beaumont is in there as well. Good thinking.
Brad Olsen: That's really helpful. And just a jump back to the Bakken in that, or the Bakken pipelines, the crude pipeline investment if I could. It looks like a really attractive deal obviously, you kind of pointed out that they are your typical kind of seven times midstream returns, while also being kind of a long term regulated cash flow stream. So when I think about that, you have obviously made it a point to say that strategically, Midstream is kind of driving the bus on a go forward basis, and refining is probably less of a focus in terms of growing the business. And so, kind of piggybacking on Paul's question; when you think about kind of -- which part of the equation is the dog and which part of the equation is the tail, to use a clumsy analogy? On the Bakken deal, is this a deal that you would have done, in absence of your Gulf Coast refinery footprint, or is it something that you view as adding significant value, even if you hadn't participated in equity in the pipeline, would it have been something you had looked at from a refining point of view? To what extent would this pipeline project maybe have played out differently if you were or were not looking for crude for those Gulf Coast refineries?
Greg Garland: So I think -- when I look at it, its not predicated on supply into our system necessarily. Its a great option, and that's a value that we bring to our refining system. We like the fact its a long haul crude pipe from the basin, that ties directly to our Beaumont terminal and so we got options across that Gulf Coast system, you got Midwest delivery. So we like that, it can tie into our supply, and its a factor as we think about that, but its not -- the key driver was not supply, but it was really around the Midstream opportunity. So we think its a great asset, its going to continue to enhance our position in the Bakken or our position in the Gulf Coast. Great linkage.
Brad Olsen: Thanks for that color. And when I think, if supply -- supply is maybe not the main driver, but I assume that you guys are a significant shipper on the pipeline, and does it enhance your position? I guess you mentioned earlier in the call that this is the lowest cost option out of the Bakken, and as we see other pipeline facing delays out of the Bakken, that option probably gets more valuable over time. But as I think about how much volume you guys are going to be directly involved in kind of marketing of this pipe, is there a good number or are you an anchor shipper, or is this more of just an equity investment without a volumetric commitment?
Greg Garland: So we are in the middle of an open season, and we will take a commitment, but that's all we are going to say on that.
Brad Olsen: Okay, great. And just one more kind of housekeeping question. Greg, you talked about the hexane facility kind of still in ramp-up mode. As we think about where that facility or when that facility reaches full economic contribution, does the incident at Port Arthur prevent the hexane facility for any reason, from being able to sell full volumes or is the run rate unaffected by that, and if you wouldn't mind providing a little bit more specificity on the timing and maybe just a rough kind of EBITDA number on that facility as it does hit a 100% or close to 100% utilization?
Greg Garland: I don't think that Port Arthur is going to impact the run rate on hexane-1. As it ramps up into 2015, Port Arthur is going to be back up and running. So I don't think Port Arthur is going to enter into an equation in terms of run rate. In terms of fully ramping the facility, I don't know, it will probably ramp over in 2015 and 2016, would by guess.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. I mean I think in response to demand. So we have been very happy with the startup, been very happy with the customer reception on the product side. So it has gone very well, but you do have just the normal ramp up in terms of demand and how that works.
Brad Olsen: Got it. That's all for me. Thanks a lot guys.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call back over to Kevin Mitchell.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Thank you very much for participating on the call this morning. We do appreciate your interest in the company. You will be able to find the transcript of the call posted on our website shortly; and if you have any questions, please contact us. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. You may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Thanks, Christine. Well, good morning everybody. Welcome to Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are our Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; our President Tim Taylor; and Chief Financial Officer Greg Maxwell. The presentation material we will be using this morning can be found in the in Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information we think you will find helpful. On slide 2, you can see our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder well be making forward-looking comments during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments and factors that could cause these results to differ are included here on the second page of the presentation as well as in our filings with the SEC. That said, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening comments. Greg?
Greg Garland: Okay. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Second quarter earnings were solid, reflecting that we ran well and our Chemical segment had record earnings. However market factors negatively impacted results in our Refining and Midstream businesses. And corporate costs were higher mainly due to increased environmental accruals as well as tax impacts. Refining, we ran near record utilization rates for the quarter. However, our realized margins were lower than last quarter, largely due to weaker distillate margins along with pure commercial opportunities. Our Midstream business was negatively impacted by lower propane prices and less demand driven by seasonal factors. We think our disciplined approach to capital allocation is appropriate, given the volatility in our financial results. We are expanding our shareholder distributions while investing in the business with a focus on growing our higher valued segments. Well continue to increase shareholder distributions. Our board approved an additional $2 billion of share repurchases. And during the quarter, we paid an increased dividend of $0.50 per share, which is up 28% from the previous quarter. At the end of the second quarter, if you look at dividend, share repurchases and share exchange, from the last quarter weve returned nearly $7 billion to investors. At quarter end, our share-count was less than 560 million shares, down 11% since formation. We improved a $1.2 billion increase to our 2014 capital budget, bringing it to $3.9 billion in total. This increased spending were primarily fund the previously acquisitions of crude oil and refined products turned on the U.S. Gulf Coast and specialties lubricants company. In addition, the capital will be directed towards Midstream growth projects such as the Sweeny Frac and Freeport LPG Export facilities. You can see the progress were making on the frac in the picture on the slide. Our focus continues on Midstream organic growth, while we all would like to have more certainty around condensate exports. We continue while we wait options for condensate infrastructure and additional fractionation capacity. Our MLP Phillips 66 partners provides low cost of capital for additional investing. PSXP had a good quarter realizing the full impact of its first acquisition. EBITDA during the second quarter was twice the amount generated at the time of the IPO. We continue to look for opportunities within Phillips 66 externally and organically to grow PSXP and contribute to our Midstream growth strategy. Our joint ventures continue to grow. In June, CPChem successfully started up the worlds largest on-purpose 1-Hexene plant at Cedar Bayou facility in Baytown, Texas. Also, during the quarter CPChem improved expansion of its Normal Alpha Olefins production capacity at Cedar Bayou by 220 million pounds per year. At DCP Midstream, work continues on the Zia II plant which is located in the Permian Basin, anticipated startup first half of 2015. And DCP partners is constructing in return two plants in the DJ Basin and also expects operations begin in mid-2015. Were executing our plans, were continuing with our commitments we laid out two years ago. We have a strong balance sheet, $5 billion of cash and a debt to capital ratio with the low end of our targeted range. We have confidence that we have the resources and the opportunities to deliver on our plans to grow our higher valued businesses, while rewarding the owners of our companies with secure and growing distributions. So, with that Im going to hand it over to Greg Maxwell to review the quarterly results.
Greg Maxwell: Thanks Greg, good morning. Starting on slide 4, first quarter earnings were $863 million or $1.51 per share, we had no special items this quarter. Cash from operations excluding working capital for the quarter was $937 million. And for the quarter we paid $281 million in dividends and we purchased 7.5 million shares of common stock for $616 million. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 22%, and after taking into consideration our end cash balance of $5 billion, our net debt to capital ratio was 5% at the end of the second quarter. And finally, our annualized adjusted year-to-date return on capital employed for 2014 was 13% as of June 30. Slide 5, provides a comparison of our second quarter adjusted earnings with that of the first quarter, this is based on a segment basis. Compared to last quarter, second quarter earnings were down $3 million driven by lower results in Midstream, as well as higher corporate segment expenses. The increased earnings in refining were primarily attributable to higher volumes following the completion of plan turnaround and maintenance activities. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail as we move forward. The Midstream segment was negatively impacted in the second quarter by lower gains associated with DCP Midstream partners or DPM unit issuances and weaker NGL prices and demand. The annualized 2014 year-to-date return on capital employed for Midstream was 17% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.6 billion. Slide 7, shows Midstreams second quarter earnings of $108 million, a decrease of $80 million from last quarter. Transportation was in line with last quarter, as improved volume throughput was largely offset by increased planned maintenance activity. DCP Midstreams earnings decreased by $50 million compared with the first quarter, the decrease reflects lower gains associated with DPM Unit issuances that were recognized by Phillips 66 along with lower NGL prices specifically propane. In addition, DCP had turnaround activity as several of its gathering and processing plants resulted in higher operating cost during the second quarter. And finally, our NGL business line also had lower earnings in the second quarter driven by weaker propane prices and lower demand due to warmer weather. In Chemicals, the global Olefins and Polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 95%. The O&P business benefited from strong margins, while SA&S had impacts due to turnaround activity. The annualized 2014 year-to-date return on capital employed from our Chemicals segment was 29% and this is based on average capital employed of $4.3 billion. As shown on Slide 9, second quarter earnings for Chemicals were $324 million representing a record earnings quarter for our Chemicals business. In Olefins and Polyolefins, earnings were up mainly due to improved realized O&P chain margins, and this was slightly offset by higher maintenance cost as some of the plants first quarter maintenance activities shifted into the second quarter. The $17 million decrease in Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics was primarily due to lower equity earnings as a result of plant turnaround activity during the second quarter. Next, Ill cover refining. We ran our refineries well this quarter, the crude utilization rate was 96% and our claim product yield was 83%. The annualized 2014 year-to-date return on capital employed for Refining was little over 10% with an average capital employed of $13.5 billion. The Refining segment had earnings of $390 million and this is up from last quarters earnings of $306 million. This increase was mainly due to higher utilization rates across all of our regions, slightly offset by weaker realized Refining margins. Realized Refining margins decreased in all of our regions exception for the Western Pacific region. The decrease was driven by weaker distillate market cracks reduced seasonal blending activity, gasoline activity and also lower secondary product realizations. In addition, narrowing crude differentials negatively impacted our realized margins. In the Gulf Coast, the LLS Maya differential narrowed by $5.32 per barrel, impacting our Sweeny and our Lake Charles refineries. And on the East Coast the Bakken Brent differential narrowed by $1.43 per barrel impacting our Bayway refinery. Other refining was down $50 million compared to last quarter, mainly due to less location arbitrage and product blending upgrade opportunities available in the market compared to the first quarter, and also as well as narrowing WTI/WCS crude differentials. Next, lets look at our market capture on slide 12. Our worldwide realized margin in the second quarter was $9.66 per barrel. This resulted in a market capture of 61% and compares with 79% in the first quarter. On a regional level, the biggest movements were in the Atlantic Basin Europe and Gulf Coast regions. You can find the regional slides in the Appendix of this presentation. Our Refinery configuration negatively impacted our capture this quarter by $2.73 per barrel, the decrease is a result of our configuration being weighted towards less gasoline and more distillate production than the marker implies. Secondary products were moreover hurt this quarter than in the past quarter due to NGL prices decreasing along with crude prices increasing. And finally, our feedstock advantage was $1 per barrel lower than last quarter due to narrower crude differentials. Slide 13 shows the comparison of advantage crude runs at our U.S. refineries by quarter on the left and by year on the right. During the second quarter 93% of the companys U.S. crude slate was advantaged and this compares with 91% in the first quarter. This increase was largely due to less turnaround activity in the second quarter. In addition, refining processed a record 305,000 barrels per day of tide oil in the second quarter. And this represents a 48,000-barrel per day improvement over the previous high. This next slide covers our Marketing and Specialty segment. Both our Marketing and our Specialties businesses had higher volumes this quarter. The annualized 2014 year-to-date return on capital employed for M&S was 25% on an average capital employed of $2.4 billion. Slide 15, provides some additional detail on our M&S segment. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the second quarter were $162 million representing a $25 million increase from the first quarter. The improvement in marketing earnings primarily reflects higher volumes due to seasonal demand and also increased exports. We exported 181,000 barrels per day this quarter up from last quarters exports of 139,000 barrels per day. Specialties earnings were $43 million for the quarter, and in-line with the first quarter results. Moving on to Corporate and Other, this segment includes net interest expense, it includes corporate overhead costs and it also includes technology and other costs and accruals that are not allocated to our operating segments. Corporate and Other costs were $121 million after-tax for the second quarter compared with $81 million last quarter. The increase in cost was largely due to change in effective tax rates as well as higher environmental accruals. And this brings us to the second quarter cash flow. Starting on the left, excluding working capital, cash from operations was $937 million. Cash from operations funded $561 million in capital expenditures and $281 million in dividends. In addition, we repurchased $616 million of our shares through our share repurchase program. The $150 million for proceeds from asset dispositions is largely related to distributions from WRB which is our 50-50 joint venture with Cenovus Energy. During the first quarter, Cenovus prepaid its partnership contribution payable to the joint venture. When WRB distributed these funds, our accumulated undistributed equity earnings were reduced to zero. This resulted in any additional distributions in excess of current earnings being accounted for as return of investment. And finally, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $5 billion. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Ill next cover a few outlook items. For Chemicals, in early July, there was a localized fire at CPChems Port Arthur plant. Our thoughts and our prayers are with the injured employees and their families. CPChem continues to evaluate the events of Port Arthur, and at this point it is still too early for us to provide some specifics regarding how long the facility will be down or the total financial impact. We do however expect global utilization rates for Olefins and Polyolefins to be in the low 80s during the third quarter. Also for the third quarter in Refining, we expect worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low-to-mid 90s and pretax turnaround expense to be about $90 million. Turning to corporate and other, we expect this segments after tax cost to run about $110 million per quarter for the remainder of the year, and from a tax perspective, our overall effective income tax rate is expected to be in the mid-30s for the third quarter. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks guys, I appreciate you taking my questions.
Greg Garland: Hi Doug.
Doug Leggate: Ive got a couple of big picture issues if I may. I mean, you started your prepared remarks Greg, talking about higher utilization rates and lower capture, it seems to be a trend that were seeing across a number of your peers. Im just curious, is, the higher utilization rate and the higher use of light, light use of crude impacting you to the point where your secondary units are not as efficient as it used to be. Im just trying to understand the deterioration in the capture rate it seems to be industry issue not necessarily a PSX issue? And Ive got a follow-up.
Greg Garland: As we, we spent a lot of time trying to buy at the well head for consistency of crude. So, one of our objectives is to avoid the more blended barrel if we can within PSX operations. So Im not sure that were constrained in terms of any of our operations given the crude slate that were running today. So, but the market capture question, more broadly around the industry is a good one, I dont know Tim, you want to?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think, Doug, youre looking at secondary coke prices relatively flat and actually declined a bit this quarter. So youve got that dynamic of coke and the pure grade competing essentially with coal. And then the LPG prices came down versus the first quarter, so that was a piece of that. So, but we havent really seen that the yield structure other than the value of the light components has really impacted our selection on crude slates.
Greg Maxwell: And I would say the abundance of light fleet crude it didnt translate into wider crude differentials in the second quarter and that had  that produced our capture rate as well.
Tim Taylor: Sure.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. My follow-up I guess, every quarter we tend to revisit the West Coast system. The reason I would like to bring it up again if I may fellows is my follow-up is, we thought you announce this Petrochemical project. And our understanding is that there could be more to come which ultimately has the impact of tightening up the gas fleet market, I expect over time in the West Coast. So, Im just wondering, first of all, are you thinking along similar lines of, have you given thoughts to any  how Phillips could perhaps contribute to tightening the gasoline market by perhaps exporting Petrochemical feedstock? Or if the market did tighten up what would it mean for the strategic positioning of your West Coast system, could it improve enough to become by kind of core part to the portfolio and not altogether there? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes, so, I dont think that were looking at any chemicals investments on the West Coast. As we think about the West Coast, fundamentally we want to run well and optimize and thats around getting advantage crude to the front of the refineries. We dont have any big investments in front of us on the West Coast. Obviously, quarter-over-quarter, West Coast was better, second quarter than first quarter. We think it remains a challenged environment but given the position we have and the cost structure of our refineries and where they sit relative to the peers, I think were in a pretty good position on the West Coast.
Doug Leggate: All right. Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hi, good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Evan Calio: I know you recently raised 2014 CapEx and the buyback authorization simultaneously. And maybe a general question on how you think about forward Midstream CapEx, I mean, given the percentage of Midstream spending, additional attractive organic opportunities. How does you MLP in the potential to monetize your Midstream spending at a much faster rate than the typical long-wide asset affect your view on future Midstream spending? And I have a follow-up please.
Greg Garland: Well, I think at our Analyst Day, we kind of weighed out 14, 15 and 16 and we weighed out $12 billion of growth opportunities essentially seven of it to PSX level. And most of that was directed as Midstream. I think we see many opportunities in Midstream and we will be opportunistic. I think a recent announcement of the acquisition of the Gulf Coast crude oil and products terminal is an example of that. So, when we see an opportunity well certainly, well move on that. And then specifically around the MLP, we view that is a tool in the toolbox that we could use to execute our Midstream growth program and/or accelerate the growth at Midstream with that MLP. And certainly I think youll see us do that.
Evan Calio: Maybe a similar question, I think its what you just showed us to put a finer point on it. But as you affect the portfolio shift that we  I guess, you and I believe would drive a re-rating in your EBITDA. Your CapEx also rises, I mean, do you see your balance sheet liquidity essential MLP liquidity speaking of dropdowns as a method for maintaining or increasing distributions despite a rise in CapEx number?
Greg Maxwell: No, I think that we think about executing the plan, we think about our balance sheet and the capabilities of our balance sheet. We think we have $4 billion to $5 billion of capacity on the balance sheet, we could use. We have $5 billion of cash that we could use. And then certainly we have continued asset sales and/or going to the MLP. And so I think we have a robust funding mechanism to move this Midstream transformation board with our company.
Evan Calio: Great, and then one last one from me if I could. I mean, the economics are really fantastic for your LPG facility project given the cost at over 6 turn cap rate, a potential sale of MLP to 10 turn cap rate and a recapture of a portion of the EBITDA for the GP and LP units, which will also improve your returns. I mean, any thoughts here, any kind of scope out of earnings potential second stage here or just kind of market depth of expansion and Ill leave it there? Thanks.
Greg Garland: Yes, I want you to take that.
Tim Taylor: Evan, weve continued to see solid demand around the export piece for propane, butane and pentane, thats all part of that LPG facility. So, weve been encouraged in the market, we have said that  were looking at 8 BLGC carriers per month as our initial thinking. But currently they were able to go to 12, and I think as the market demand continues to grow and the options develop, I think thats something that we look forward to expanding. So, as we look down the road thats a key piece of where wed like to continue to grow.
Evan Calio: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning everyone. First of all, just a bit of a follow-up as regards to throughputs, youre at 96% utilization overall. But I think you had quite a few refineries that werent running full capacity. That would imply that some of your refineries ran over 100%, utilization? Does that is that a function of the light Sweep throughput? And can we expect you to go even higher in utilization for example in Q3 now, thats part one? Thanks.
Greg Garland: So, to answer the last one first, I think we just guided to low-90s to mid-90s in utilization on the third quarter call. I dont think its a function of running more lights sweet crude necessarily. We did do at alliance turnaround some work that allowed us to run more Eagle Ford at Alliance but it really didnt necessarily increase overall throughput at alliance. It was just avoiding some of the issues we had when we ran the Eagle Ford. So, youre actually right. There were refineries that ran above 100% utilization. And the way we manage that internally, once we demonstrate our higher utilization rate for a period of time, were going  well increase that effective capacity of that refinery in our numbers. But we need to be able to demonstrate that. But look across the system, the refineries ran well in the quarter. We expected that coming out of the turnarounds in the first quarter and generally youll see that performance coming out of turnarounds. But generally they ran well. And I think youre always going to have some ups and some downs and in and outs and we did during the quarter. We had some issues, we had small fire at buildings and so we saw some reduced capacity and throughput at our billings facilities. But in generally Ill tell you across the system, solid operations.
Paul Sankey: So, but youre implying that your capacity will go up, I dont quite understand if its not more light sweet crude was causing that to happen? I mean, if youre running at over 100%, it implies youre going to have a higher capacity?
Greg Garland: Its not the light sweet crude thats allowing us to run it over 100%, I guess thats what were saying.
Paul Sankey: Okay.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think its two things Paul. Specifically maybe Ponca City as an example, a more consistent crude slate leads to more consistent operations. So weve made great strides there. And then weve continued to focus on how to improve reliability. And I think that shows up as well. So, its really the two-point approach. So, relatively minor I would say capacity creep that really driven off those two things versus, significant investments in terms of distillation capacity or other types of ways to do that.
Paul Sankey: Great, thanks. And then just for the MLP outlook you mentioned, you made an acquisition that youre finding that there is plenty more stuff out there for you to buy, and can you just talk about the framework of what the asset market looks like to keep that growth going? Thanks very much and Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks Paul.
Greg Maxwell: So, just generally Paul, we dont comment a lot on M&A. Assets are pretty fully valued today. And so I think you have to look into that deeper value question about when you see the opportunity to expand around your system and drive the synergies to make that work. So, were always looking and weve had a couple of opportunities this last quarter. And we were able to do that. So, I think thats  well continue to look at that as we go forward.
Paul Sankey: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake: Yes, good morning. Couple of quick ones firstly on cash flow, $937 million before working capital I think was the number. I mean, obviously thats a bit lower than what youve been doing recently, I mean, obviously earnings could be part of that. But two of the line items in the cash flow statement, one is deferred tax which last year was running sort of at a positive. And in the second  forget the first quarter because I think there was some one-offs. But in the second quarter a slight negative. Maybe talk a little bit about deferred tax? And then the other line item is the associates or equity investments seem to be investing a little bit above DD&A and obviously were expecting them to in order to drive some of the growth when we think about the Chemicals and Midstream associates. But it felt like that was a little earlier than they had in the plan? I thought that was more going to be 2015, so maybe just if you could help us walk through those particular line items in the cash flow statement? Thank you.
Greg Maxwell: Yes, this is Greg. With regard to the deferred tax, we had some one-off things that hit that. And I dont have all the details with me right now. And we can call you and give you that additional detail. With regard to the undistributed equity earnings and the cash flows that are coming out of our JVs, we had a bit of an anomaly as I talked about in the first quarter with regard to WRB pan out the dividend from the prepayment of the loan outstanding to Cenovus. So that was a bit of an anomaly of cash flow coming out from that perspective. And then, as weve talked about with CPChem and marking on their large project, building the cracker and the two polyethylene units down on the Gulf Coast, we expect them to be fully funded from cash from operating activities. But as a result of that spending, we will end up seeing less distributions coming out of CPChem during this period of time of heavy spending really in 2015-2016.
Ed Westlake: Okay, thats helpful. And then, on the small Bolton acquisitions I mean, any idea of rough range of acquisition multiples?
Greg Garland: Ed, roughly I would say theyre in the comparables and the specialty lubricants area of what you kind of see  I think as we said, theyre fully valued. And then, I think as weve looked just we can turn we just see great opportunities. So thats a really key acquisition in terms of the pivot points around the Gulf Coast both in refined products and crude oil. And so, we see a lot of forward opportunity given our logistics infrastructure as well as our refining LPG and their products distribution in the Gulf Coast. So, I think that we feel that these are going to be very positive developments on both fronts from an earnings perspective and a good value.
Ed Westlake: So, if I understood correctly, typically the EBITDA multiples say year one but Phillips has ways to add value to the assets that its purchased over time?
Greg Garland: Absolutely.
Ed Westlake: Okay, okay, great. And then, just a question obviously, with the BIS discussing the fact that I was down there last week, met those folks. If you distill oil and if it looks like its a product on Schedule B, then that doesnt appear that they might stand in the way of that type of activity going on which is, makes sense to me. Now, some of the things that would then fit in that condensate exports, but as you go into deeper API crudes, I mean, obviously you could top API crudes down in the Gulf and then sell the intermediate products. Have you looked at any of that sort of topping type capacity and whether it would meet your hurdle requirements? Or does that fall under Gregs 40% IRR, require because its refining investment?
Greg Garland: We all like those.
Ed Westlake: Right.
Greg Maxwell: So, I think were looking at a range of opportunities there in terms of just general condensate infrastructure Ed. So, I mean, it could be gathering, it could be pipeline, it could be export facility, it could be topping, it could be full range splitting into the more complex product slate. As you know, at our LPG facility were putting 350,000 barrel essentially condensate tanks it that were under construction. So, certainly thats a piece of the equation that were looking at. I think there is some uncertainty around condensates and exports, they may be giving some people some pause around speculative splitters, well see. But regardless of what happens there, there are four things you need to do and three of them are right down the fairway what wed like to do in our Midstream business.
Ed Westlake: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Greg Maxwell: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: One broad question, a strategic question, and one more detailed question, if I could. Youve talked about capital allocation being 60% reinvest, and 40% generously back to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. How rigid or flexible is this guideline? I guess its dependent on a number of considerations, including level of cash flow, attractiveness of investment opportunities, and level of the stock price relative to your view of intrinsic value. But could you talk about how you see this evolving over time?
Greg Garland: Yes, I think  Jeff, I think that that was a broad statement in terms of how we think about cash. And cash could be funds from operations, it could be cash from the balance sheet, it could be raised through debt, it could be dropping assets in the MLP. And I think weve consistently said that we would use all of those vehicles for cash generation if were lower sources of cash to fund our forward program. So its a pretty aggressive program in terms of organic growth, its also rewarding our shareholders with secure growing distributions thats growing the dividends. We talk about minimal 10% type double-digit dividend increases plus continuing our share repurchases as long as its our share price trades below our view of intrinsic value. So thats kind of what we look at is were thinking about that.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks. Secondly, Borger, you had some downtime, major turnaround in March, and then there was a lot in the press about 30-day-plus outage in July. Could you talk about what was down in July, was it planned, unplanned, what activity was going on there?
Greg Garland: Yes, so I would just say that Borger hasnt run well this year. And so were working on improving operational reliability at Borger really to me are expectations. But the July event, by the way Borger is back up and running today. But July then was unplanned outage.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys, good morning. Greg, I presume, I know the answer, but anyway, just to confirm, Citco, seems like that they were trying to sell their refining asset in the U.S. We should assume that you guys would have absolutely no interest to further expand your U.S. refining capacity?
Greg Garland: I dont know, I think weve consistently said we have better opportunities to invest in our Midstream and our Chemicals business Paul.
Paul Cheng: Right. On the PSXP, any more internal prediction or forecast how quickly you could reach the high speed for the GP?
Tim Taylor: Yes. So Paul, were with this last distribution increase. Were close were  so I think reasonable growth in EBITDA in that MLP would put us there. I think that were very close to that goal. So weve doubled the EBITDA in the MLP with this last acquisition. And thats hard to push us toward that so as the earnings and distributions grow, were getting a much more close to being to the maximum high-split on the IDR.
Paul Cheng: And maybe that this is more for Greg, just as a request. Going forward, as youre reaching the high speed, if you can actually somewhere in your press release, just how everyone had  what is your GP cash flow for the quarter, I think that would be really helpful in terms of highlighting the value of what is that GP may be? And also in your chemical for CPC, thank you very much for the information that you give out, the DD&A and all that. But I believe that is not including the corresponding share of CPC on some of the chemical joint ventures. In that, you would be able to also put that, so we can get a full picture of what is the full depreciation related to that business that would be great.
Greg Garland: Okay. Well, first of all, on the first suggestion, great suggestion. Well do that in terms of the GP cash. On CPC, were working that, thats a little more difficult. But we recognized that is a deficiency in terms of people seeing that through EBITDA thats embedded down at the joint ventures within the joint venture.
Greg Maxwell: One of the things were attempting to do on that Paul, is youve probably seen in the supplemental information is look at it from a proportionally consolidated perspective and look past the equity earnings and give you the different components. And I think thats what youre looking for right?
Paul Cheng: Thats correct. Yes. And because thats a little bit complicated since we have joint venture within joint venture. So, if you guys can help us to get a better, full picture that would be great in terms of the valuation. Three other quick questions, first, Greg, do you have the market value of your inventory in excess of the bulk?
Greg Maxwell: Paul that runs in the second quarter, it stood at about right at $8 million.
Paul Cheng: Secondly, that I think in your slide, you were talking about the secondary product related to the configuration or benchmark, theres a drop in the Western Pacific region by about, say, $8-something. And thats about $2.50 or $2.40 per barrel worse than that discount in the first quarter. Can you give us a little bit better understanding that what may have caused that? Which particular secondary product is causing that substantial deterioration?
Greg Garland: So, I think again, that was almost $3.50 a barrel something like that. And what we saw, we actually saw coke prices go down and we saw LPG prices or NGL prices go down. So it was just a direct result of higher fleet stocks and lower costs for the products or lower values for the products.
Paul Cheng: Greg, are you talking about the thermal coke or that you guys selling a specialty coke?
Greg Garland: Thermal, yeah.
Paul Cheng: Its thermal coke?
Greg Garland: Yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay. A final one, maybe this is for Tim. Tim, have you seen any evidence that oil ones, they travel down to South Texas being trapped in Houston and have not been able to very cost effectively move to Louisiana side or that you guys havent really seen that?
Tim Taylor: No, I think thats continuing to be an issue that the infrastructure on the Gulf still is not sufficient to move some of these lighter crudes into Louisiana as much as wed like to see. I think thats what youve seen little bit with recent LLS move. So thats still developing that will improve. But yes, I think that we continue to see that disconnect between the Texas and Louisiana side on the light side.
Paul Cheng: I see. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, good morning.
Greg Maxwell: Hi Roger.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Roger Read: I guess, maybe a specific question, getting back to a combination of things. Number one, your comments earlier about buying your crude direct as opposed to blended, how that fits in with some of the new pipeline capacity coming from West Texas. And then also how maybe this recent change in the condensate export rules plays into that in terms of the types of crude youve been buying that have been blended. I know thats wide ranging but Im trying to get a feel for what you may or may not see in terms of API and then just how much condensate is blended in at this point?
Tim Taylor: Yes, we dont  I would say today the large proportion of condensate is in the crude piece. And youve certainly seen the blended barrel gravity start to come up. The value that we see is with particularly and you look at the mid-Con in Ponca City border being able  on top of the producing fields to go direct help. Similar approach were taking in the Eagle Ford expanding that. And so, and buying in the Bakken, where you canvas with segregated distinct batches all help that consistency. And weve actually increased that volume and well continue look at ways to do that because we think that adds additional value on the refining side of our business. So, thats actually a concentrated effort on our commercial side to increase that.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks. And in terms of the change with the rules, I mean, whats your expectation on how quickly that can actually have an impact? I mean, we know what the first two were, we know that theres been some sort of a haul placed, at least in the near term. How are you thinking about, in terms of the ability for the industry to get this out of here that it will ultimately flow back into the impact on the type of crudes you are seeing running and in your ability to take advantage of that?
Tim Taylor: Well, first, we do expect condensate production to continue to grow. So I think that has to be dealt with. And then they still need particularly if youre going to export, you just looked at that to say you got to get the infrastructure where you can segregate you cant co-mingle. And so thats still developing and that is the opportunity that Greg was talking about earlier about these opportunity to bring it from the field into the markets that were processing. So, I think its still early, still developing. I think thats going to evolve. But I think that some type of distillation probably starts to sit up that play that length in condensate will eventually leave the U.S. in some form or another. Because thats where the demand is going to be and thats really what you got to serve. So the key is to figure out which pieces work right now. But if it stays in the crude were going to continue to find ways to drive that to the refineries. And there is still probably likely to be a more segregated system that drives it directly.
Roger Read: Okay, and then, just an unrelated follow-up question on the chemicals business. Greg, getting back to your comments on the cash flow side that overall thats not a segment thats going to deliver a lot of cash flow to the corporate level. If the Port Arthur facility is going to be off-line for a significant period of time and Im not asking you to predict that, Im just saying if that turns out to be the case, does that have a meaningful impact on the cash flows? Or, another way of asking the question is there any risk that your CapEx will actually have to increase to make up for any potential shortfalls in the chemicals side next year?
Greg Garland: I would say from what we know now what we see now, we dont think well have to put equity into the CPChem. Theyll continue to fund their programs and distributing cash back to the owners.
Roger Read: Even with the unit down for a long period of time?
Greg Garland: Yes, I dont know, we dont know how long the units are going to be down at this point. And I think anything we would do might just be speculative and so were probably not going to go there today. There was a localized buyer and so, I think we can probably give you more guidance in a month or so as we get there. But certainly our view is that that unit, there is no reason that unit would be down for a prolonged period of time, yes.
Tim Taylor: Yes.
Roger Read: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hi guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I had two for you. The first, Ive always viewed one of the real competitive advantages for PSX is your elevated distillate yield in the refining system. And just in reviewing your supplemental data here, I was looking at the yield on a worldwide basis. It looks like its trended a little bit lower here into 2Q at 38%, which had been trending around 39% or 40%. Im just curious, as you begin to increase, or continue to increase the domestic advantaged runs of light sweet, do you expect that to have an impact on your distillate yield going forward?
Greg Garland: I think I mean, were continuing to look for ways that we can increase distillate yield. Certainly in this quarter, that maybe would be wrong way to go directionally since gasoline crack was up $7 and distillate was down $3.75. But as you think about where the world is going and we think distillate continues to grow two to three times the gasoline demand globally, we think distillate  increasing distillate make sense. Having said that, were not going to spend a lot of money to do that, but we do think weve got a 1% to 2% yield capture and distillate that we can affect over the next year or two in terms of operations. And I think we probably wore down in the second quarter on distillate production.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, great. Thanks, Greg. The second question, really the underlying question is on the pacing of buybacks. But, I guess, first and foremost, with the upward revision on CapEx in 14, is it fair to think that theres an upward bias to the 15 numbers that you provided in April? And, I guess, secondly, obviously that would hurt free cash flow. Is it fair to think that the pacing of buybacks may slow a bit as you digest some of the M&A and some of the elevated spend here until you get a contribution from those assets going forward?
Greg Garland: Thats not what were thinking today.
Blake Fernandez: Okay.
Greg Maxwell: I dont think when we look at cash flow generation over the next two or three years, it looks like there is sufficient cash to fund the increase in capital that weve built into 2014 and continue a fairly significant reduction in share count through repurchase. So, the increase is predicated on just executing the plan that weve got in front of us. I dont think we have any intention of reducing our share repurchase in order to fund additional CapEx.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. And just to clarify is it fair to think of maybe some upward pressure in 15 compared to what you provided in April?
Greg Garland: So, we gave guidance at the Analyst Meeting somewhere around $3.5 billion to $4 billion of capital in 2015 and 16. I think those are good numbers to work with right now. Were just getting, were just getting indications from the businesses today as far as what they would like to spend. We still believe that having constrained capital programs make sense, forces the business is really to select the best projects. But I dont really see us meaningfully increasing the capital spend in 15 or 16.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, thanks Greg.
Greg Garland: Of course well give you updates on that as we get into the fall. Well be talking to our board about what theyre comfortable with as well. But there are a lot of things that were looking at today. I mean, were really building a nice queue of capital programs in the Midstream business that were interested in pursuing. And but, we certainly dont want to pull back from our share repurchase program.
Blake Fernandez: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Thanks, good morning, just a few questions on the midstream side. With the Beaumont acquisition, is Chevron the only customer, at least the majority of the revenues for that facility? And how do you envision running that facility for your own refineries and operations?
Tim Taylor: Faisel, I will get the customer but if there are other people in that terminal today and really as weve looked at it, we want to really expand that terminal and that base. And so we think about it A, youve got shown operations, youve got (inaudible) relatively close, youve got connections in the Texas. And then these new crude lines, all come into Beaumont area. And the connections you can make there, youve got a marine dock with that. So I think that weve thought about it that we just see tremendous third party as well as PSX activity that can be tied to that terminal both the crude side as well as the product side. So I think as we go forward, well continue to develop that asset connectivity and drive really volumes and across our systems but also importantly opening that up and having a lot of third party opportunity there as well.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And just to clarify, that facility would definitely be eligible to be dropped into the MLP, is that right?
Greg Garland: Thats correct.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then on the accelerated development of the LPG export terminal and the Sweeny fractionators, in your analyst day presentation you talked about Sweeny Fractionator 1 coming on in 15 and I think the LPG export terminal coming on in 16. Does the accelerated capital spending that you guys got Board approval for, does that push the LPG terminal into 15 and maybe Sweeny the beginning of 15?
Greg Garland: No, were really still on our target startup date were still on budget in terms of our total expected cost. This is really reflects a spending curve coming in faster than we expected. But total labor hours, material costs, all those things are just moving forward from where we were on that piece. And but we have not changed the schedule on that. But the good news is on target, on budget.
Faisel Khan: Okay. So, just earlier spending and then in the later years youll have less spending than what you thought, I guess?
Greg Garland: Correct.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then just going back to your comments around the splitters, not too long ago you guys had talked about possibly building a splitter around your facilities. It sounds like thats on hold now, pending what happens with condensate exports. Is that a fair assumption?
Tim Taylor: I think we should that there is an infrastructure opportunity beyond just a splitter. So were still very active in looking at both the design on the splitter as an opportunity as well as infrastructure. And I think its really for us, its kind of the decision is simple as a complex splitter, what you want to but then how does that fit the refining operations thats still ongoing. But we still see an opportunity there on the condensate side.
Faisel Khan: Okay, thats fair. And then you guys talked about in the past a pipeline solution to move crude oil from west to east on the Gulf Coast. Have you guys moved that project forward, or is there any more clarity around what the scope of that project could be?
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think that Beaumont gives us additional access point and opportunity as you think about our system. And so thats part of our thinking as we go forward as to how do we use that more effectively to really look at connections out that terminal to get into Louisiana. So, were actively studying marine as well as pipeline options around that.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then last question to me. With Cushing inventories having been depleted more recently, and another drawdown today, does that have any impact on Ponca and Borger? Or do you do all, your inventory inside the refining fence, or do you look at the Cushing market, the Cushing storage tanks, also, to balance that?
Greg Garland: I think actually having the refineries there actually gives us additional flexibility with the storage they have. So it is not impacted the operations. Clearly Cushing needs to replenish, its right at the minimum. But I think have the operations there actually gives us a degree of flexibility of were just having a market center source there. Remember again, we take a lot of that crude in Ponca border comes from locally gathered systems as well, particularly in borders. So that really, its a nice tie but its not an absolute must that we connect the two together to the operation.
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from Bradley Olsen of Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Bradley Olsen: Hi, good morning everyone.
Greg Garland: Hi Brad.
Greg Maxwell: Good morning Brad.
Bradley Olsen: A couple more questions. I think my questions have been pretty picked over but I did want to follow up on the Beaumont facility. Obviously we are seeing quite a bit of activity around the Gulf Coast on the storage side. And storage rates have been reported by some of your midstream competitors as being pretty attractive and improving. You guys certainly have a lot of storage, both inside and outside the refinery gate on the Gulf Coast. When you think about the valuations that you have seen in the market, and saw in the Beaumont process, does it really change the way that you think of your already-owned facilities and maybe the values that they could be dropped down into an MLP?
Tim Taylor: No, I mean, obviously were encouraged by valuation in the Midstream from our own perspective. And then wed agree we see the opportunity. So, I think thats been  weve talked about that, thats part of our plan to grow. And then, on top of that organic and the acquisitions piece and I think we just put it all together and share great Midstream opportunity. But it does highlight the value of our Midstream assets that were initially embedded so to speak in our transportation reporting system.
Bradley Olsen: Okay. Great. And the Beaumont facility, which was a combined terminal and dock facility, with all of the increased maritime activity along the Gulf Coast, are you getting to a point where you see the dock portion of that asset as being maybe somewhat of a scarce resource in the Texas Gulf Coast area?
Greg Garland: Yes, we think the dock is going to be well utilized and that was part of the attracting for us is another option to either from a products or a crude standpoint to take advantage and capture that. But I think, product side, crude side, you just can see a lot of logistics moves and thats why we like this particular location asset.
Bradley Olsen: Okay. Great. And as we think about the still uncertain outcomes of the condensate decision, knowing that there is maybe potential for 700,000 barrels a day of condensate maybe hit the water at a lower cost, or more easily than maybe the market previously thought, does that increase opportunities for your existing Jones Act tankers? Does it make you more interested to get involved further in that market or change the way that youre thinking about the usage of those vessels between Texas and Louisiana, or Texas and the East Coast?
Greg Garland: Weve continued to optimize that movement based on the relative value of refining. And so, condensate its a fuzzy definition. But the light crude utilization still makes a lot of sense. The condensate just spend how that goes, you can actually open up international opportunity with that perhaps on some of the product side. So I think weve kind of thought about it that way but I think we still like our utilization on marine vessels in that light even, lighter crude fraction. But just to be how things develop, we have a lot of flexibility around that.
Greg Maxwell: Ill just add, I think second quarter the MR vessels were fully utilized. The question is its just an optimization and how do you want to use them, Eagle Ford to Alliance or Eagle Ford to Bayway. And so I think well always run those numbers and do the things that generate the most value on that. I think weve said previously we would have an interest in acquiring an additional Jones Act capability. So, were always looking around that.
Bradley Olsen: Okay. And just a follow-up on the chemicals side of things. With the start up of the 1-Hexene facility, its always a little bit difficult to pin down the granular project cost at the JV level. But is there a good sequential EBITDA uptick number that we should think about? And will we see full EBITDA contribution reached later this year or early in 2015?
Greg Maxwell: So, this is 550 million pound per year 1-Hexene plant. Still see good demand for that, it uses a kind of a smaller amount of raw material and polyethylene production. And so thats going to have a ramp-up period. We have talked about the investment being in the order of $200 million or so. And I think that long range return of 15% to 20% on those is kind of the way that I look at that. And it will take a period of time to reach that. But I would say that were hitting the market I think at a pretty good time.
Bradley Olsen: And thats used to develop polyethylene at CPC facilities or is that going to be marketed to third-party consumers, as well?
Greg Garland: Almost all polyethylene will use some type of command where they call it and Hexane being the big piece that butane being the smaller piece. So thats a global market and it deals within CPChem as well as other producers.
Bradley Olsen: Perfect. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Clayton Reasor.
Clayton Reasor: Well, thank you very much for participating in the call this morning. We do appreciate your interest in the company. Youll be able to find a transcript posted to our website shortly. And please feel free to give Rosy or me a call if youve got any follow-up questions. Thanks again. Good day.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 11:40:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Clayton Reasor. You may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Good morning. Welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Greg Garland, our Chairman and CEO; Greg Maxwell, our Chief Financial Officer and EVP, Tim Taylor. The presentation material we will be using this morning could be found on our website in the Investor Relations section along with supplemental, financial and operating information we think you will find helpful. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder we will be making forward-looking comments during our prepared remarks and the question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we say today and factors that could cause these results to differ are included on the second page of the presentation as well as in our filings with the SEC. Its my pleasure now to turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks. Greg?
Greg Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We are glad you are with us today. We had another solid quarter. Our Midstream and Chemicals businesses have demonstrated their earnings durability during the quarter. We operated well across our businesses in Midstream, Chemicals and Refining. Also in the Refining, we completed our first quarter major turnaround program this month. We strive for operating excellence in everything we do. We think that we protect and enhance shareholder value by getting this part of our jobs right. So, we continue to drive improvements in personal safety, process safety, environmental metrics and reliability. Adjusted earnings for the quarter were $866 million and we returned $2.2 billion of capital to shareholders. We are making progress in building our higher value businesses. In February, we reached the final investment decision on the Sweeny Fractionator One and the Freeport LPG Export Terminal. And in March, we signed a significant LPG sales contract for this terminal. We expect that the capital spend for these two projects to be just over $3 billion. These investments are examples of how we plan to grow the Midstream business by leveraging on the capability and the infrastructure of our core assets. We have the ability to expand the LPG export facility and we are already looking into other factionator and condensate splitter options. Also in March, PSXP made its first post-IPO acquisition. It purchased the Gold Line product systems and two refinery-grade propylene storage spheres, which are located in Medford, Oklahoma. These were acquired from PSX for $700 million. This acquisition is expected to almost double the partnerships annual EBITDA. The assets currently in Phillips Partners are key connectors to five of Phillips 66s core operating refineries. Our intent is to get PSXP to scale. So, it will have the balance sheet and the capability to be able to co-invest and ultimately invest in its own Midstream opportunities. In Chemicals, CPChem broke ground on its U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals project, which it consist of a 3.3 billion pound per year ethane cracker and two polyethylene facilities, each with an annual capacity of 1.1 billion pounds. CPChem is the first to start construction on a new major U.S. Gulf Coast petchem project and expect the startup to be in 2017. In addition, CPChems 1-Hexene project and a small specialty chemicals expansion in Belgium are expected to startup during the second quarter this year. Regarding refining, we continue to find ways to provide crude supply optionality to our refineries. At the Bayway refinery, we have a 70,000 barrel per day rail rack, which is expected to come online in the second quarter and our Ferndale refinery at 30,000 barrel a day rail rack will start up later this year. We have ordered another 1,200 railcars that will be dedicated to crude in addition to the 2,000 we already have in service. We expect to start receiving additional cars this summer and by early next year will increase our crude by rail capacity to about 160,000 barrels per day. We have also reached agreements with several third-party logistics companies to deliver more advantage crude to our refineries. We have secured 20,000 barrels a day of rail loading capacity in Hardisty, Alberta and 10,000 barrels a day in Casper, Wyoming all focused on Canadian crude. Both of these facilities will be operational later this year. In addition, we have 20,000 barrels a day agreement with Plains in Bakersfield, California to put advantage crudes into their pipeline system for delivery to our refineries. This facility will also be commissioned later this year. For pipelines, we have entered into an agreement providing more access deep into the Eagle Ford. We have secured 30,000 barrels a day of turn space on the South Texas Crude Pipeline, which includes capacity through Corpus Christi marine terminal further enabling us to ship Eagle Ford to our Gulf and East Coast refineries via our Jones Ax vessels. In addition, this agreement complements the commitment we already have on the Kinder Morgan Pipeline that supplies up to 65,000 barrels a day of Eagle Ford to Sweeny. We believe that returning capital to our shareholders is fundamental for creating value. And its an important part of or strategy. Since the formation of Phillips 66, we have returned $6 billion to our shareholders. This includes $3.2 billion in share repurchases, $1.4 billion for the PSPI exchange, and we have almost doubled our dividend. Our board has authorized $5 billion in share repurchases. We have $1.8 billion remaining. Through this first quarter, we have purchased about 42 million net shares and with the PSPI exchange, we have reduced our outstanding shares by close to 10%. As we disclosed in our Analyst Meeting, we expect 40% of our capital allocation to be for shareholder distributions, while reinvesting 60% back into our businesses. Including our share of expected capital spending by DCP, CPChem and WRB, over the next three years, our capital program is expected to be $16 billion with over 70% directed towards Midstream and Chemicals opportunities. So, with that, I am going to hand the call over to Greg Maxwell, who will take you through the quarter results. Greg?
Greg Maxwell: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone. We start on Slide 4. First quarter adjusted earnings were $866 million or $1.47 per share, a $696 million non-cash gain recognized in the exchange of Phillips Specialty Products, or PSPI was the main adjustment to our earnings this quarter. In addition, consistent with last quarter, PSPI results were included in discontinued operations and as such are not part of our discussion today. Adjusted cash from operations for the quarter were $1 billion. We will cover this in more detail when we get to the cash flow chart. For the quarter, we paid $229 million in dividends and we repurchased 8.4 million shares of our common stock for $640 million. We also took yet another 17.4 million shares through the PSPI exchange. On an adjusted basis, our annualized 2014 return on capital employed was 13%. Slide 5 provides the comparison of our first quarter adjusted earnings with last years fourth quarter on a segment basis. Compared to last quarter, our earnings increase of $58 million was driven by improved results in Midstream, Chemicals as well as Marketing and Specialties. I will cover each of these segments in more detail later on. The Midstream segment posted higher earnings this quarter compared with the fourth quarter as all of our Midstream businesses had improvements. The annualized 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for Midstream was 22% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.5 billion. Slide 7 shows Midstreams first quarter earnings of $188 million, an increase of $67 million from last quarter. Transportation made $62 million this quarter and this is up from last quarter due to higher throughput fees and higher railcar rates. Operating costs were lower as well contributing to the improved earnings. DCP Midstreams earnings increased by $46 million primarily due to equity gains from DPMs unit issuances to the public, lower operating costs, and also higher natural gas and NGL prices. In addition, our NGL business line was also improved due to stronger propane prices. In Chemicals, CPChem ran well overall. The global Olefins and Polyolefins capacity utilization rate for the quarter was 93% and benefited from stronger margins, while the SA&S business was able to capture higher earnings following the last quarters benzene turnaround. The annualized 2014 return on capital employed from our Chemicals segment was 30% and this is based on average capital employed of $4.2 billion. As shown on Slide 9, first quarter earnings for Chemicals were $316 million and this represents a record quarter for our Chemicals business. In Olefins and Polyolefins, earnings were up mainly due to improved realized O&P chain margins and higher earnings from CPChems equity affiliates and this was partially offset by lower ethylene volumes. The $29 million improvement in Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics was primarily due to higher benzene production from the absence of turnaround activity completed in the fourth quarter of last year as well as stronger margins in the first quarter. Moving on to refining, our realized margin was $9.88 per barrel, the global utilization rate was 90% and our clean product yield was 84%. The annualized 2014 adjusted return on capital employed for refining was 9% and again this is based on an average capital employed of $13.5 billion. The Refining segment had earnings of $306 million and this is down from last quarters earnings of $418 million. This decrease is mainly due to lower volumes as a result of plant turnaround and maintenance activities as well as overall weaker realized Refining margins. The Atlantic Basin region was up as Bayway was back on line following a major scheduled turnaround last quarter this allowed us to capture the higher crack spread in this region. In the Gulf Coast, earnings were down largely due to plant turnaround at our Alliance Refinery. The decrease in the Central Corridor was mainly driven by the narrowing of Canadian crude differentials as well as downtime at the Borger and Wood River refineries. Western Pacifics decrease is primarily due to narrowing crude differentials of domestic shale crudes relative to ANS and plant turnaround activity at our San Francisco facilities. Other refining had a positive earnings impact of $38 million this quarter compared to a loss of $49 million last quarter. The first quarter earnings were largely driven by improved commercial results and lower cost. Next, lets look at our market capture on Slide 12. Compared to the market, our realized margin was 79% this quarter. This is down from 109% in the fourth quarter. On a regional level, the biggest movements were in the Central Corridor and the Western Pacific regions and you can find additional regional information in the appendix. As many of you know, our refineries are configured to produce more distillate than the marker assumes. With the overall strength in the crack spread more weighted towards gasoline than diesel this quarter, our configuration was a negative impact compared with the market. The secondary products losses of $5.14 were lower by $0.40 per barrel this quarter compared to the fourth quarter and this was driven mainly by improved NGL prices in the Central Corridor. The positive feedstock impact of $4.18 was about $0.40 per barrel less than last quarter and this is largely resulting from the overall narrowing of crude differentials. The largest swing compared to last quarter is another. The $0.91 per barrel negative impact shown on the chart compares to a positive impact of $1.52 per barrel last quarter. Included in other are impacts from product realizations, inventory and RINs. These first two items were the main drivers for the change due to the seasonal activities. We had negative inventory impacts this quarter as we built inventories compared to inventory draws in the fourth quarter and claim product differentials were less favorable as blending of intermediates of butanes were reduced. Slide 13 shows the comparison of advantage crude runs at our U.S. refineries by quarter on the left and by year on the right. During the quarter 91% of the companys U.S. crude slate was considered advantaged and this compares with 94% last quarter. The decrease was mainly due to processing less coastal domestic crudes in the Gulf Coast due to planned turnaround activity and also lower heavy crudes in the Central Corridor region. These decreases were partially offset by increases of Bakken crude that processed at our Bayway refinery. This next slide covers our Marketing and Specialty segment or M&S. Worldwide marketing margins were $3.07 per gallon in the first quarter. Our specialties business had lower margin and we will cover this in more detail in the next slide. However, before we move on I want to make you aware of a reporting change we made impacting both the Refining and the M&S segments. Specialties previously only included our finished lubes business, but effective January 1, 2014, we moved a Base Oil joint venture as well as the commission revenues related to the needle and anode coke into this business line. These specialty businesses were previously reported in refining. We have also made these changes retrospectively so that our prior period results reflect these changes. In addition, as mentioned earlier PSPI results are reported in discontinued operation versus being included in the M&S segment. The annualized 2014 adjusted return on capital employed from M&S was 22% on average capital employed of $2.4 billion. Slide 15 provides some additional detail about the M&S segment. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the first quarter were $137 million representing a $32 million increase from the fourth quarter. The increase is driven from earnings in marketing and other largely due to improved U.S. margins that were partially offset by higher costs and lower volumes. During the quarter, our refined product exports totaled 139,000 barrels per day, down from 197,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter. This decrease is mainly driven by the Alliance Refinery turnaround as well as more attractive inland prices. Specialties earnings were $44 million this quarter, a $7 million decrease from the fourth quarter. This decline reflects lower Base Oil margins partly offset by improved lubricants margin. Moving on to Corporate and Other, this segment includes net interest expense, it includes Corporate overhead costs and it also includes technology and other costs not allocated to our operating segments. Corporate and Other costs were $81 million after-tax for the first quarter and this compares with $97 million last quarter. The improvement of $16 million was partly due to lower environmental accruals and tax impacts. Moving next to our first quarter cash flow, starting on the left adjusted cash from operations was $1 billion. Note that this excludes working capital and the impacts of the WRB special distribution. Adjusted working capital changes were a negative impact this quarter largely due to building inventory. The $1.2 billion special distribution from WRB resulted from Cenovus prepaying its partnership contribution obligation to the joint venture. During the quarter, we funded $572 million in capital expenditures and we paid $229 million in dividends. In addition, we repurchased $640 million of our shares through the share repurchase program and an additional $450 million of cash was associated with the PSPI share exchange. And we ended the quarter with the cash balance of $5.3 billion. As for our capital structure shown on the next slide we ended the quarter with equity of $21.8 billion in debt at $6.2 billion resulting in a debt to capital ratio of 22%. After taking into consideration our ending cash balance of $5.3 billion, our net debt to capital ratio was 4% at the end of the quarter. This concludes my discussions of the financial and operational results. I will now cover a few outlook items. In Midstream, DCP Midstream has started work to build the Zia II plant, a 200 million cubic feet per day sour natural gas processing plant thats located in the Permian Basin region. For the second quarter, we expect global utilization rates for both Chemicals O&P and refining to be in the mid-90s. With regard to turnarounds, our pretax turnaround expenses is expected to be about $400 million to $450 million for 2014 and about $70 million in the second quarter. In Corporate and Other, we expect this segments after-tax cost to run about $100 million per quarter. And the overall effective income tax rate is expected to be in the mid-30s for the second quarter. With that we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Jeff Dietert of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Jeff Dietert: Westlake announced its plans to drop three ethylene plants in an MLP and I was just curious if you could update us on your thoughts as far as that potential outlook you have obviously got the ethylene plants and experience with MLPs?
Greg Garland: So, Jeff, yes, thanks. Yes, we saw that announcement and I think it probably makes sense. I think you will see more people considering that as a vehicle and a tool to use in the portfolio. I am not sure we would completely rule that out as a value creation opportunity for CPChem, but as you know, I mean we have a partner there and it would take agreement on both sides for us to proceed on something like that.
Jeff Dietert: I understand. Secondly on condensate splitter economics, I was wondering if you could share your thoughts on how economic those splitters are at this point based on the discounts you are seeing for condensates and perhaps provide an update on your potential interest in a project there?
Greg Garland: Well, let me make a couple of general comments while Tim gathers his thoughts. And I will let him give you some of the details. I mean, we continue to be interested in condi splitters. We think there is a place for them. When you look at the asset infrastructure that we have and we are contemplating building, I think we are in a great ZIP code to create value by doing that. I think the other thing I would say around condensate splitting is  point-in-time forecast are always dangerous. So, we always try to look to see where is it going? And we think over the long-term that we can create value by doing that.
Tim Taylor: Yes, Jeff. No, I think if you look at condensate splitting and there are a number of options ones within the refinery system itself at a refinery. And as the life content goes up and the blender there, there maybe an opportunity and the need to address that, but what we are really focused on and we talked about was our initial thinking around a larger condensate splitter in the Sweeny area, where you are close to the increasing condensate production in West Texas and the Eagle Ford. And there we just look at it and say that a splitter that goes into products provides a larger margin than one that just tops that and exports or uses the top crudes so to speak in a system. So, I think we are still kind of looking at both of those options, but we like the idea of a splitter that really separates the condensate into components and you get quite a yield of naphtha and distillate cut with lesser amounts of LPG and heavier fractions off of that kind of system. So, still in evaluation, I think as Greg stated, well we are going to look at the margin opportunity in the collection system, but collectively, we see condensate production increasing and we are seeing opportunity there on both the transportation and the splitting side to be a piece of that.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks for your comments.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake: Yes. So, I mean, obviously you just have the Analyst Day and laid out a wealth of opportunities in the MLP space and also in the chemical space, but the refining performance I guess in the first quarter was a little weak and the slides you have released are helpful, but if I look at the slides you have laid out and you do all the regional stuff as well, there is that swing in other, but it doesnt include the sort of say the opportunity costs from maintenance. So, I am just wondering do you have like a number for the fourth quarter or what do you think the opportunity costs that you lost was for maintenance, particularly in the regions which underperformed?
Greg Garland: I think the margin loss was around $90 million is just south of a $100 million.
Ed Westlake: Right, thats helpful. And any particular split, mainly in the  I guess Alliance was down, Central Corridor as well?
Greg Garland: Yes, its on the Gulf Coast, because I mean we have the crude tower down at Lake Charles also. And so we bought BGO to keep the refinery running. And you can question how much value created by doing that, but I think that the time that we set the plans in place, it looked like the right things to do and then we had some weakness in California.
Tim Taylor: We also had a major turnaround at Borger. So really, when you look at both the MidCon and the Gulf Coast, you had major turnarounds there and we have come back from there, but that would  those are big impacts, both on the cost side as well as the margin side.
Ed Westlake: Right. And then coming back to this condensate theme, Borger, Ponca, probably Sweeny, you are probably buying whats marketed to you as WTI? And then it turns up and its not your old WTI that you used to buy, because obviously the components of the feedstock are getting much lighter. Can you comment a little bit about where we are you think in terms of the tipping points in terms of WTI becoming maybe even above the spec of 42 API and therefore the need to have separate infrastructure for some of this super light stuff, all we had to stress point today, do you think that thats going to occur as you look out?
Greg Garland: I dont think there is any question that people are blending condensate into TI as a way to move those volumes to market. We have not cut rates at any of our facilities. As we have strong quality control, we know what we are buying and we typically get what we want and we go directly to lease and buy and we think thats one of the strengths of our system that we have in terms of running those MidCon facilities. And we will see, I think its probably early to say you need a separate infrastructure for condensate and condensate movement, but I think we will continue to watch that. But at this point in time, I think we are getting the right feed to the front end of our refineries and we dont see an issue with it.
Ed Westlake: Yes, thanks, very helpful.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, fellows. I appreciate you taking my questions. Maybe I could start off with the standard kind of boilerplate portfolio question, then I had a couple of data points this morning I guess with yourself saying the Whitegate process is kind of coming to an end. We also had one of your competitors saying that we have some interest on the West Coast. So, I am just kind of curious as to what was the next step there for Whitegate that you moved out to a terminal, liquidate the inventory, whats the process now and latest thoughts on the West Coast and I have got a follow up please?
Greg Garland: Okay. We said at the Analyst Day that we had limited interest from people wanting to buy the Whitegate facility. We have an obligation to run that facility via contract through mid 2016. So, I think we will continue to work options around that facility. As you know, its the only refinery in Ireland. It produces 40% of the Irish fuel needs. I suspect that there is an answer out there for Whitegate and we will continue to work that with the Irish government. And the other thing we said around Whitegate is there was some interest in splitting Whitegate and Bantry Bay. And so we are continuing run a second step process around Bantry Bay and we will see where does that go, but I suspect we get that done this year. And then West Coast, our focus around West Coast is running it well. I think we are good operator  we operate well. I think our assets are well positioned. So, our focus really is on improvement and getting advantage crude to the front of those refineries. And we gave you some data points today on some of the work we are doing to get advantage crudes, those firms, refineries were making progress and there is  but there is more to do. We are not through yet.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow up is you guys are obviously very unique in the number of levels, but particularly because you are not putting a lot of money to work in your refining business, and I guess thats still the biggest driver of your cash flow I would argue. And so when I look at your prospective buyback, your outlook to basically sustain the buybacks. I know its a little unexact so to speak in terms of being able to predict the book. And as things stand today looking forward under the current environment, do you see a scenario where the buybacks really dont  you need to slow them down or do you think you can sustain these buybacks for an extended period given where your balance sheet is?
Greg Garland: Yes. As long as our shares trade below our intrinsic value, we are going to take shares in. And so we are buyers of the shares today.
Doug Leggate: Would you be prepared to see your balance sheet move up to the top end of your range, can you sustain that?
Greg Garland: So, I think given, if we have a 2008/2009 I think we have said consistently we are willing to grow the balance sheet to fund our growth in our shareholder distributions. But if we are at mid-cycle type conditions, we are going to gain $4 billion or $5 billion of cash a year and we think thats sufficient to do the programs that we have laid out.
Doug Leggate: Alright, thanks. I appreciate the answers.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hi, good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Evan Calio: Big quarter in Chemicals and I have got a macro question there, recently enterprise announced ethylene export facilities targeted to be online before your cracker comes online. So, do you have any comment on ethylene exports and whether these facilities alter your longer term ethylene surplus for you or maybe your competitive advantage versus exports on the cost curve and first mover status?
Greg Garland: So, we continue to look at ethylene exports closely. We just dont think they make sense economically. I kind of go back to the past decade in Middle East where ethane was free and no one could make it work with free ethane and now we are talking about playing between Henry Hub gas and European prices. So I mean what we will see where, does that go, you may see more ethylene exports and more interest in ethylene exports and certainly I think European petchems are interested in propane and butane for feedstocks as they are trying to do access North American energy revolution as you think about that. But lets just say you can make it work and the  you can put ethane to the facilities in Europe, they could absorb it. In our view its between maybe 200,000 to 300,000 barrels a day which is about what we think is being rejected today. So our view is it doesnt offer the balance in the U.S. in terms of ethane. Tim if you want go into deeper, its fine.
Tim Taylor: No, I think only thing Evan is if you have ethane exports it probably does provide some support on the pricing side to bring it up. And so I think its provides another option that we dont see that level really driving us on this supply-demand balance on the ethane side of the business to really force it, so some narrowing perhaps but still a substantial advantage in North America.
Evan Calio: Great. And I appreciate that. My second is a few refining questions if I could, any color on the Wood River debottlenecking project announced by your partners today. And secondly, Borger utilization going forward, should we see that as higher, I know there has been heavy turnaround, but it has been heavy turnaround for  or planned, unplanned outage for last year, so I just wanted some status of how that  how we should think about that asset going forward?
Greg Garland: Yes. So I think weve got work to do at Borger. I think thats one asset we can run better. We got a lot of focus around that internally. So I will make a couple of comments on the Wood River expansion. So as we premise the coker refinery expansion project we actually premise that on (indiscernible). And because of economic reasons we have been running on drill bit. So we have hit the condensate limits and havent got the capacity expansion that we expected for all the right reasons. And so there is some what I would say is modest capital that can go in to remove moving those constraints that allow us to get to another 20,000 barrels a day of capacity out of that asset. We think it makes a fundamental sense. Its a good economics around that project and thats something that we want to do.
Evan Calio: Is that 2016, 2015 or timeframe on that Wood River?
Tim Taylor: I will come back to you on that. I am not quite sure exactly
Greg Garland: Its in that range,
Tim Taylor: I dont know. Yes, lets look find out and get back to you again.
Evan Calio: Fair enough. I appreciate you guys. Thank you.
Greg Garland: You bet.
Tim Taylor: Thanks Evan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning everyone.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Paul Sankey: Checking my voice for maybe this afternoon, its been a long day so far.
Greg Garland: Its clear that way.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Just going back to some of the stuff you are talking about specifically on assets for sale, the general message I have heard from you is that you want to reduce the relative share of refining in your overall portfolio, does that mean that we should think about the whole asset base as potentially for sale. And I know you havent been long from an analyst meeting, but did things do change fast in refining, would we consider you as a potential seller of anything that the price is right or is it going to be limited to trying to rationalize in California and Ireland and the stuff that you have been more specific about? Thanks.
Greg Garland: So I think we have been pretty specific around the assets that we are interested and going to market. Whereas the core assets we have are solid assets they generate tremendous cash flow and we can take that cash flow and thats our key to our strategy of transforming the company into a Midstream logistics chemical company with a great refining business in it. And so I wouldnt say that we would continue to go through and sell the assets. We like our position. We like the legacy infrastructure. And frankly they are in the right zip code to create value. And as we look across these value creation opportunities, Sweeny creates an opportunity for the hub, for an NGL center as you think about and an export center at Freeport. And I think we have an asset that Sweeny is an enabler for us to do that. And so as we said we are looking for value creation opportunities where we can leverage existing core infrastructure that we have.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I guess what I was driving as is the general idea that you are trying to rebalance the capital employed in the company and therefore the extent to which you would do additionally opportunistically in order to sort of get towards that rebalanced level, but you have answered the question correct. On the market, could you talk a little about the demand side of the equation I think you have referenced some of the more  some of the ethane stuff, but if you could also talk about what you are seeing for gasoline and  it looks strong and if could just give us your export numbers and the very latest on how much product you are sending out that would be great? Thank you.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think on the demand side we are encouraged by what we see on gasoline, its been a tough winter in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast but I think as its warmed up youll see that but across the U.S. you kind of look at the number, you are seeing some improved demands here as the economy picks back up. And then exports continue to be an opportunity. And I think we looked at it there was opportunity from the standpoint that we will supply the markets with the best value. So we continue to see good opportunities in the export business. We were down as we said this quarter from the fourth quarter to 137,000 and that really reflected less Coastal production in the Gulf Coast for us at Alliance and it reflected the fact that we had some better opportunities in the U.S. So I think that we are going to  we are still pushing forward with our plans to get to 550,000 barrels a day of export capacity. And I think you will continue to see us over time, have an increasing proportion of our production go into the export markets and that really I think reflects we would say will be probably you have got good market crack strong operating rates in the business. So I think the industry as a whole we will continue to push exports into that market because of our cost advantages.
Paul Sankey: Yes, so when you have  it sounds like you were somewhat supply constrained and so your exports were lower but you also said there were better opportunities also within the U.S., is that typically an East Coast trade that you are undertaking from the Gulf Coast to the East Coast or is it Gulf Coast to Mid-Con or where are the outlets, where does the product go when its got a better offer somewhere else within the U.S.?
Greg Garland: Yes I still think the East Coast is still kind of a clearing market certainly into the Midwest a bit, but the strong part is continue to be the Colonial System and the water born opportunities to the east. And on a macro level, if you think about imports and where that comes thats also makes sense that we kind of push out the imported piece of that and supply out of the U.S.
Paul Sankey: Thats great. And just finally for other non-conventional is not the right word but non-gasoline non-distillate product trade, can you talk a little bit about the extent at which you are exposed to that and I am thinking propane and everything else? Thanks.
Greg Garland: So yes, so the LPG, I will put the refineries, we have an NGL business where the actual propane is an important component for Midstream and for the refining piece. Clearly we saw first quarter movement propane prices with the winter demand, thats come off. And then as we have increased the connection of propane to export markets I think that provides another outlet as the length in propane grows with NGL production. So I think that that will continue to pull someone on that one. Coke demand or coke is the other big product, co-product so to speak and that really tradeoffs of fuel value in most instances on some of that, but then we have the upgrades the anode coke and those are still premium markets for us. So I would say that we are seeing relatively stable demand there and pricing moves in much different dynamic than it does in relation to crude.
Paul Sankey: But the coke is not for export, right?
Greg Garland: Coke, we do supply global markets, as you look at our coke business particularly for our needle coke, which is a very high specialty coke that gets high strength for our recycle steel production and thats really Humber and Lake Charles, thats a global market. And then you do have coke markets that are really global around the world for both anodes and then the fuel markets kind of clear where it makes sense.
Paul Sankey: And Asphalt is not a big deal for you?
Greg Garland: Asphalt is not a large piece of our operation.
Paul Sankey: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Greg Garland: Yes, and once the core project was completed that really chewed up lot of the asphalt that we have basically.
Paul Sankey: Yes, my channel check is I have seen a lot of people mending roads around these parks. Alright guys, thanks a lot.
Greg Garland: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Greg earlier that you are talking about and during you Analyst Day 40% cash distribution for the cash flow, do you have any long-term target between the split on dividend and buyback?
Greg Garland: So, we havent really  we havent been specific on what percentage of that 40% would be dividends versus repurchases. Obviously, in the near-term, the majority has been on share repurchase. We would expect over time dividends to be a greater piece of that 40%.
Paul Cheng: But thats no internal say target
Greg Garland: Yes, no, I would say, we definitely have some internal targets, we just  we decided to share.
Paul Cheng: (indiscernible). Okay, that great.
Greg Garland: We cannot disclose it now.
Paul Cheng: Okay. For Bayway, is the yield going to be any meaningful different between your running Eagle Ford or running Bakken and how is that the economy maybe different?
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think we can run both clearly. I look at first that more capabilities to deliver the Bakken crude by rail and it actually fits the Bayway kit very well. So, we like that. Eagle Ford, it is on the grade, but clearly lighter probably has limits faster. And so I think well continue to supplement Bayway with Eagle Ford, but really Eagle Ford for us we kind of like the runs in the Gulf Coast on that crude, but increasingly we will be keep thinking about that, but I will typically run through probably more constraints on Eagle Ford before we roll on Bakken.
Paul Cheng: Just on to the LPG side, Tim, you said the LPG handling, when you run you are saying that, which is
Tim Taylor: Yes, its the light piece. Its the relative value of the yields that you get on the two. And clearly as LLS becomes advantage in the Gulf, it creates another option for us to look at in Bayway and we have done a bit of that. And so thats really driven off the economics of shipping and relative value in the refinery, but thats been a  that could be a nice crude fit from Bayway as well.
Paul Cheng: Greg, people ask about early I think on their Chemicals side whether it is MLP for you guys, of course at that you went into some constraint with your partnership with Chevron, but there is other asset value, the wholesale some other people is also coming into the MLP. Have you look at that given you have a pretty large space of EBITDA sitting there?
Greg Maxwell: Oh, in the wholesale business?
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Greg Maxwell: Yes. We have looked at that. So I think thats probably on most of the things we consider, but we have lot of assets that are MLP along we are working our way down the list there, Paul.
Paul Cheng: But I mean that you will not have any resistance saying it could belong to a MLP structure if you believe  now thats better valuation?
Greg Maxwell: Yes, we believe we can put it in there.
Greg Garland: Yes. Its just a question that provides value, right.
Paul Cheng: I see.
Greg Garland: Also if you think about there is some variation or variability in wholesale marketing earnings that we dont have in the other assets that are currently in PSXP.
Greg Maxwell: Right.
Paul Cheng: So, we have assumed that, that even if you are going to do it will be two days to tell after you done with more of the traditional logistic output?
Greg Maxwell: I think they are probably better assets that we are looking at to drive the first.
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Greg Maxwell: We get to wholesale marketing. We got a pretty big inventory of things we can work through plus the things that we are investing in that should come on.
Paul Cheng: I dont see it in the top or close to the top of the list, no.
Greg Maxwell: So, we havent included that in our estimates as EBITDA either and there is other, frankly there is other things within the refining system to that we have the opportunity to think about also?
Paul Cheng: And in the Gulf Coast, I think you are currently buying on average a feedstock 70,000 to 80,000 barrels per day and Bayway is probably about 40,000, maybe 50,000 barrels per day up to. I think that one of your peers that as a result decide that they want to expand their crude units, so that they dont need to buy the feedstock. Is that something that you guys is currently consider or that is different in your system?
Greg Garland: Well, Paul, I missed the first part of the question about what we are buying?
Paul Cheng: I think that if we are looking at that between your crude oil intake and your total throughput, it seems to suggest that in the Gulf Coast you are buying (indiscernible) or other feedstock by about 70,000, 80,000 barrels per day in the Gulf Coast. And Bayway I believe you are probably buying about 40,000, 50,000 barrels per day. So in other words thats a real  you could expand your crude unit and so that you can eliminate their feedstock purchase, one of your peers definitely is doing it. Just want to see whether those are the investment you guys currently consider or not?
Greg Garland: So, you are correct we do buy supplemental feed to fill out the units, but we have not really advanced to a point that we say we like to make additional investment in crude distillation capacity to supplement that. So, it is an opportunities to go forward, but we would like to get little more a deep review I think on what we think that value is growing long-term.
Tim Taylor: Thats something too thats tied to the condi splitter if you think about bottom end of that, I mean the bottom end is gas oil that comes off and so, you could use that also impacts the economics.
Greg Maxwell: So, Paul as you know we have been reluctant to invest in refining. I think Id point people probably challenge us to say are you under-investing in refining. But still as we look across the opportunity side of investments that we have, we like this opportunity set and we are just prioritizing in going after the high valued investments first.
Paul Cheng: Sure. And do you, clear with that, in the second quarter West Coast margin has been nominal, because a number of you peers that have downtime. In the second quarter, do you have any meaningful downtime in your refinery in the West Coast?
Greg Maxwell: We dont really provide guidance on where we are going to be down. I mean, if you just look at the turnaround expense for the second quarter guidance I think which maybe was 70.
Paul Cheng: 70.
Greg Maxwell: And so its about half of what it was in the first quarter. We typically take our big turnarounds in the first and the fourth quarters.
Paul Cheng: A final one, any rough estimate what is the total factory crude storage capacity?
Greg Maxwell: What about it, Tim?
Tim Taylor: Pipeline fills and lots of storage tanks, so I think that you are going to continue to see that, but I have not done the exact math on that, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Tim, you dont have anything on the fingertip? Alright, thank you.
Tim Taylor: That we suspect its filling, were not profitable.
Paul Cheng: Alright, thank you very much.
Tim Taylor: Thanks Paul. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Very good morning.
Greg Garland: Hey Roger.
Roger Read: I guess maybe sort of keeping on with the theme here on the light sweet side maybe not specific numbers of barrels of storage, but what do you or what are you running today versus what do you think your capacity is across your system for the light barrel. So even if you include California where maybe you cant quite get the barrels there today, how do you look at the future opportunity of price advantaged barrels?
Greg Garland: Sure. Light sweet for us is we've got on the global side light medium 65% of our input and really if I look around the system we are light where it makes sense today, you look at the burning we could do to increase that and probably the place where I like to think about it though is Bayway where can we continue to push out additional imported light at that system. In Gulf Coast it's really now mostly domestic light for us and so that's a question of which grades and do we start to work on the kit to increase that, but weve still have a lot of innate capability I think that to fuel more into Bayway and thats been our first thinking about how do we increase the access to that, continue to push those into the West Coast particularly into Ferndale as well. And then California for us is really a heavy type of market and do were increasing connectivity there but I think we have got capability to keep ramping that up but its something that we really havent seen that says we have got a constraint in what we want to run to make them right values in our refining system. So, thats really what drives us is heavy and heavy probably makes the most sense, I think you got the dynamics between light, medium and right now I think that we have had a lot of optionality on the light side and we are just going to optimize around that.
Tim Taylor: Yes, we have said somewhere that there may be 100,000 to 150,000 barrels a day of incremental domestic light sweet crude capacity that we are trying to get to, but still that hasnt been filled.
Roger Read: Okay. And then light against medium would be an additional number of barrels beyond that number?
Greg Garland: Thats right. I would just assume that we will continue to run medium based on what we see in the structure, should that change that could push on that.
Roger Read: Okay. And then I was a little late on to the call, the Midstream business had a great quarter if you addressed why that was and what the sustainability of that performance was and what the sustainability of that performance was, I apologize, but if not, could you kind of walk us through what helped that performance out this quarter?
Greg Garland: So I think that its in several different buckets, obviously strong NGL prices $1.06, volumes were up at DCP by 10% I think as you think about that all of it is driven by equity gains at DCP. They did $1.1 billion of acquisition, the DPM level which created equity gains that pull backup. So that was the big piece of that. Then our transportation business had a better quarter, essentially volumes were about equalizing but certainly rising revenues as we continued to work the fee structure.
Roger Read: Okay. But in terms of thinking of this, its a high point at least in the near-term. we should see something more like the back half of 2013 in terms of a sustainable kind of performance from Midstream?
Greg Garland: Yes, I think we expected NGL prices to come off some. They are driven by seasonal propane demand for the most part. But yes, I would think of return to something more normal.
Greg Maxwell: And Roger you wont expect the unit gains to continue, that was something that grew to $23 million, we are selling, again as Greg said they are associated with the big drop.
Roger Read: Right, okay and then I guess final question just on the rail capacity side, so you have got 1,200 cars we have obviously had the announcement of some changes in whats required in terms of railcar design, but its not necessary given what thats going to be. Can you give us an idea where you stand not just on the crude moving side but also on products if we have an issue with cars when your overall fleet would be compliant with the DOT 111A kind of design is thats what is ultimately going be the car that gets used everywhere?
Greg Garland: So the new crude cars do meet that standard. So that increment and then within our existing fleet depending on where it would go they are moved to some other services if something came there could be some need to change or modify those cars which are relatively small percentage on that on the product side. We got lot of cars that are in service in terms of bulk movements of solids as well as paint cars. So its really the crude cars we feel very good about the ones we have purchased. And then we would have some amount of our fleet relatively small amount that if there was a change that would not meet that current spec, but theyre not
Roger Read: Okay, thanks. I am sorry and then your joint venture partners what are their crude tank cars look, do you have a feel for whether those are compliant at this point or will be?
Greg Garland: Yes, its a mix and thats certainly an area that we are working with them to make  we want those in the compliant cars and certainly we will be compliant. And we want them to meet the newest spec. And so we are continuing to work with that making good progress.
Roger Read: Those are more around third party
Greg Garland: Thats a third party versus a joint venture.
Greg Maxwell: Corporate cars.
Roger Read: Okay, yeah.
Greg Garland: I thought we talked about CPK.
Roger Read: No, actually I am sorry I mean where you are using or you talked about earlier the agreements with  at Hardesty and then in Casper where it sounds like its a third party or a joint venture I wasnt sure which there is the global which I believe that is a joint venture to bring at the Bayway or?
Greg Garland: Thats a contractual relationship on unloading capacity and loading. And so thats  those were all I think collectively as industry looking to how do we get to that and thats part of what we are doing is working on our supply chain is to make sure that we are bringing those that crude cars up to that spec, thats what we want. And so we are working through that, but we are in pretty good shape on that.
Roger Read: Okay. So we dont, I guess well I just trying to get as well and now we have to be concerned that your car fleet is fine but their is not and that could have impact on crude coming into those units?
Greg Garland: And its not  at this point we havent determined thats a really large impact for us. We feel pretty good about that.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Faisal Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisal Khan: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Greg Garland: Good morning.
Faisal Khan: Just a few questions on the  in the quarter you guys discussed how in the Transportation segment you saw some of the increases in margins from sort of railcar rates. As you sort of ramp up the ownership of more railcars, can you discuss a little bit what the sort of transport pricing and what the rate and volume sort of rate sort of mechanism is to understand how those margins and revenue sort of grow over time?
Greg Garland: So, those rail rates we basically just take those to our market rate and so thats what youre seeing as we talked about within the company before we form the MLP and the Transportation is separate business unit, those were really cost centers. So this is all part of the process to get to market base rates. Frankly, the rail component of that is a relatively small amount of the transportation revenue. So well continue to run those to market rates and thats really that stream but it shouldnt be its not going to be a larger driver or big increase in the transportation income.
Faisal Khan: Okay. Does that also include the loading terminals, unloading terminals as well?
Greg Garland: Loading terminals and unloading will be done at a market based rate as well. So as the new rail terminals at Bayway and Ferndale come in those are operated agreements with the refinery where we charge a market rate for those services. And that was part of what we included in our qualifying income that we talked about at the Analyst Day.
Faisal Khan: Okay, just wanted to make sure, thanks. And just to clarify on the Sweeny Hub for the propane exports that sort of 150,000 a day in the initial stage you guys talked about building. Is 100% of that spoken for by UNIPEC or is there some, I think you guys discussed this a little bit but I dont remember?
Greg Garland: Yes.
Faisal Khan: Was that 100% that booked on support by UNIPEC or was there some open capacity?
Greg Garland: No, there is some open capacity, well likely to use some of that within PSX and then we still have the opportunity to look for additional third party but we were very pleased to get a key tenant so to speak or key contract with UNIPEC to underpin that.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got it. And then the guidance you gave the $400 million to $500 million of EBITDA that only includes the revenues from UNIPEC, it doesnt include any sort of marketing component or open some sort of spread between propane prices here in the U.S. and somewhere else, does it?
Greg Maxwell: So, that $400 million to $500 million is largely fee based. I think we indicated its probably in the range of $300 million to $350 million that would be fee based thats kind of based on the capacities of the frac and the export terminal.
Faisal Khan: Right.
Greg Maxwell: So that would leave some amount in that says that would be commodity exposure (indiscernible) opportunity that we see as a key piece of the project to add value for PSX. So its a mixture thats predominantly fee based.
Faisal Khan: Okay guys. Thats it. Thats helpful. And just on the Marketing segment you guys have been putting in the export volumes and therefore for quite some time as I make sure understand in that business when you discussed the exported volumes. So for example in the first quarter, export numbers were down versus the fourth quarter, how do we look at sort of the margin impact from that sort of volume sort of downtick  from fourth quarter to first quarter in Marketing?
Greg Garland: So I mean, looked at the numbers across  the last four quarters or so, were generally $1 to $2 a barrel better in our next best alternative domestically.
Faisal Khan: And so thats how it gets sort of captured in the marketing business through that sort of growth?
Greg Garland: Correct.
Faisal Khan: Okay, understood. Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the time.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Clayton Reasor.
Clayton Reasor: Great. Well, I really appreciate all the questions and interest in the company. We are off to a great start in 2014 and if you got any additional questions, feel free to give me or Greg a call. Thanks a lot.
Greg Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shannon, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
C. C. Reasor: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to Phillips 66 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Greg Garland, our Chairman and CEO; our CFO, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Tim Taylor. The presentation material well be using can be found on the IR section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor Statement. Its a reminder that well be making forward-looking comments during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments, and factors that could cause these results to differ are included here on the second page of the presentation as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that said, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. We ended 2013 with a solid quarter. We operated well. It allowed us to capitalize on favorable crude differentials while exporting record volumes of refined products. Our adjusted earnings for the quarter were $800 million and our cash flow from operations excluding working capital was $1.3 billion. In the fourth quarter we hit a new record, exporting nearly 200,000 barrels a day. Our total export capacity is just over 400,000 barrels per day, up from 285,000 barrels at the end of 2012. Our full year 2013 adjusted earnings were $3.6 billion, which is down from 2012s adjusted earnings of $5.3 billion. 2013 was a volatile year in our Refining business. Adjusted earnings for this segment decreased $2 billion compared to 2012. However, in line with our strategy the Midstream, the Chemicals, Marketing businesses, all recorded higher earnings year-over-year. Operating excellence continues to be a strong focus for us. We believe that we protect and enhance shareholder value by being a leader in personnel safety, process safety, environmental excellence and reliability. During 2013 Phillips 66 DCP Midstream and CPChem were again among the very best in their respective industries. We believe that our assets are uniquely positioned to benefit from the American energy revolution, and we have a strong portfolio of reinvestment opportunities across our businesses. If you look at 2014 capital budget for Phillips 66, weve announced $2.7 billion and we believe this reflects the opportunities that we have, including our share of expected cap spending by DCP, CPChem and WRB, the 2014 capital program is expected to be $4.6 billion. Of this $4.6 billion about 70% is directed towards Midstream and Chemicals opportunities. These businesses drive growth and enterprise value appreciation to infrastructure investment and capturing NGL value uplift. Our projects such as the U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemical complex and the Sweeny NGL fractionator and the LPG export facility are expected to be large contributors of EBITDA, giving us to grow and make more stable and higher-valued segments. In the next five years we expect Midstream and Chemicals to represent about two-thirds of our company's enterprise value. Final investment decisions for both the NGL frac and the LPG export facility are expected during the first quarter of this year. Well start up with the fractionator in mid-2015 and the LPG export facility will follow about a year later. Our Refining business is attractively situated to capture value from rising U.S. and Canadian crude production. We do expect that average margins over the next five years will be better than the last five years. Well continue to run well, optimize, improve returns and limit growth capital in Refining. Cash growth from Refining will be directed towards the higher-valued segments and towards meeting our obligations to the owners of our company. We understand the importance of being a good allocator of capital and we see value in returning capital to our shareholders. During 2013 we distributed over 50% of operating cash flows in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We continue our commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend and weve nearly doubled our initial dividend. Our Board has authorized $5 billion of share repurchases. In addition, in December we announced the exchange of Phillips Specialty Products shares for Phillips 66 shares currently held by Berkshire Hathaway. This represents approximately 18 million Phillips 66 shares at current prices. And you add that to the 44 million shares outstanding that weve repurchased since the spin, was effectively taking in about 10% of the company. In addition, weve strengthened the balance sheet, weve paid down $2 billion of debt and that takes our debt-to-cap to about 22%. So we like the opportunities we have before us. We believe we have a portfolio of projects, people and capabilities to play our part in developing the American energy landscape. Were excited about the plans and the challenges that lie ahead of us in 2014 and beyond and we look forward to seeing you and telling you more about this at our Analyst Meeting in April. And with that, I'm going to hand the call over to Greg Maxwell to take you through the quarter results.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Starting on Slide 4, fourth quarter adjusted earnings were $808 million or $1.34 per share. The only adjustment this quarter is related to moving Phillips Specialty Products Inc. or PSPI to discontinued operations. With excluding changes in working capital and discontinued operations, our cash from operations for the quarter was $1.3 billion. For the quarter we paid $232 million in dividends and we repurchased $644 million or 9.9 million shares of our common stock. On an adjusted basis, our 2013 return on capital employed was 14%. Slide 5 provides a comparison of our fourth quarter adjusted earnings with the third quarter looking ahead on a segment basis. Compared to the last quarter, our earnings increased were largely driven by improved results from refining. Partially offsetting this are lower earnings from marketing specialties as well as Midstream. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail later on. The Midstream segment posted lower earnings this quarter as higher earnings from NGL Operations were more than offset by lower earnings from DCP. The 2013 adjusted return on capital employed for Midstream was 15% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.2 billion. Slide 7 shows Midstreams fourth quarter earnings of $121 million, a decrease of $27 million from last quarter. Transportation made $50 million this quarter, which is pretty much in line with last quarter. However, compared to last year, this business line is up significantly as results now reflect market rates. DCP Midstreams earnings decreased by $50 million, primarily due to lower equity gains resulting from DPMs unit issuances to the public and a long way at lower volumes mainly due to adverse weather impacts. NGL Operations and Other were primarily due to inventory and higher propane margins in sales. On the next slide well move on to a discussion of our chemical segment. In Chemicals, Olefins and Polyolefins ran well with a global capacity utilization of 95% for the quarter. In addition, the SA&S business successfully completed a planned major turnaround of its benzene unit located in Pascagoula, Mississippi. The 2013 return on capital employed from our chemical segment was 26% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.8 billion. As shown on Slide 9, fourth quarter earnings from Chemicals were relatively flat compared to last quarter coming in at $261 million. In Olefins and Polyolefins, earnings were mainly due to higher volumes and increased equity earnings from its Saudi Polymers Company joint venture. Lower earnings from Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics more than offset this improvement as a result of lower production and the cost impacts associated with the planned benzene turnaround in the fourth quarter. Moving onto Refining, our realized margin was $10.75 per barrel with a market capture rate of 112%. The global crude utilization rate was 92% and our clean product yield was 84%. During the quarter 94% of the companys U.S. crude slate was advantaged and this compares with 66% last quarter. The increase was largely driven by additional domestic crudes consistently trading at a discount to Brent. Well cover this in more detail on Slide 13. The 2013 adjusted return on capital employed for Refining was 13% and the average capital employed for this segment was $14.3 billion. Slide 11 provides more detail on Refinings earnings improvements in the fourth quarter. The Refining segment had earnings of $450 million and this is up from a loss of $2 million last quarter. This increase is mainly due to the higher realized margins in spite of market cracks, dropping an average of 28% worldwide. In the Gulf Coast, margins improved largely due to product differential as exports and blending activities helped us realize better clean product prices. We also benefited from the fact that the distillate crack increased nearly 30% in the fourth quarter. The increase in the Central Corridor was largely driven by the widening of Canadian differentials as well as improvements due to butane blending into the gasoline pool. Western/Pacifics improvement is mainly due to improved clean product yields, product differentials and also secondary product values. For the Atlantic Basin, this region was down due to the impact of lower market cracks as well as Bayway having a major scheduled turnaround during the fourth quarter. Other Refining was down this quarter due to scheduled maintenance on the Keystone Pipeline. All available pipeline capacity was used to deliver crude to our refineries. However a lack of surplus capacity prevented us from capturing additional gains. Next lets look at our market capture on slide 12. Compared to the market our realized margin improved mainly from feedstock opportunities, most notably in the Central Corridor. In addition, secondary products were less of a negative impact this quarter reducing the margin by $5.54 a barrel, compared with $6.35 last quarter. As captured in the other bar we also benefited from clean product differentials. During the quarter, we realized better prices on average for clean products compared with the benchmark prices. In addition, as RIN prices moderated, the benefit of resulting lower expenses is reflected in this bar. Slide 13 shows the comparison of advantaged crude runs at our U.S. refineries by quarter for 2013 on the left and for the past three years as shown on the graph on the right. During the quarter 94% of the Companys U.S. crude slate was considered advantaged and this compares with 66% last quarter. The 28 percentage point increase reflects the inclusion of other light and medium crudes which have been trading consistently at a discount to Brent. Some examples include HLS, LLS and ANS. On an annual basis our advantaged crude slate is increased from 62% in 2012 to 74% in 2013. And this is due to processing an additional 118,000 barrels per day of tight oil, additional domestic crudes that consistently trade at a discount to Brent, as well as higher volumes of heavy Canadian crudes. The decrease in other heavy crude category from 27% in 2012 to 24% in 2013 is attributable mainly through downtime at our Lake Charles and Sweeny refineries this year. This next slide covers our marketing and specialty segment, or M&S. Worldwide marketing margins were $2.08 per gallon in the fourth quarter and while our Refining segment benefited from reduced RINs costs during the quarter, earnings and M&S decreased due to lower RINs values created by its renewable fuel blending activities. As previously announced, we planned to exchange PSPI shares for PSX shares that are currently being held by Berkshire Hathaway. At closing, the PSPI balance sheet will include approximately $450 million in cash resulting in a total PSPI value of $1.4 billion. With the announcement of this transaction, Specialties now primarily includes our lubricants business. Part of moving PSPI results to discontinued operations, their earnings accounted for approximately 30% of our specialties results. The 2013 adjusted return on capital employed from M&S was 27%, on average capital employed of $2.9 billion. Slide 15 provides some additional details about the M&S segment. Adjusted earnings for M&S in the fourth quarter were $73 million representing $153 million decrease from the third quarter. Marketing and Others earnings decreased $145 million mostly driven by lower RINs values in the U.S. as well as lower margins internationally. The business unit was also impacted by the third quarter sale of Immingham Combined Heat and Power Plant, or ICHP which had been generating about $15 million to $20 million in quarterly net income. Specialties decreased over the prior quarter was mainly related to lower base oil volumes. Moving on next to Corporate and Other. This segment includes net interest expense and includes corporate overhead cost, technology and other cost not allocated to our operating segments. Corporate and Other costs were $97 million after-tax for the fourth quarter and this compares with $113 million for the third quarter. The improvement of $16 million was mainly due to tax impacts resulting in a benefit to our corporate segment. Partially offsetting this was an increase in overhead or staff cost as well as other employee benefits. Moving next to the fourth quarter cash flow. Cash from operations excluding working capital was $1.3 billion. Working capital changes were negative impact this quarter driven mainly from reduced payables. We paid $232 million in dividends, we funded $623 million in capital expenditures and we repurchased $644 million of our shares. We ended 2013 with a cash balance of $5.4 billion, of which $425 million is tied to cash held by our MLP Phillips 66 Partners. As for our capital structure shown on the next slide, we ended the year with the equity of $22.4 billion and debt at $6.2 billion, and this resulted in a debt-to-capital of 22%. Now after the consideration of our cash balance of $5.4 billion our net debt-to-capital ratio was 3% at the end of the fourth quarter. Slide 19 shows our sources and uses of cash for the year. We started the year with $3.5 million in cash. During 2013 we generated $6 billion in cash from operations, which was sufficient to fund our capital program, to cover our shareholder distributions and to reduce our debt. Asset sales and ML proceeds provided an additional $1.6 billion of cash resulting in a year-end cash balance of $5.4 billion and again noting that $425 million of this is held by Phillips 66 Partners. This next slide shows 2013 adjusted earnings by segment. Full year adjusted earnings were $3.6 billion. Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties contributed over 60% of 2013s earnings, an overall increase from 2012. In the coming years as we grow these more stable businesses, earnings from these segments were expected to become a larger contributor to our portfolio. In Refining despite a volatile commodity environment, this segment generated $1.8 billion in adjusted earnings and $3.8 billion in cash from operations, largely driven by strong results in the Central Corridor. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results. Next I'll cover a few outlook items. In Midstream; specifically DCP, the startup of the Front Range Pipeline, the Goliad Plant and the O'Connor Plant expansion are expected in 2014. In Chemicals; for the first quarter we expect a global O&P utilization rate to be in the low to mid-90s. In Refining; we expect the first quarter global utilization rate to be in the high 80s. With regard to turnarounds, our pre-tax turnaround expense is expected to be about $400 million to $450 million for 2014 and between $120 million to $160 million in the first quarter. In Corporate and Other, we expect this segments after-tax costs to run between $420 million to $440 million for the year. The total companys effective tax rate is expected to be in the mid-30s. And lastly we look forward to telling you about our future growth plans at our 2014 Analyst Meeting being held on April 10 in New York City. With that well now open the line for questions.
Operator: At this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) our first question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group.
Doug T. Terreson: Good morning everybody and congratulations on your results.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks Doug.
Doug T. Terreson: In the Refining business, and specifically in the West Coast Pacific area, I want to see if we can get an updated strategic and fundamental viewpoint on that business, meaning even if the fundamentals remain lackluster, that is if you think if they will, there seem to be a variety of different strategic options that are available to the Company. And so thats once if we could get an updated viewpoint towards that business, please?
Greg G. Maxwell: Sure, so I think we said many times that we think that the West Coast is a challenged operating environment, its a high cost area to operate  our assets are good assets, we are on a path to Texas, I would say, as you think about net income positive single-digit return business and how do we get crude advantage to the West Coast. So I think you can ask me in April, well probably tell you more about what we are doing to get advantaged crudes in the California, its a combination of investments and third-party as we work that. And then, I think we said openly that all options to California I think are on the table, in terms of those assets whether it could be a spin or IPO, variable MLP, a joint venture. As you look at the West Coast, we think those are valuable assets ultimately because we have 110,000 barrels a day of coking capacity there. And so those assets in the future will probably work more than what people think they were today is my view. And I mean that the California market is a big market as everyone knows. We have a continuing interest there, but as we think through the assets or pass the day is to make it better and more profitable. When those assets are well, we dont see any big capital investments in front of us on the West Coast and so the hold option really cost us nothing.
Doug T. Terreson: Okay, thanks a lot Greg.
Greg G. Maxwell: You bet Doug thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: Hi, good afternoon guys. Can I ask for some more details on the flow improver business sale to Buffett, any detailed metrics on the transaction on a cash flow or EBITDA basis? I mean its one of the first potentially more M&A activity given your asset position and optimization approach. Yes, just some more color around the metrics and the rationale driving and how you thought about and analyze that transaction?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so Ill start and then Tim can follow through. Its kind of an asset that we were really actively marketing or really wanted to sell and wed have it on-again, off-again conversations with Lubrizol, which is one of the Berkshire Hathaway companies about the asset and frankly our exploration levels were high, given that it is a very specialty type business. It had returns exceeding 30% and it certainly fit well in a portfolio from that perspective. We got the talking with Berkshire Hathaway about a proposed transaction and we found a way that we could achieve high value for the asset and at the same time do it very efficiently for both ourselves and Berkshire Hathaway. It really became a must-do deal for us in terms of creating shareholder value for PSX. And so, yes, Tim if you want to go through some of the detail thats fine.
Tim G. Taylor: Yes. Evan, when you look at discontinued operations it really highlights that. So thats a $70 million, $90 million, $100 million EBITDA type of business. So very strong multiple, very tax efficient, good value, good strong business. So I think it was a great way to accomplish value on both sides of that. Yes.
Evan Calio: Okay, great. Ill look at that. And then secondly, you mentioned building more crude by rail offloading at Bayway and Ferndale. Can you give any volume guidance capacity, your capital spend for that in 2014, like how much will you be able to move the assets crude-wise?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Evan, in Bayway were roughly looking at 50,000 a day on unit trains of additional capacity with that. Obviously scheduling the flexibility can impact that. Relatively modest capital amounts tens of millions that never really come out to final number. Ferndale, theyre similar, probably more in the order of 30,000 a day. Bayway would be operational first half of this year we would expect Ferndale to be operational in the second half of the year and both of those will supplement our efforts to other third-party logistics to increase the flow of light crudes into Ferndale and Bayway.
Evan Calio: Yes. And maybe lastly, if I just could on the  I know you just have announced that the Cross-Channel Connector project, I guess Phase 1 and Phase 2 any other details around that on potential EBITDA and/or the benefit to the refining sector from that connection? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, the Cross-Channel Connector goes from our Pasadena terminal on the east side of Houston across their Ship Channel. It allows more logistics connections to other pipelines and terminal assets. So overall its got nice volume opportunity on that line. Its really a short-haul line and I think a lot of the value accrues really from a MLP perspective on that piece, but just as importantly it creates some more commercial opportunities for us, particularly with our Sweeny volumes.
Evan Calio: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning. You talked about your product export capabilities and now youve expanded that to 400,000 barrels a day. I believe thats more rapid than you had discussed previously. Could you talk about where youve been successful there in getting those volumes up and provide a split between the Gulf Coast and other regions?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. Its primarily Gulf Coast. I think weve just been more successful than what we thought in terms of scheduling efficiencies and minor debottlenecking, in terms of pushing more products through. I think in December where we were kind of 250 rate. So I think well continue to push the limits. Were looking for cheap ways that we can use to get more barrels across there. Certainly weve stated our ultimate target is about 500 a day, but almost all that increase is going to be on the Gulf Coast. Minor debottlenecks on the West Coast and then we have underutilized capacity today on the East Coast.
Jeff A. Dietert: Got you. And on your Cedar Bayou hexane project, you talked about first half of 2014 in service state, perhaps thats a little bit of shortage from previous discussions, but could you just provide an update there and what the current margin environment looks like for that asset once it comes on?
Greg C. Garland: Thats a project still on schedule, on budget, so looking for it in the latter part of first half of this year. So we feel very good about that project and margins are really in line with the guidance weve giving in the past, so that 15% to 20% return on a roughly $250 million investment. So its a nice increment of growth for the Chemicals business and a fairly high growth, high demand product.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed G. Westlake: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on the Gulf again, I mean obviously more of your assets are over on the Louisiana side and the crude production is growing and as you get into your asset, especially with some uplift in earnings which maybe is more balanced already in some of the peers. But are there any logistical issues in getting access that youre seeing from crude for Texas, Im thinking, any barge or shipping issues?
Greg C. Garland: Well, Ed, weve put in service now two MR tankers on the crude side. We move Eagle Ford primarily into Louisiana from Texas, but weve also taken frankly LLS up to East Coast last quarter as well. So we use that flexibility where it delivers the most value. Overall pipeline has started up and thats a major connection to the Gulf  to the west side of the Gulf. And thats a very positive development in terms of new crude sources. So I think more barges are in service, more options are developing and I think you are going to continue to see a wider selection of domestic crudes available to run in our Louisiana refineries and were really taking advantage of that particularly at Alliance and in Lake Charles.
Ed G. Westlake: Right. And then coming to the sort of the LPG, I guess, condensate export facility that youre building. I guess, down the road youve given some guidance on EBITDA and CapEx. Just may be a status update on any permits I think for that, but a broader question is, I mean it doesnt make sense to sort of add things like condensate splitting capacity at that port facility given the rise of the simple lights that were seeing in the system.
Greg G. Maxwell: So, its hard for us. We got the permits on the frac. Were working the permits on the export facility. It will take a little longer in terms of that. I think in terms of the guidance weve been giving on CapEx. Were still in that range and EBITDA still in that $400 million to $500 million range. We're going to take it. Well, you should expect FID this quarter and we have said that. I think the other thing is were doing engineering work on the next frac. We're doing, what I would say is preliminary engineering analysis around the condensate splitter and so you should expect us to start moving those projects forward. We just look at the infrastructure that we have in place at Sweeny and Creek and the geographic location of those assets and theyre just ideally situated for us to capitalize on that.
Ed G. Westlake: More detailing
Greg C. Garland: Yes, and we will give you more detail at the Analyst Meeting in April.
Ed G. Westlake: Okay, yes. And generally across the system, and you have a lighter refining slate than some of the others perhaps with the exception of the West Coast and the Mid-Con area. Are you doing any more investments to sort of  do you need to do more investments to actually at the plant level access light crude?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, were kind of 65-35 light, medium, heavy. We kind of like that configuration given the crudes we see coming at us. Were always looking for debottleneck opportunities, I mean the Eagle Ford is an interesting crude. We do see limits on processing Eagle Ford, but were talking about spending $5 million, $10 million increments to remove those limits to process more Eagle Ford even at light refining like Alliance, for example, but well run about 325 a day or so on the Gulf Coast of light sweet and at this time we dont envision significant capital investments to change that slate, Ed.
Ed G. Westlake: Okay. Thanks very much.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, good morning.
Paul Cheng: Greg, I think that there is some news coming out from different news matter talking about your Whitegate and Melaka Refinery up for sale and people looking at that and they have some interest. Is there any update you can provide?
Greg C. Garland: So, yes, at Whitegate were kind of in the middle of a process and probably shouldnt comment too much on that. There is interest in the facility, but you have to context that interest with this dip in Atlantic Basin refinery I would say. And then in Melaka, I think we said that its a non-strategic asset and there is a process underway around that, but its a process thats really defined by the formation agreements of the joint venture and so were working that. And I think that you should expect that this year, in 2014, well get to decision points on both Whitegate and Melaka.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thats great. And one earlier that, I mean you guys provide  talking about the secondary products, their launch is narrowing and also that their destock [indiscernible] there is two of the really big reason behind the strong refining result. Specifically on the Western Pacific and Central Corridor, those two regions, if we combine to the third quarter can you establish thats a bit down, whats the benefit from those two items in those two region sequentially?
Greg C. Garland: So I think we can kind of go through that at a macro-level. We just start with the West Coast, first of all its pricing was lower. So the hurt was less because the relative spread between the crude price and the secondary products was lower. Fuel prices were looking better and NGL prices were little higher and so thats the primary driver on that. And then when you get move to Central Corridor, its around  well I think coke was a little better and then of course higher NGL prices drove that also.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Is there any kind of number that you can share?
Greg G. Maxwell: With regard to what aspect of it, Paul?
Paul Cheng: Right. I mean that say just [indiscernible] improvement sequentially on the secondary product, $2 or anything that you can share?
Greg G. Maxwell: Well, on the secondary products, if I am following you, what we included in the appendix for the Central Corridor for example, the secondary products where a negative impact on a realized margin by $6.27 barrel.
Tim G. Taylor: And Id say that two-thirds of that Paul is oak.
Greg C. Garland: Oak.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thats right.
Paul Cheng: And do you have that number for the third quarter. Im just looking at sequentially what is the improvement or narrowing in that loss?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, third quarter was $6.35, 2013 right and I would say coke is going to represent two-thirds of that loss in those gains, close $5.54.
Paul Cheng: Or that maybe  let me ask you in the other away, if I looking at say sequential in the fourth quarter, is there any sort of one-off operating income, whether it is in an extremely high level of that distract cargo you guys have been able to acquire that you think maybe somewhat unique to the fourth quarter and may not be repeatable into say the first quarter of 2014.
Greg C. Garland: I dont think so. You know Ponca ran really well and it increased the amount of its domestically produced crudes around Oklahoma and Ponca City. I dont think there was anything unusual, pretty clean quarter actually. It was not only in Central Corridor but most regions.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Greg G. Maxwell: One of the biggest impacts you can think across is really at Bayway and the turnaround at Bayway if you think about unusual items across the system.
Paul Cheng: All right. Yeah sorry, chief Ferndale [ph] short one yes, go ahead great.
Greg C. Garland: I was just going to say when you look at the refining results the unusual items that I would think about were a negative impact that had happened in the Atlantic because of the downtime at Bayway and impact at Humber. Those would be the two things I would point to that were kind of unusual for the quarter.
Paul Cheng: Perfect. Two really quick one, one, do you have the current market value of the inventory in excess of the bulk, and secondly that because of the way defense or substantially why the defense so in the fourth quarter. I thought that at the refining we had some better results because of trading opportunity, but you still coming with a loss. Is there any thing particularly in the quarter that too a loss and not seeing a profit that what weve seen in the other peer advance that defense was really wide?
Greg C. Garland: So lets do the inventory on for
Greg G. Maxwell: On the inventory replacement cost at the end of the year, Paul, it was about $7.6 billion.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Greg G. Maxwell: And then I will kick it over to Tim, but you know as we mentioned earlier part in some of our earlier comments, part of the driver was the plant maintenance on the Keystone pipeline coming down out of on the Canada side and I dont know is there any
Tim G. Taylor: Thats primarily the difference that we saw.
Paul Cheng: I see. Okay very good. Thank you
Tim G. Taylor: Thank you
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Doug Leggate: Thanks, hi good morning or good afternoon everybody. In your presentation, obviously you talked about the change in definition I guess of how you see advantaged crudes, just wanted to get a little more detail on that a bit. Are you saying basically that youve changed the definition, which means youre no longer pursuing a more aggressive change in the slate or are you still expecting to have some substitution within that newly defined 94%. Ive got a couple of follow-ups please.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. The definition really its not definition, its just the fact that these particularly the Gulf Coast crudes and ANS have consistently traded in the fourth quarter at a significant discount to Brent. And I think thats a part of our crude slate and we have always said that we expected those crude to discount and when they did they would turn to advantage. That said, we continue to work on logistic solutions, particularly to the East and the West Coast and to the Gulf Coast and were very active in finding ways to substitute one advantage crude for another, particularly with options that we see in the Permian and Mid-Con for crudes that deliver more value to our refining operation. So its a very active area for us, both in terms of light, medium and heavy crudes and the logistics and the operating optimization as we go through.
Doug Leggate: I guess what Im trying to understand is that, was it a proactive  there wasnt a proactive change in the fleet. It was really more to what the market gave you that the [indiscernible] 94%. Is that the right way I am thinking about it?
Greg C. Garland: I think thats probably right. I think that in the past we had not included LLS or HLS or ANS to that matter in advantaged crude because it was trading at Brent or better. And what were saying is now given that products are priced off a brand and we think that will continue that if the crudes are pricing at consistently at a discount of Brent, we should consider those consider or consider those advantaged. Now, I dont think it says that were any less aggressive about substituting higher discounted crudes. But your point is correct and that the market is the primary reason why we are considering LLS or HLS or ANS advantage at this point.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Greg. Its very clear. If I could just go to a quick follow-up please, I dont hold out a lot of hope in this one, but any change that you can give us a breakdown between Bayway and Europe in terms of its split of earnings in the quarter or the loss in the quarter?
Greg G. Maxwell: Youre right. There is no chance on that one.
Doug Leggate: Okay and last one from me is really more of  kind of big picture issue. I guess correct, youre often quite hopeful about your support for crude exports in contrast to some of your refining peers. I wonder if you can just give us a quick kind of summary as to why youre taking that. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, well, thanks. I think first of all, I think I came out in May of 2012 and said, we wouldnt be opposed to lifting the ban on crude exports. We do encourage a thoughtful and broad conversation around energy policy in our country and I think you got to look at that holistically. Its not just crude exports, but its also infrastructure and actually pipelines that could be marine and I think you just cant pick one of them and pull it out separately. So we dont oppose to seeing the crude ban. I think youve got to look at RFS, youve got to look at infrastructure, whereas pipeline  can we improve the pipeline or not in this country, all the way to marine infrastructure limitations that we have in this country. So in generally we are free traders, but wed like to see a free market also.
Doug Leggate: All right and I appreciate the answer. Thanks, Greg.
Greg C. Garland: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Thank you for sliding me in here into the process. I guess, Id like to may be ask a little more about the Midstream and obviously one of the segments you really want to grow. Youve talked about at the beginning of the call some of the things starting in 2014, what else can we look for there and what are the sort of expected contributions of those projects?
Greg G. Maxwell: Well certainly as you know our own Midstream business, I would say were in engineering investment heavy phase of that. And we see the EBITDA contributions of those investments starting in 2015 and 2016 and this is a very difficult organic build activity. The DCP Midstream has had quite an active capital program over the years, last couple of years and going forward we still see $46 billion of ongoing capital opportunity in front of DCP. And so I think weve got several pipelines coming on, certainly we got Sands Hills, Southern Hills they are in process and they are ramping up and over the next I say two years maybe three years, well get those products, our pipeline is fully ramped. Of course you have the front range in Texas Express Pipeline this year that will come in. And so we started the Goliad Plant and so weve got a host of gathering and processing facilities that will be coming on in 2014 and again these will be helped to fill the pipes that are already constructed and underway. So I think we feel pretty good about the growth profile in terms of NGLs for DCP. We look at that expect something in the order of 4%, 5%, 6% a year growth in terms of that business, in terms of our expectations of that business. I think we will be able to meet that.
Greg C. Garland: And then of course you got the additional transportation assets that we would expect to come on this year. The rail unloading facility at Bayway we think happens in the first half, with Ferndale probably second half of this year. There is some additional things that we are doing in transportation. We havent been public on yet, probably we want to talk about those in April, but the transportation assets or transportation business line within the Midstream segment will probably contribute EBITDA faster than the NGL business line, NGL investments are going to take a little bit longer to payoff.
Roger Read: Sure and I guess given the exceptionally cold weather and the impact on the pricing especially of propane across the NGL space, how do you look at that as in terms of a net impact on Midstream here in the first quarter. Is there enough positive out of the price moved to offset negative you might see elsewhere in the business with higher prices, any help you can offer or so in that area?
Greg C. Garland: I think in general we would say, first quarter will be directionally positive for us. Ethane continues to  trying to follow natural gas and trade that at  like parity with natural gas. And then youre always going to have what I would say is instantaneous impact of the cold weather and limited infrastructure that is going to make things very volatile going forward.
Roger Read: Yes, we are all aware of volatility thats for sure. Last question just to sort of a housekeeping issue, the other refining segment was negative in the quarter. Was that attributable to anything in particular or just a function of how things are moving during the quarter?
Greg C. Garland: Its really a function of how things are moving in and then again that limited  somewhat limited pipeline space bringing Canadian crudes into the U.S. that at least we can trade around that asset.
Roger Read: Okay, thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks.
C. C. Reasor: So I guess that was the last question and I do appreciate everybodys participation and interest in the Company. All this material will be posted on our website. We will have transcripts available soon and we look forward to seeing a lot of you in April, in New York. Thanks to all. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only-mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. You may begin.
C. Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; CFO, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Tim Taylor. This mornings presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking comments during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page of the presentation as well as in our filings with the SEC. So with that said, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks Clayton. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. During the third quarter, the refining market environment became more challenging than what we experienced over the past two years. Market crack declined over 20% compared to the last quarter and from an earnings perspective, our refining business broke even this quarter. On a positive note, we ran better and this improved reliability allowed our chemical and midstream businesses to contribute the majority of our earnings this quarter. Also our Marketing and Specialties businesses had another solid quarter generating over $200 million in earnings. We generated $1.9 billion in operating cash flow and was $900 million if you exclude the impact of working capital. We also received over $1 billion in proceeds from asset sales. The ability to generate cash when refining market conditions are poor gives us the confidence that we continue to grow and sustain shareholder distributions. Since August of last year, weve repurchased over 34 million shares completing our initial $2 billion program. In October, we began repurchasing shares under our additional $1 billion program. Also weve almost doubled over dividend. Earlier this month, we announced our latest dividend increase raising it 25% to $0.39 per share. Weve also used our strong operating cash flows to strengthen our balance sheet. In total weve reduced debt by $2 billion since the spin from ConocoPhillips about year and a half ago. Our capital structure, our strategic positioning enables us to increase capital spending and distributions in spite of our exposure to highly volatile crack spreads and crude diffs. Our financial flexibility is an important differentiator. We have the balance sheet. We have the capacity to increase our leverage as needed throughout the market cycles. Given our exposure to refining margins, we think our debt levels are appropriate for now and we don't plan any further reduction of debt. We believe that an important use of our cash is funding the expansion of our higher valued businesses. Our platform for growth is unmatched by any other company in the refining space. We are committed to growing our Midstream and Chemicals businesses and on a more selective basis our Marketing and Specialties businesses. In Midstream, we intend to use our MLP to grow and create value. Until our MLP is large enough to fund projects of the scale and scope we envision, we expect that first well incubate the project at Phillips 66 and eventually drop them in to Phillips 66 Partners. Potential candidates for this approach would include the 100,000 barrel-per-day NGL fractionator at our Sweeny complex along with the associated infrastructure. In addition, we are developing an LPG export terminal project at Freeport, Texas. The LPG export facility is expected to enable us to take advantage of the Company's existing midstream transportation and towards infrastructure. Combining these two projects represented two discrete $1 billion investment over the next 2 to 3 years. Ultimately once we're up and running at full capacity we expect these projects to generate on the order of $400 million to $500 million of EBITDA annually. Startup of the frac is expected in 2015 with the export facility following closely to 2016. Weve seen increasing number of opportunities to participate in the NGL market and we will use our midstream business to supply petrochemical, heating and transportation markets globally. The combination of refining free cash flow and our MLP provides us with a unique position and options to accelerate our growth in the midstream space. Our joint venture DCP Midstream also has growth projects in place. Over the last couple of years it is expected to spend $2 billion to $4 billion in capital and we would expect the DCP Midstream will use its MLP as a funding vehicle for most of these projects. Our Chemicals business is focused on growing in the feedstock advantaged U.S. Gulf Coast. This region is second only to the Middle East for low-cost feedstock availability. Earlier this month CPChem announced FID for its world-scale Gulf Coast ethane cracker and two new polyethylene facilities. CPChem now has the necessary approvals to begin construction. In addition to the petrochemicals projects CPChem is also completing one hexane unit which is expected to be operational in the first half of 2014 as well at the Sweeny ethylene expansion in 2014. All in CPChem at a 100% basis is expected to spend between $6 million and $8 billion on self-funded capital between now and 2017. They expect to add about $1.5 billion of EBITDA in 2017 once all these growth projects are online. In Marketing and Specialties, we will grow selectively. Over the next five years we plan to add about 200 retail sites in Europe and expect these high efficiency assets to generate returns in excess of 25%. With regard to refining for us it is about enhancing returns through operating excellence and optimization across our system. The largest lever to improve return on capital employed is getting advantaged feedstocks at the front of our facilities. We continue to look for opportunities at present our largest one is to get advantaged crudes to our East Coast and West Coast refineries. In addition, as U.S. demand for refined products declined we believe that increasing export capabilities is going to be important to keep our refineries running at high utilization rates. We have seven coastal refineries in the U.S., we currently have 340,000 barrels a day of export capability, and we plan on growing this to 500,000 barrels a day over the next several years. Our exports increased again this past quarter. Given the third quarter, we exported 190,000 barrels a day, thats the fourth consecutive quarterly increase in exports for us. As we start thinking about 2014, we would expect that our 2014 capital spending to be in the range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. If you include our non-consolidation portion of capital from DCP, CPChem, and WRB, we expect that the total capital program to be in the order of $4 billion to $5 billion. Half of thats going to be in Midstream, a quarter of that will be in Chemical and the balance will be primarily in Refining, Marketing and Specialties. We will give you more comprehensive review of our capital program in December following our Board approval. I cant think of a more exciting time to be in this business. Refining as well it is, its always going to be a very volatile business. Whats changed is the American energy landscape, the technology driven access to tight oils and natural gas to NGLs. And as an integrated downstream energy manufacturing logistics company, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to participate in the American energy revolution thats going on today. So with that as opening comments, I am going to turn over to Greg to go through the quarter results. Greg?
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning everyone. Before getting started I want to take a moment to point out a couple of items in todays presentation. First, the presentation today will focus on a sequential quarter basis, rather than a year-over-year basis. Given the differences in the refining markets between 2012 and 2013, a comparison of this quarters results with those of the previous quarter provides more insight into the drivers of our earnings variances. However we continue to supply year-over-year comparisons and these can be found in the Appendix on our website. Second, as disclosed in May, we entered into an agreement to sell the Immingham Combined Heat and Power Plant or ICHP. During the third quarter, we completed that sale, however I should note that we have signed a confidentiality agreement with the buyer of ICHP and as such we are not allowed to provide any additional information on this transaction and we will not be able to address any questions that have not already been addressed or disclosed in our previous SEC filings. So starting now with Slide 4, third quarter earnings were $535 million or $0.87 per share. There were no adjustments to our reported earnings for the third quarter. Excluding changes in working capital, cash from operations for the quarter was $873 million. We paid a $189 million in dividends, we repurchased $674 million or 11.6 million shares of our common stock during the quarter and we also repaid the remaining $500 million outstanding under our term loan. On an adjusted basis, our annualized year-to-date return on capital employed was 14%. Slide 5 provides a comparison of our third quarter adjusted earnings with the second quarter on a segment basis. As you can see compared to last quarter, earnings decreased primarily due to lower refining margins or refining earnings partially offsetting this increase are increases in earnings from our chemicals and midstream businesses. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail later on. Moving on to our third quarter cash flow. Cash from operations excluding working capital was nearly $900 million and this was sufficient to fund our dividends as well as our capital program. In addition, we generated cash from working capital as well as asset sales and then we also had the proceed from the IPO of our MLP. The positive changes in working capital were largely due to the impacts of higher prices driving an increase in accounts payable along with changes in inventories. For the fourth quarter, we currently expect a $500 million to $600 million use of working capital and this will primarily be tied to a reduction in taxes payable. We continue to buyback shares under our share repurchase program while continuing our efforts to strengthen our balance sheet. During the quarter we repurchased nearly $700 million in shares and we repaid the remaining $500 million outstanding under our three year term loan. We ended the quarter with $5.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and this includes the consolidation of about $420 million of cash held by PSXP. Looking forward, we expect capital spending in the fourth quarter to be heavier than the previous quarters of 2013 as we progressed towards completion of a $1.9 billion capital target. In addition as previously mentioned we expect an overall use of working capital in the fourth quarter and we also expect to continue our share repurchase program along with our dividend payments. Together we expect these items reduce our year end cash balance compared to this quarter. As far capital structure depicted on the next slide. At the end of the third quarter we had equity of $22 billion. On the debt slide as previously mentioned we paid down the remaining $500 million outstanding under our term loan. However during the quarter we also entered into approximately $200 million in capital leases resulting in an overall ending debt balances of $6.2 billion. Our debt to capital ratio was 22% which is at the lower end of our targeted range. Next well cover each of our segments in more detail, starting with Midstream on Slide 8. The Midstream segment includes three business lines. It includes transportation, it includes our equity investment in DCP Midstream and it also includes NGL Operations and Other. This segment posted strong earnings this quarter with earnings up more than 60% compared to last quarter. The annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for Midstream was 15% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.2 billion. Slide 9 shows Midstreams earnings of $148 million, representing an increase of $58 million from the prior quarter. Transportation was up $4 million, mainly driven by higher volumes, which includes increases from refinery utilization as well as new rates. Earnings from DCO Midstream increased by $57 million this quarter and this was primarily due to the impacts of hedges associated with asset dropdowns to DCP Midstream Partners, equity gains resulting from DPMs unit issuances to the public and also higher margins and volumes. So no significant earnings variances for NGL Operations and Other compared with the second quarter. On the next slide well move on to a discussion on our Chemical segment. Sequentially our Chemical segment results improved 45% and this was primarily due to less downtime in the United States. Global capacity utilization for olefins and polyolefins was 87% for the quarter and was over 90% in the U.S. The annualized year-to-date return on capital employed from our Chemical segment was 26% and this was based on an average capital employed of $3.7 billion. As shown on Slide 11, third quarter earnings for chemicals increased by $81 million compared to last quarter. CPChem continues to focus on operating excellence and they reduced their downtime in olefins and polyolefins compared with last quarter. This was a large contributor to the increase in their earnings as CPChem was able to capitalize on the strong petrochemicals margin environment. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings were flat compared with the prior quarter as higher volumes and lower cost were offset by lower benzene and specialty chemicals margins. The decrease of $6 million in Corporate and Other is primarily due to higher effective tax rate in the current quarter, largely as a result of the mix in foreign and domestic taxable income. As we move next to refining, our realized margin was $6.14 per barrel with a global crude utilization rate of 95% and a clean product yield of 84%. Our advantage crude sale in the U.S. was 66% this quarter and thats down from 68% last quarter. This decrease is mainly tied to Bakken and albeit in the economically advantaged during the third quarter and the scheduled turnaround at our Ponca City Refinery. The annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed for the refining segment was 13% with an average capital employed for the segment of $14.1 billion. Slide 13 provides more detail on earnings in our refining segment. Our refining segment reported a loss of $2 million this quarter. This is down $483 million from the prior quarter primarily due to lower margins particularly in the Central Corridor, Western Pacific and other refining. While the Central Corridor and Western Pacific regions where down due to decreased market cracks and other refining results were lower this quarter largely driven by lower earnings from utilizing the excess capacity on pipelines that import Canadian crude. Compared with the second quarter, the Canadian to mid [indiscernible] narrowed $4 to $6 per barrel resulting in a significantly lower gains in the third quarter. In addition, third quarter was further reduced by foreign exchange related impacts. Let's now take a look at our market capture shown on slide 14. Our worldwide realized margin this quarter was $6.14 per barrel with a market capture of 46%. This compares to $9.88 a barrel and 56% capture in the second quarter. Capture was down this quarter compared to the last primarily due to secondary product prices remaining relatively flat while feedstock prices rose. Also the previously mentioned lower earnings related to utilizing excess pipeline capacity further impacted our overall capture. As discussed on previous calls we continue to incur rents cost in our refining segment, these costs are reflected in the other bar along with inventory and product differential impacts. Moving on to slide 15, slide 15 shows the comparison of advantage crude runs at our refineries as well as clean product yields for 2011, 2012 and year-to-date 2013. In the U.S. our advantage crude slate was increased from 62% in 2012 to 67% in 2013. The decrease in other heavy crude from 27% to 24% is attributed mainly to the downtime at our Lake Charles and Sweeney refineries this year. As shown on the graph on the right, we continue to focus on improving our clean product yields, achieving an overall 84% yield across our refining system this year. The decline in distillate yields in 2013 compared with 2012 is primarily the result of the mix of refineries that were down this year compared to last. This includes scheduled turnarounds, which are typically on a five-year cycle. This next slide covers our Marketing and Specialties segment or M&S. Worldwide marketing margins were $4.4 per gallon in the third quarter and while our Refining segment experienced higher RINs cost in the quarter, M&S benefited from higher RINs values created by its renewable fuel winning activities. The annualized year-to-date adjusted return for M&S was 36% and this was based on an average capital employed of $2.8 billion. Slide 17 provide some additional detail about our M&S segment. Earnings for M&S in the third quarter of 2013 were $240 million. This is a $69 million decrease from adjusted earnings in the second quarter. Marketing and others earnings decreased $60 million, mostly driven by lower product margins. Partially offsetting this were higher margins on renewable fuel blending. Specialties decrease over the prior quarter was mainly related to our exit of the composite graphite and E-Gas Licensing businesses. This was partially offset by higher volumes. Moving on to Corporate and Other, this segment includes net interest expense, corporate overhead costs, technology and other costs not allocated to our operating segments. Corporate and Other costs were $113 million after-tax for the third quarter compared with $126 million for the previous quarter. The improvement of $30 million was mainly driven by lower environmental expenses, which were included in the Other category. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results for the quarter. Next, Ill cover a few outlook items. For Chemicals, for the fourth quarter we expect the global O&P utilization rate to be in the low to mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the fourth quarter global utilization rates to be in the low 90s. And looking at turnarounds, our pre-tax turnaround expense is expected to be between $150 million to $170 million in the fourth quarter. And then in Corporate and Other, we continue to expect our cost to be in the $105 million to $110 million range on an after tax basis. And then finally we expect the Companys total effective tax rate to be in the mid-30s. With that, we will now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Doug Terreson of ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Doug T. Terreson: Good morning everybody.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Doug T. Terreson: I have a couple of questions on refining; first, the Company has significantly increased the use of advantage crudes during the past couple of years with significant benefits. Well it maybe hard to know, I want to see whether Greg, can talk a little bit about how much running room that the Company might have in this area in coming years. And then second, the unfavorable delta for secondary products seemed to increase in each of the major regions especially on the Gulf Coast and Central Corridor and I think Greg attributed this to rising feedstock cost. And so I just want to see if there is any additional color on that decline and also would note anything specific to those regions that cause them to be effective more than the others?
Greg C. Garland: So Ill take a stab and then Tim, and Greg can kind of help answer the questions. So you think about the running room, we eventually get to 100% of advantage crude across the refineries. Thats some combination of getting more crude east and west because thats where we still have the opportunities when you think about Bayway, and you think about the West Coast refineries. Rail is the key piece of that. We are adding capabilities, were taking more cars by the end of this year, we think will have all the 2,000 cars in place that weve purchased. We are thinking about buying some more railcars. We certainly have a large project underway at Bayway to be able to unload at Bayway 75 a day. And so, we are trying to get Bayway position where we can get it on a pretty steady guide of Bakken and then we have the Jones Act vessels run Eagle Ford around to Bayway. So, we are working that. The thing I would say is weve said this for a while, as we do think that crudes like LLS become an advantage crude for us on the Gulf Coast. And so by the day we would want to add in the 500,000 barrels a day of Brent based crudes they were running ultimately it becomes an advantage crude and I do think between what our sales and others are doing on the West Coast, we are going to pressure ANS prices and so ANS whether it be in a Brent based type crude it becomes an advantage crude. So that partly is what the actions were taking, what the actions others are taking that put pressure on some of these crudes. And so I think we do get the 100% of advantaged crudes over the next couple of years.
Doug T. Terreson: Secondary product?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, secondary product, so crude prices went up 8% to 12%. So WTI was up 12%, Brent is up 8% this quarter over the last quarter and our prices stayed flat for a while with the secondary products and so thats when we saw with the compression.
Timothy G. Taylor: Primarily coke and NGL prices, Doug, did not keep up pace with the crude price.
Doug T. Terreson: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hey, good morning guys.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Evan.
Evan Calio: Congrats on the FID, reaching FID. Youre getting approval by the Board in reaching FID in your ethane cracker in the Gulf Coast. Is there any discussion at this stage of what the CapEx, what the cost might be and how do you see the funding mechanism, and then also you talked about potentially sequencing a second cracker, I mean how does that fall into the timeline going forward?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yes, Evan, this is Tim Taylor. So in terms of the capital cost of the cracker and derivates complex in the Gulf Coast, weve said that were approximately $6 billion on that. So in terms of a second cracker project in the Gulf Coast, at CPChem they continue to look around the globe where to build a cost competitive advantage feedstock cracker. Thats key business for them and frankly the U.S. continues to look good. It maybe a little bit different in terms of feedstock slate to provide some flexibility, but as you look around the world, the North America  the energy market with NGLs continues to be a place where you could say that a second wave of cracker expansions of those supply continue to develop that makes sense. So I think that thats certainly there. The timeline for that, if you havent started that, its six years to seven years from the time that you begin conceptual thinking to actually getting in the ground. So you are pushing out probably toward the end of this decade, the very early part of next decade before youd expect to see probably at this point another significant amount of cracker expansions in the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Evan Calio: Got it. My second question, on chemicals, you guys had a great quarter in chemicals. Could you give us a color how the Saudi cracker is performing versus your expectation drift and while U.S. ethylene chain margins have sustained over $0.40 a pound due to lower ethane prices, what kind of chain margins are you seeing or realizing at the Saudi cracker and how would they compare globally?
Greg C. Garland: So when you look at the Middle East versus North America on an ethane basis, its generally in the same ballpark slightly advantaged from that standpoint to the Middle East crackers typically. So Id say margins are good. The real challenge in the Middle East continues to be from the Saudi crackers specifically. We continue to experience some unplanned downtime related to shaking out and getting some technical issues resolved on that. So if margins are strong, demand is good globally for those products and so really it comes down to the operating rate and thats been coming up, but were still not where we want to be.
Evan Calio: Okay. Good. And then lastly if I could, just any update on potential refining divestitures and you continue also just remind me of what kind of working capital release youd realize if they were sold?
Greg C. Garland: So we continue to always abide with our portfolio and weve guided there. We said publicly that were looking at selling possibly our Whitegate refinery in Ireland and our interest in the Melaka refinery in Malaysia, and so those efforts continue. Were in the process of evaluating specifically the opportunities around Whitegate. So I think those have been the pieces of portfolio for us that long-term are really where the strategic interest is.
Evan Calio: Any update on what the working capital release of Whitegate?
Greg G. Maxwell: Working capital release would be significant. So thats a piece of what we look at in terms of the valuation.
Evan Calio: Okay, I appreciate you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake: Yes. Good morning. I just have a small follow-up. First on the supplementary products, I mean just on the yields of that sort of 15% thats not clean products, I mean just a rough run-through of what the main products are. And then, on NGL price we can obviously track that, but coke pricing, is that sort of market based or is there a contract and do things re-price over time given that the spike in crude just to help us model the outlook.
Greg G. Maxwell: So its primarily LPG that comes out on the other products that comes out on the refining processes, but coke is clearly the byproduct so to speak of the coking operations. LPG prices are linked, as you know you can get a public marker on those, going back to NGL and the supply demand on the LPG market. Coke, we have a couple of segments there. We have a specialty coke business, which is a high-valued business and thats going on a very different basis than we also make other anode coke as well as fuel-grade coke, and clearly some of the fuel-grade coke is related to coal prices. So I think you get some idea of what happened in the coal market as natural gas continue to penetrate North America in that. So, coke prices tend not to move directly with the crude in the short-term. Its just a variety of contract structures with that.
Edward G. Westlake: Great. And then some extra color, maybe Ive just noticed it from the first time on your BX4 facility and the incremental EBITDA for chemicals, which is very helpful, thanks very much. But a broader question on logistics, I mean obviously you got PSXP, youve got your share of the Sand, Southern Hills. Youve got $430 million of EBITDA coming when this Gulf Coast project comes on stream. Another big chunk I guess was going to be from sort of shifting the logistics in refining and marketing sort of more market based tariffs. Can you talk through how that is progressing and maybe any other logistics growth drivers that Im sorry I havent mentioned in my question?
Greg C. Garland: Weve got just a tremendous set of opportunities in that Midstream space, the large one as you mentioned were the frac opportunity and the LPG which were continuing to develop on the engineering stage, and committing substantial engineering dollars and long lead equipment items on that as we progress that toward FID which we would hope to be early next year. So beyond that there is just a number of pipeline connections and smaller things that were looking at smaller projects that build on our base around both NGL and the refining part of our network. So smaller projects that can be executed a little more quickly, but the big driver in the midstream is that frac and export terminal. And so we just continue to see a whole opportunity to develop that logistics infrastructure around the NGL export gas base kind of opportunity, and being around for advantage crude into the front end of our refineries that Greg talked about as well as some opportunities on the refined product side. And so I think I look at that and I just see substantial opportunity. As far as market based tariffs go, were continuing to progress that and were making those adjustments and you can see that show up this quarter in terms of the improvement that weve made. So I think we are pretty much through in our existing system with that as we progress that from a cost base system into a market base. So I think going forward the real growth in the midstream comes from our own internal expansion at Phillips 66 and then of course our interest in the DCP Midstream venture that we have with Spectra.
Edward G. Westlake: So just to be clear that the step up I guess in midstream 2Q to 3Q, a lot of that means that repricing is now done and thats a good base from which to add only capital driven growth projects?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we still continue to work through all those but largely thats getting in place and so the real step up in terms of the potential comes from new pipeline connections, new opportunities and then these major capital projects we talked about.
Greg G. Maxwell: Great, and then maybe assets that are currently inside the refining expense whether it's rail unloading facilities or docks or items that are not in transportation today, that we may carve out of refining and put into the transportation in midstream segment.
Edward G. Westlake: Okay, great thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Well, thanks, good morning everybody. The capital guidance for maintenance, your guidance here I guess my question was really about what seems some of your peers get involved with to take advantage of some of the weak parts of the burrow on NGL, and then we are building out inflection point and so on. You guys have been fairly verse to putting new capital into refining. I'm just curious if there was any change of thinking there given how weak or so on a forward basis. And I have a follow-up to this?
Timothy G. Taylor: Okay. Thanks good morning. We're going to continue to ensuring capital and going in refining. I tell the guys that bring me all of the 40% return of projects youve got and well fund those. Well fund the advantage crude, we are going to fund the infrastructure around exports and refining, but frankly we just have better opportunities in our higher value businesses around Midstream and Chemicals and we take refining free cash and sell it to those higher value businesses. I think you will see us be very consistent around that.
Doug Leggate: Okay. And my follow-up really relates to the West Coast, I guess you went through a period were West Coast got a little bit better there for a while, but periodically with regards to sales and others, talk about the challenges of operating in the market. So when you think about the broader portfolio migrating as you move forward, how is the West Coast standing up against the rest of the assets right now and I will leave you there? Thanks.
Greg G. Maxwell: We look at the West Coast and we see average assets in our portfolio. The net income positive or cash positive, single-digit return type for the most part you look over to [indiscernible] selling those guys, single point in time forecast are really dangerous in this business. So you want to be careful with that. But as we look at those assets that I would say that we're going to consider all options to increase value of those assets. And clearly for us getting an advantage crude in the front of those refineries is a big piece of the value equation. Now I think the jury is still out on what happens with the Monterey in California. And if something happened there that would change our view and I think we would be open to joint venturing those assets, IPO-ing those assets, think about alternative structures for those assets. But first were going to put advantaged crude to the front of those and improve the performance of that. Id say that we dont feel pressure that we have to do something quickly on those assets. We can take our time and evaluate those assets.
Doug Leggate: If I can move to on a follow-on just on that issue, yesterday you had rather talked about how a potential environmental study could be there, we move to take advantaged crude to the West Coast. Im just curious if you could frame for us how you see any timeline from a wells [ph] perspective just how quickly you could effectively achieve that?
Greg C. Garland: Well, were certainly working on our own projects and were working with others. I would say that they are progressing. I think we have a high-level of confidence that were going to be able to address those issues and get those projects completed and underway.
Greg G. Maxwell: I would also say we are looking at multiple ways of getting crude into California, whether its unit train unloading or barge into both with AO and LA have water balloon capabilities. So we tried to attack it from a couple of different directions.
Doug Leggate: All right, thanks guys. Ill let someone else jump. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff A. Dietert: You mentioned this morning that youve taken 1,270 of your 2,000 railcars and youre expecting the remainder by the end of the year. Could you talk about the most optimal use of those railcars in the current environment? Is it mainly for going to Bayway or how are you planning on utilizing those cars?
Greg C. Garland: I think primarily we still see the railcars clearing northern production to the East and the West Coast. So our current thinking is that those railcars will be primarily in service to both Ferndale and into Bayway and as we developed the California options, I think some opportunities there as well. But really its more around using the railcars to access either Canadian and/or Bakken crude to move those into the coastal systems, primarily the East and the West.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thank you. And secondly, with LLS large Maya discounts as steep as they are in the Gulf Coast, are they being  you are trying to do to lock-in some of those benefits either in the Gulf Coast or perhaps shipping via barge to Bayway. How are you looking to take advantage of these discounts?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, I think that when we look to the broader system we continue to increase our use of Eagle Ford and crudes in our system, and so the marine opportunities exist for us to bring those crudes into Louisiana as well as around the Bayway as Greg referenced earlier. So I think its just increased the opportunity really around the marine movements to use those crudes in the Gulf Coast now up to East Coast finally.
Greg C. Garland: Philosophically as far as locking in margins or we typically dont do that given the optionality of our system. We think that people own us for that exposure. Its hard to know whether LLS widens or narrows from where it is today given all the factors that are on the market. So we typically dont hedge crude diffs or market cracks.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng: A number of quick questions. For 2014 the credit say $2.5 billion to $3 billion. Given the project that is currently on your paper, is that a reasonable range for the next three or four years?
Greg C. Garland: Yes.
Paul Cheng: Or that is going to come down from there?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think its probably a reasonable range for the infrastructure that we see in front of us that we want to do. Essentially youre going to incubate projects at the PSX level that ultimately probably get destined for PSXP until we can grow the scale in MLP to the point that they can either co-invest or can execute projects on its own, but, yes I would say. So I mean the frac and export facility, we think its $2 billion to $3 billion over the next two-three years. You can get another $1 billion a year of capital spend on kind of what were doing now at $2 billion level. I mean thats how we got to the guidance and were still working on that and we still need go to an approval process with our Board that at least were kind of exposing our thinking here, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thats good. Greg, will you be wanting that you tell us that  share with us what is the RIN benefit in your marketing in the quarter?
Greg C. Garland: Same answer as last time, Paul, but thank you for asking.
Paul Cheng: All right. Try another one. Can you tell us that what is in the third quarter, volume of oil from well to your refinery in the East, the West and the Gulf?
Greg C. Garland: Im sorry. The volume of oil
Paul Cheng: That was gained a rail to the East Coast, the West Coast or the Gulf Coast?
Greg C. Garland: Do we know  I know our rail capacity in third quarter is probably lower because of the Bakken
Greg G. Maxwell: We ship less. We made less rail shipments to Bakken to Bayway in response to the closing there. Thats opening back up and so were ramping back up. Today, rail movements for us in total are probably a little less than 100,000 barrels. So clearly we are ramping up our capacity. So its kind of roughly in that ballpark of what we got.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yes, I think at one point we were railing around the 100,000 a day in the Bayway and we cut that to 30,000 barrels a day, I think in August through September. So obviously, 70,000 barrels a day of rail capacity. We took off and just put those cars on the siting and started importing West African or North Sea crudes.
Paul Cheng: [indiscernible] should we assume that the fourth quarter average is going to be at least 50,000 barrel per day to 75,000 barrel per day higher in terms of the rail going, given how the substance or just the discount rates now.
Greg C. Garland: When we look at the differentials thats going to drive
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, were returning to much more like we were in the second quarter.
Greg C. Garland: Expect those wells will start turning.
Greg G. Maxwell: Right.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So is there any rough idea that how much is the increase we maybe talking? Were talking about incrementally from the third quarter say 50,000 barrel per day or incrementally 100,000 barrel per day, any kind of rough number you can share?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. Youve got both more cars and youve got wider diffs. But I think were always a little reluctant to talk about how much more were buying from any specific fields. We dont think it necessarily helps us our commercial guys that are out there buying the crude. I think were comfortable in saying its going to be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, but I dont think we want to quantify how much of an increase that will be. I dont see what you feel.
Paula Johnson: Its Paula. Its not a huge debt change, but its getting back more in line like I said in the second quarter.
Paul Cheng: Can you remind me what was the second quarter warning?
Paula Johnson: I think when you look at those charts you get some idea of the light tight oil and its going back and were trying to grow that, but thats what were talking about there. We dont utilize that logistics capacity more fully to do that than we did. So thats kind of where Id like to refer you to is kind of take a look at that.
Paul Cheng: Tim, when you buy the Bakken or the WCS you buy one month out right. So you essentially that by now we pretty much that know 2.5 month of the discount that youre going to receive in the fourth quarter. Is that how you guys do it?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we buy out. So our commercial group looks at the market fundamentals and makes that call and so I think we are clearly on the opportunity listed here in the fourth quarter pretty early. So were able to  I think they were ahead of that plan from our perspective on that.
Paul Cheng: A final one, just hell of curiosity, I mean in October looked like with the lower re-price and also that their wholesale margin seems to be improving. Should we assume that from a re-finding margin capture rate standpoint third quarter, you hit the low point and fourth quarter should be substantially better than that.
Greg G. Maxwell: Were reluctant to give guidance on capture rates, I think given where the prices are today, you would come to that conclusion but its hard for us to make a call on what fourth quarter capture.
Paul Cheng: Diffs in October so far youve seen, is it much better than the third quarter?
Greg G. Maxwell: So diffs are definitely better but I would say the market cracks are down month to date. So its a tough one to sort your way through on that one Paul. So we are not giving guidance, I would just say you look at the month of October, whats out there in terms of the market cracks theyre down versus third quarter, but diffs are much better.
Paul Cheng: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey: Hi, good morning everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Greg G. Maxwell: Good morning.
Paul B. Sankey: This seems plenty of pieces about your long-term strategy and individual components I guess I should say with the FID in the ethylene cracker and talking about rationalizing and refining. Can you give us an overarching target for 2017 in terms of whether you have a number or an idea of the balance of the business in terms of capital employed or how we should expect you to be managing this variety of strategic initiatives that youve talked about? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so in our presentations that weve been giving to investors that you seem clearly with the pie charts if you remember we want to see refining under 50% of our income, capital employed is a little difficult to measure because of the JVs and the way you count for joint ventures. But clearly when we think about income, we want to see a 30% to 40% refining, and well see Marketing and Specialties, Midstream, Chemicals and the other 60% to 70% of our earnings call. And what we are trying to do is rather than the five year plan, how we get there in three years.
Paul B. Sankey: Right, okay, thats good, I just weve had various questions that youre kind of addressing us. I just wanted to remain everyone of the overarching strategy. Also I wanted to ask a high level question before I ask a really nerdy one, which is on working capital is there a shift with the U.S. unconventional revolution that we should think about. The items that you gave, you have a big working capital number in this past quarter $1 billion shift, but it seems that the reasons for that were fairly mundane, I think you mentioned inventory and other fairly usual items. I wanted if there is a biggest theme here in terms of the greater use of rail maybe the greater use of pipes and so on that might be a the theme if you like in terms of how working capital is going to shift of that obviously by potential disposals and that theme in terms of working capital? Thanks.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, Paul. This is Greg Maxwell. As part of our fundamental shift, I dont see a big trend out there as far as the way our business is running. We did as we mentioned in our notes and as you saw in the chart, we did have about $1 billion source in working capital in the third quarter. So I mentioned in my notes, we think that that will turn a bit in the fourth quarter, $500 million to $600 million primarily as related to some tax payments, but if you look at the components of what drove that $1 billion, it was pretty much across all the elements of working capital. For example, we had to draw in inventories in the third quarter, but more than offsetting that was an increase in our accounts payable and a lot of that was result of the  as we saw the crude prices going up that increased our payables slightly in the third quarter. So overall, I dont see a real fundamental shift with regard to the levels of our working capital as we change our business processes.
Paul B. Sankey: Yes, I got it. I mean, I guess thats interesting. I think one theme is the idea that trains require less working capital than pipes?
Timothy G. Taylor: That is true.
Paul B. Sankey: So youd be more incentive to develop more train transport than pipe transport as a general rule?
Greg C. Garland: So a fairly small percentage, if you look at that compared to what we have in the pipes. So you are right as far as directionally which way it go, but I dont think its a huge needle mover.
Paul B. Sankey: Okay, thats interesting.
Greg G. Maxwell: I will just say, you think about the 2,000 railcars, we can move 120 a day, we have a global deal, we can move 75 a day. So with the existing assets and infrastructure we have, we can maybe move 200 a day, 250 a day and then you think about all, we are moving 3 million barrels a day in our whole system.
Paul B. Sankey: Right.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, and then of course its the whole MLP theme as well to think to about I guess in terms of.
Paul B. Sankey: Yes, anyway, thanks a lot.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes.
Greg C. Garland: Okay, Paul.
Timothy G. Taylor: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bradley Olsen of Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Bradley Olsen: Hey good morning guys.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Greg G. Maxwell: Hi, Brad.
Bradley Olsen: You guys have done a great job articulating a consistent strategy whereby you become larger in Midstream and Chemicals with refining staying flat or even potentially shrinking. So now just based on your comments earlier, it sounds as though, this could be more of a three to four year target referring to the pie chart that you put in your corporate presentations rather than a five plus year target. Do the volatile capture rates that we have been seeing recently and some of the softness in gasoline and maybe the various view on refining as an industry that youve expressed pretty consistently over the last couple of years, lead you to start thinking about different assets as potentially being non-core, maybe even assets that are North American refining assets and maybe even some assets that are in the mid continent or the Gulf Coast region?
Greg C. Garland: Well, what I would say is we do like the refining business. As you think about it we got here this quarter, but we got there because we didn't make any money in refining. So thats not the way we want to get there. But when we look at our assets around the Midcontinent and Gulf Coast, we think those are pretty good assets, and long-term those assets will probably be in our portfolio, because if we think about West Coast and East Coast and U.S, it is not necessarily true, Atlantic Basin is a very challenging place if you well know. We think Bayway is a great asset and a challenged market. You think around the rest of portfolio, our Humber assets is a great asset that needs especially great need of coke, we did good returns out of that, draw a circle around our European operations, excess of 30% the return on capital employed. So that is a good solid business for us. If you look at that, 30,000 feet the market that we are in North America and Europe aren't going to be growing market, in fact they're probably declining markets. And so the opportunity to employ capital and make a good return on that is just more difficult. Id rather move into the higher valued businesses in midstream in chemical and we have been pretty consistent about that. But we are always going to look at our portfolio and optimize the portfolio.
Bradley Olsen: Okay, great. And maybe just a quick follow-up on that, the East and West Coast comments that you made, given the fact and I appreciate that you intended it in the kind of tongue-in-cheek way, but when we are in the margin environment we're in today, you made the point that our earnings contribution is not so meaningful, and so I guess my question is on the East and the West Coast where you have assets that are maybe non-core long-term, is it easier to let those assets go in a market that you think will be challenged or does it make you more inclined to hold onto those assets before another, however long it takes until we're back in a margin environment where you can maybe get a higher price for those assets.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think in any time we look at an asset and were going to let an asset go, if we go to get value for PSX shareholders. It has to be tax efficient in terms of the transaction itself. And we look at these assets East and West Coast, well put in advantaged crudes, so that we think we can make them better and drive more value ultimately and optionality that thing, we look at these assets both east and west, we dont have to put a lot of money into these assets. The option value to hold on is not high for us and again they are generating positive cash or generating maybe single-digit returns, but they are adding value to the portfolio overall. So we dont feel like there it is stressed assets, we just have to move today. So well hold them for some option value. Well consider multiple ways to create values with these assets, but in the mean time were going to work to make them better.
Timothy G. Taylor: I think the focus, Brad, of getting this to portfolio where less than half of our income is coming from refining really is, the focus is how do we grow midstream and chemicals rather than how do we shrink refining. I think thats the  and refining capacity maybe lower in the future than it is right now, but theres a lot going on in to growing our midstream business more quickly and while competing in the refining sector as well.
Greg C. Garland: And maybe just one more thing, I mean we see opportunity to improve the base refining. Weve been out there saying we think there is 200 basis points of improvement mostly [ph] by getting advantage crude, managing our costs, pushing our yield and so we still have room to improve our base refining business.
Bradley Olsen: Okay, great. And if I could, that served as a pretty good segue into my second question, which is more on the midstream side. Youve spoken quite a bit about the organic project swipe that youre looking at and the significant CapEx outlays over the next few years on the midstream side. And the projects at least to date between large projects like the export facility and smaller projects like the Galena Park pipeline that you recently announced, they tend to leverage off of the existing downstream footprint. Do you think or when do you think well see PSX midstream start looking more at projects that step outside of the downstream footprint and would you be willing to look at developing or even potentially acquiring significant midstream assets that are outside that footprint?
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think the answer is yes. I think ultimately you have to look at that. One of the things were really blessed with is we have a portfolio of great projects that touch the existing assets and infrastructure and those are going to be the best returns. Well move on those first. You look around the midstream space today. Things look a little expensive to us as you look at valuations, but we would never say we will never do something in that space, but clearly we look at that opportunity set as a existing portfolio, there is lots to do.
Bradley Olsen: Okay, great. And just one quick follow-up on the midstream side, there was recently a transaction where a large SEACOR basically almost recapitalized an existing midstream company with an asset contribution and so maybe found a way around some of the high valuations of some of the assets that are out there in the market. Have you thought about different structures either using PSX or PSXP to maybe consolidate with one of the existing players or even consolidate the remaining 50% of DCP to kind of jump-start some of the midstream growth asset youve guided to over the next few years?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think we look at all those options, but clearly we have a  the MLP we form today at PSX is small and the organic growth opportunities were large here. So I think its a very synergistic relationship, but yes, you can use that vehicle to increase your presence over time. So I think as Greg said, were always looking at that opportunity, but weve got that forward-looking opportunity there and then we got a huge portfolio from an organic or drop-down perspective as well.
Bradley Olsen: Okay, great. Thats all from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Reed of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Good morning. Thanks. I guess to follow-up a little bit on the last question line on the clean products, I mean some of your competitors are investing somewhat more aggressively and the ability to get to the distillate side of the barrel and your split is close to 50/50. But I was wondering within your parameters, the specific ROCE required and obviously a desire not to spend too much money here, is there anything we should expect in terms of further clean product yield increases or more of a maybe favorable switch to distillate versus gasoline given where the obvious margin differences are here today?
Greg C. Garland: So we look at our portfolio. Were kind of industry-leading distillate yield today. As we look at the investments that will be required to really move the needle a lot on that its a lot of money. And so I dont think we want to make that kind of investment. We do think and now do have in our plans small changes in operations, optimization and maybe some very small capital projects. We think we can push yields another 1% or so within our existing portfolio without spending a lot of capital and I think thats our plan at this point.
Roger Read: Okay. And then, could you refresh us the contract you got on the two Jones Act tankers to move crude from the Gulf Coast up to Bayway? Between that and the rail, what is kind of the daily ability to deliver some sort of disadvantaged  price advantage crude  discounted crude into Bayway at this point or if you havent actually done it, whats kind of the theoretical daily capacity at this point.
Greg C. Garland: All right, its one of the optimization refinery. We pushed up over 100,000 from time to time and its a 250,000 barrel a day approximately refinery. So I think its really about the logistics and well keep pushing north of that as we look at the opportunity that really is around the value of the crude slates and we optimize that, but the crudes that weve got from the Bakken and Eagle Ford are actually a pretty good fit in Bayway. So weve got a pretty healthy appetite hence youve seen the investment that we got underway at Bayway rail unloading and we certainly have the capability from a marine standpoint to bring a lot of barrels into that facility that way.
Roger Read: So can you get to the full 250,000 barrel a day or you can always be a little bit dependent on some sort of an imported barrel there?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I mean I think well just optimize and if the sources develop then I think you can push that. Its just a question of whats the right grade, but I think Bayway very likely will have some component of imports for the foreseeable future.
Roger Read: Okay. Well thats it from me. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I want to ask you a question on Wood River. I believe well your partner is talking about kind of may be potentially increasing the amount of crudes to pass heavy crude capacity into that joint venture. Can you just give us an update where you guys stand with that project or if its potential project in the future?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, its a potential project and its really looking at ways to utilize fully that system. So, I think were always interested in those higher returns, debottlenecks that did make sense there and so I think were continuing to work definitely in the engineering side to try and find a way to increase the use of those heavy crudes and the advantage that we seek with that.
Faisel Khan: So would that be kind of a big ticket project, I mean always its a kind of modest sort of amount of capital development?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, its not anything at all like the revamp that we went through Wood River runs heavy crudes. This is much more incremental optimization kind of stage show. This is looking at the bottlenecks and thinking about where we can find capacity and ways to handle lights perhaps in the heavy crude.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then I was wondering if you can also kind of give us an idea of how do you think maybe sort of butane blending is affecting for the seasonality of gasoline margins. So obviously as we go into the winter season you increase butane blending, is there I was seeing kind of increased sort of seasonality in the margin because of kind of lower butane prices versus oil prices or is it kind of relatively the same versus last year?
Greg C. Garland: Well, certainly the winter seasons here, so butane blending and the lights going in swells of gasoline pool with that and it is economically attractive to do that now. So yeah, I think youre back into normal pattern where you will see butane blending being economically driven at this point.
Faisel Khan: So nothing different from last year in anyway?
Greg C. Garland: No.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got it. And then last question from me, on DCP Midstream, I mean given that you guys now have sort of your own MLP, you have your own assets, does it make sense at some point in time to maybe float DCP that you  you inspect for the float DCP as a separate entity. I mean it looks like overtime, you guys might compete with each other within the industry and I am just trying to figure out whether thats compatible with DCPs long-term goals and sort of your long-term goals in the Midstream sector?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so I mean, we looked at DCP, the premier gas gathering NGL producer in the industry. I mean theyre the largest gas gatherer. They are the largest producer of natural gas liquids. We look this as a [indiscernible] going on 14 years, its been a great relationship, weve got a great partner respect there, theyre talented people, we like them and we see lots of runway left at DCP. And so we want to continue to have a exposure in DCP into the future. There is lots of ways that we can create value at DCP and I will just say that those conversations are ongoing between the partners all the time as were looking at multiple options and how do we create more value for both SE and PSX.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And the only thing I am asking is, because you recently had this general partnership of planes go public at a very high evaluation. So obviously DCP is sort of fits that, one of those entities that overtime could be a pure play GP. So I am just trying to understand how you are thinking about, is in the market dynamics and how it effects your  the process here?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think, I mean we are aware of that transaction and so I would say, we are considering multiple avenues for value creation at DCP.
Faisel Khan: Okay, great. Thanks guys, I appreciate the time.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Greg G. Maxwell: Christine, we need to  weve kind of gone over the hour here. I know that there are people still on the line waiting to ask questions. We are just  I am certainly available, Rose is available after the call, if youd like to call in, but I think we need to stop the call right now. I appreciate everybodys interest and good questions and look forward to seeing and talking to you all very soon. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2013 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be the operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only-mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, SVP of Investor Relations, Strategies and Corporate Affairs. You may begin.
C. Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; CFO, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Tim Taylor. The presentation material we'll be using this morning can be found on our Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on slide 2 and on our filings with the SEC. Also the registration statement relating to the securities of Phillips 66 Partners LP was recently declared effective by the SEC, because we remain in a sensitive period regarding disclosures around this offering, our remarks about the MLP will be limited and we will not take questions on the offering during todays call. That said, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We faced some challenges in the second quarter, both operationally and with overall market conditions, crude differentials narrowed and although overall crack spreads improved second quarter versus the first quarter, our realized margins were significantly lower. We had unplanned downtime at some of our chemicals and refining facilities which reduced utilization rate and because of the extended downtime in chemicals, we really missed an opportunity to demonstrate the earnings resilience of our portfolio. We should have run better and our earnings results reflect this. Despite these challenges, we continue to generate strong cash flows; cash from operations was $1 billion for the quarter, just over $3 billion year-to-date. During the quarter, we returned more than $700 million of capital to our shareholders and continued on our stated plan to strengthen our balance sheet, paying down $500 million of debt. In addition, we plan to complete the current $2 billion share repurchase program this year and our Board has authorized an additional $1 billion share repurchase program that we plan to initiate before the end of 2013. Our strategy to enhance refining returns through increasing use of advantaged crudes while growing our higher value businesses remains unchanged. On July 15, we launched our Master Limited Partnership, Phillips 66 Partners. This MLP will own, operate, develop and acquire primarily fee-based transportation and midstream assets. The MLP will be a tool to grow the midstream business of Phillips 66 and weave a web of infrastructure between our operating businesses. We continue to deliver on our plans. By the end of the second quarter, weve taken delivery of 650 railcars of the 2,000 that weve ordered. These cars will be used to transport advantaged crude to Phillips 66 refineries on the East and West Coast. Our chemicals joint venture CPChem completed the NGL fractionator expansion project during the second quarter at the Sweeny facility. The project increased capacity by nearly 20%. Also during the quarter, we commissioned a high-capacity truck facility at Ponca City Refinery, which gives us additional access to Mississippian Lime crude. We continue to increase our refined product exports. In the second quarter, we set a new quarterly record of 181,000 barrels a day. Finally, as part of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts, Phillips 66 sold its proprietary E-Gas Technology. And earlier this month, we also closed on the sale of the Immingham Combined Heat and Power Plant in the United Kingdom. So with that, Ill turn it over to Greg Maxwell, who will take you through the quarterly numbers.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, reported earnings were $958 million or $1.53 per share. If we look at on adjusted basis, earnings were $935 million or $1.50 per share. Excluding changes in working capital, cash from operations for the quarter was $1.2 billion. Our cash flow generation enabled us to fund our capital expenditures, pay over $190 million in dividends and repurchase nearly $550 million or 8.6 million shares of our common stock during the quarter. From the inception of the share repurchase program in 2012 through the end of the second quarter, weve repurchased 22.6 million shares. On an adjusted basis, our annualized year-to-date return on capital employed was 17%. Slide 5 provides a comparison of our second quarter adjusted earnings with that of the second quarter a year ago on a segment basis. As you can see, adjusted earnings decreased by $482 million to $935 million with lower realized refining margins accounting for the bulk of this variance. Ill cover each of these segments in more detail later in the webcast. Moving next to our second quarter cash flow, during the quarter we generated $1.2 billion in cash from operations, excluding the impacts of working capital changes and as you can see on the slide, changes in working capital were a negative impact of $206 million. We returned $738 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases and this represented 76% of our cash from operations and during the quarter we repaid an additional $500 million of our three-year term loan. And finally, we funded about $370 million of our capital expenditures in investments and this is primarily in the Refining and Midstream segments and we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $4.2 billion. As for our capital structure on Slide 7, at quarter end we had equity of $21.7 billion and debt of $6.5 billion. This resulted in a debt-to-capital ratio of 23%, which is shown in the shaded area, is at the lower end of our targeted range of 20% to 30%. Taking into account our $4.2 billion ending cash balance, our net debt-to-capital ratio was 9%. As a reminder, we plan on further reducing our debt balance to $6 billion by the end of the year. Next, well cover each of our segments in more details, starting with Midstream on Slide 8. The Midstream segment includes three business lines. It includes Transportation, it includes our equity investment in DCP Midstream, and it also includes NGL Operations and Other. Overall, the Midstream segment was down this quarter versus last year with benefits from Transportation more than offset by declines from DCP Midstream and our NGL Operations. The annualized year-to-date adjusted ROCE for Midstream was 11% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.1 billion. Slide 9 shows Midstreams adjusted earnings of $90 million, which is a decrease of $5 million from the prior year. Transportation was up $26 million and this is mainly due to improved throughput fees driven by implementation of new market-based rates across many of our logistics assets as well as higher volumes, which include increases from refinery utilization. Adjusted earnings from DCP Midstream decreased by $12 million this quarter, this was primarily due to impacts of asset dropdowns to DCP Midstream partners, offset somewhat by improved natural gas prices as well as lower operating costs compared to last year. Earnings for NGL operations and other were down $19 million and this is related mostly to gains associated with inventory draws during the second quarter of 2012. On the next slide, well move on to a discussion of our Chemicals segment. Our Chemicals segment results were largely impacted by planned and unplanned downtime primarily at the Sweeny and Port Arthur facilities, resulting in a global olefins and polyolefins capacity utilization of 78%. While earnings for the Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics segment were flat for the quarter, we did see an increase in earnings from CPChems joint ventures in this segment. The annualized year-to-date return on capital employed from our Chemicals segment was 25% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.6 billion. As shown on slide 11 second quarter earnings decreased by $61 million compared to the same period last year. The decrease in earnings was primarily in olefins and polyolefins driven by unplanned power outages at CPChems Sweeny Complex as well as an extended 91 day turnaround at its Port Arthur facility. In May of this year, CPChem was required to declare force majeure on ethylene and certain derivatives, following these outages. The outages at the Sweeny facility during both the first quarter and the second quarter of 2013 resulted in loss production of approximately 540 million pounds. These outages as well as the downtime at Port Arthur resulted in higher manufacturing costs and decreased production sales volumes for ethylene, polyethylene, and normal alpha olefins in the second quarter of 2013. While industry ethylene margins remained strong, CPChem realized lower margins because of these unplanned events. Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics earnings were flat compared with last year as higher equity affiliate earnings were offset by lower volumes and higher cost. The improvement of $27 million shown in corporate and other is primarily due to a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter, largely as a result of the mix in foreign and domestic taxable income. As we move next to refining, our realized margin was $9.88 per barrel with a global crude utilization rate of 94% and a clean product yield of 85%. Our utilization rate this quarter was reduced 5 percentage points as a result of unplanned downtime at several refineries including the Sweeny and Wood River refineries. This unplanned downtime equates to the absence of our 116,000 barrels per day of crude throughput in a quarter where our weighted average realized refining margins was almost $10 per barrel. In addition, downtime an in our chemical segment yielded a similar negative economic impact. We increased our advantage crude slate in the U.S. from 58% in the second quarter of last year to 68% in 2013, and this is mainly due to processing more shale, more WTI, and more heavy Canadian crudes. The annualized year-to-date adjusted return on capital employed in the refining segment was 19% with an average capital employed for the segment of $14.3 billion. Slide 13, provides more detail on earnings in our refining segment. Adjusted earnings for refining were $481 million this quarter. This is down $404 million from a year ago primarily due to lower margins particularly in the Central Corridor and the Gulf Coast regions. Starting on the left, the decrease of $77 million in the Atlantic Basin/Europe region primarily reflects decreased margins as well as the negative impact from the scheduled turnaround at our Humber Refinery in the second quarter of 2013. Results from our Gulf Coast operations decreased nearly $250 million compared to last years second quarter. And this is mainly due to lower gasoline and distillate differentials as the second quarter 2013 had larger discounts on distillate products as well as lower premiums for gasoline. Market capture in the Gulf Coast was 39% this quarter compared to 74% for the second quarter of 2012. The Central Corridor results largely reflect weakening Canadian crude deferentials as well as lower market cracks. The WTI/WCS differential was $16.71 during the second quarter of 2013 compared with $19.80 in 2012. This contributed to a market capture of 71% in the second quarter of 2013 compared with 94% last year. Western Pacifics improvement of $67 million over last year is largely due to fewer turnarounds and less downtime in the second quarter of 2013. And then finally our other refining was up this quarter compared to last year, primarily as a result of favorable foreign exchange impacts. Our refining segment continued to incur increased cost per RINs in the second quarter to the extent that these costs were not included in the cracks in the selling price of motor fuels then such costs negatively impact our realized refining margins. Lets now take a look at our market capture shown on slide 14. When we compare the weighted average market 3-2-1 margin against the actual margin that we captured, you can see that we were negatively impacted by the value of secondary products and our overall configuration. Market capture for the quarter was 56%. This is down from 72% in the second quarter of 2012. Our realized margin for the second quarter of 2013 was $9.88 per barrel and this compares with $12.85 per barrel last year. This $2.69 per barrel configuration adjustment reflects the fact that our clean product yield of 85% is less than 100% assumed in the market crack. And the $5.41 per barrel reduction related to secondary products is primarily driven by coke and NGLs and reflects the fact that these products attracted a sales price that on average was lower than the cost of our benchmark crudes. The positive $2 per barrel adjustment for feedstock stems from running certain crudes and other feedstocks that are priced lower than our benchmark crudes. For example, our feedstock advantage this quarter was primarily related to running Canadian heavy crude. And finally, the other category reflects the impact of various product differentials and higher RIN costs. Slide 15 shows the comparison of advantaged crude runs at our refineries as well as clean product yields for 2011, 2012 and year-to-date 2013. In the U.S. advantaged crudes increased from 62% in 2012 to 68% in 2013. The decrease another heavy crude from 27% last year to 23% year-to-date this year was largely due to turnaround activity and power outages at our Sweeny refinery this year. As shown on the graph on the right, we continue to focus on improving our clean product yields, achieving an overall 84% yield across our refining system this year. This next slide covers our marketing and specialty segment or M&S. Worldwide marketing margins were $0.052 per gallon in the second quarter and while our refining segment experienced higher RIN cost in the second quarter, M&S benefitted from higher RIN values created by its renewable fuel blending activities. In Specialties, compared to last year, our flow improved and sales volume increased by 17% and our lubricant volumes were up by 7%. And the annualized year-to-date adjusted return for the M&S segment was 29% on average capital employed of $3.6 billion. Slide 17 provides some additional detail about the marketing specialties segment. Actual reported earnings for M&S in the second quarter of 2013 were $332 million. If we exclude the gain from the sale of the E-Gas Technology and related licenses, adjusted earnings were $309 million and this is the $25 million increase from the same quarter last year. Marketing and others adjusted earnings increased $22 million, largely driven by higher volumes on renewable fuel blending and decreased costs, partially offset by lower inventory impacts. Specialties adjusted earnings improved slightly over last years second quarter as improved volumes more than offset lower margins. Moving next to Corporate and Other, this segment includes net interest expense, corporate overhead costs, technology and other costs that are not directly associated with our operating segments. Corporate and Other adjusted cost for the second quarter of 2013 were $126 million after-tax compared with $95 million for the first quarter this year. This increase of $31 million was largely due to taxes and higher environmental expenses, both of which are included in the Other category. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results for the quarter. Ill next cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, for the third quarter, we expect a global O&P utilization rate to return to the low 90s. For Refining, for the third quarter, we expect our global utilization rate to be in the mid-90 range. With regard to turnarounds, our pre-tax turnaround expense is expected to be approximately $60 million to $70 million in the third quarter and in Corporate and Other we continue to expect our after-tax cost to be in the $105 million to $110 million range and the total effective tax rate for the Company is expected to be in the low 30s. And then, finally, regarding capital expenditures for the year, we are on track to be in the $1.9 billion range as we previously have guided. With that, now well open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Hi, guys. Maybe Ill take my full quota of two if I may. Greg, can I ask you about RINs? It seems that you get a fairly big impact both on Refining and then the Marketing segment this quarter. What Im trying to understand is that RINs have obviously spiked higher. I guess it pulled back a little bit here, but in terms of the moving parts as when you acquired your RINs sort of signing perhaps at lower prices versus selling RINs in retail at higher prices, how should we think about the net impact of RINs be at this kind of level as we move into lets say 2014 because obviously its a big deal for Valero. Trying to understand what the scale could be for you guys. And Ive got a follow-up please.
Greg C. Garland: Ill take a stab and then Tim can kind of fill in. And so, you got to let me get on the sub-box for a minute and with the standard that this is an unworkable program in our view in terms of RINs and where RINs is going, but with some hope that ultimately this is going to get fixed on a political level in Washington. So I would say theres a broader understanding about the potential impact of what RINs causes for American consumers and for refiners. We look at RINs, we do trade RINs and we have a very sophisticated commercial organization that does that to optimize the value for P66. So we dont necessarily want to go into what our positions are on RINs because we really think it disadvantages our commercial people in terms of that. We continue to believe we have a very sophisticated system and complex system. We have multiple levers that we use whether its export, producing non-RIN bearing product, blending more as we look to manage that overall value increment for PSX. So, sophisticated commercial capabilities of large system, and this is just one of the costs that we manage everyday.
Timothy G. Taylor: Just to reiterate that, I think it is something that we look at in terms of optimization of our systems, we have to certainly factor that in, and I think that wait and see what the future holds in terms of those values, but there is a lot of moving parts to address RFS, at the larger level, and I think that just will continue till the resolution reaches, but to reiterate what Greg said, we look at this and just say, it doesnt work post 2014 and that needs to be addressed.
Doug Leggate: Tim, are you prepared to say whether youre net longer now across the organization.
Timothy G. Taylor: No, we havent and again, actually the commercial activities theyd managed the RINs program and do a great job of that, and it has it, we dont view that as a large determinant of our results.
Doug Leggate: Great. My follow-up is really more of a logistics question, I guess in terms of moving crude around obviously weve seen a lot of changes since the last call on the differentials. I am just curious as youd step up your shale, share of your feedstocks, how important is yield improvement relative to the differential in terms of how sticky your commitment would be to maintaining that very high level of shale production and maybe any color on how its changing your transportation thoughts in moving advantaged crude to the different plants. Ill leave it that. Thanks.
Timothy G. Taylor: I think clearly the second quarter saw substantial narrowing on the light crude and several factors drove that so my comment is we have a very large multi-point logistics system, refining system, and we take in account those current markets signals and were adjusting our crude slate. The value of the shale crude in terms of its yield, its absolute price relative to other alternatives where you think about, so going forward, we still believe that those fundamentals are there on the supply piece as they continue to increase, so we like what weve done on logistics piece of our system, we are going to continue to increase our options on that. However, we are mindful of the current market and we adjust our crude slates accordingly and we are making some of those adjustments now to really maximize the value of our system, we take into account all the factors, yield price, et cetera, but fundamentally, we still see that inland crudes from Canada and North America will be advantaged and we are going to continue to find ways to increase our ability to run those.
Doug Leggate: I will leave it there. Thanks.
C. Clayton Reasor: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Hi this is Manav Gupta for Evan today. Given your unique and leading position as a North American interior gatherer, a global chemical operator and now the new MLP, do you see additional growth projects or NGL exports out of the Gulf Coast, and in propane and butane and in the heavier NGL barrels, there is a clear arbitrage that global prices are much higher, so exporting NGLs will ultimately support your POP prices and the infrastructure might even be MLP-able so anything on those lines?
Greg C. Garland: Well I think we have a stated position. We want to grow our midstream business. I think when you look at the breadth of our portfolio, spanning refining, petrochemicals, NGLs et cetera, we sat in a unique position, and Ill talk about weaving this web of infrastructure, so we see both sides of this and I think we sat in a unique spot to make these investments and so we have talked about it, and 100,000 barrel a day crack at our Sweeney facility all the associated infrastructure where there is pipelines, storage, and export facility at Freeport. So it is a multi-billion dollar investment as we think about this, we are advancing the engineering on this project. But we see a clear opportunity and one that we think that Phillips 66 can execute on.
Manav Gupta: And just a follow-up on the crude by rail, I mean you took deliveries of 650 cars in this quarter and stuff, so the [inaudible] between the Bakken and what's coming on the East Coast through the African crudes has close a little. So is your system flexible, so you can move crude not only to the East Coast, but divert those cars to the West Coast and not any other place you would want or its more rigid there you have long-term contracts?
Timothy G. Taylor: Specifically on the flexibility for rail that's why we like rail. It is a flexible system. So we have a lot of optionality in that and we have reduced our take on the Bakken to the East Coast as we have adjusted our crude slates and replacing that with more competitive barrels from imports.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much guys. Thanks again.
C. Clayton Reasor: I'd appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake: Yeah, congratulations on PSXP. Just wanted to, just follow-up on the prior question, when do you think you could actually sanction this multibillion project, and what sort of I guess returns or EBITDA time multiples do you think such a project would, what is the correct way for us to think about it.
Timothy G. Taylor: So, I think in terms of timing Ed that I think that the fractionator is advancing and we think about that as startup in 2015, so we're trying to bring that into a decision point from an FID in the early part of next year. It takes a little longer on the export terminal and so were working that piece and I look at the returns on these projects as, what Id call, typical midstream returns to be competitive in MLP space. So to be accretive to MLPs and you look at transactions in the marketplace 10 to 12 multiples and EBITDA are kinds of things that kind of have to be met from a cost of capital standpoint. So clearly large investment opportunity, but we think these are very competitive from the midstream standpoint.
Greg C. Garland: Ed Ill add Tim answered that question because whatever data he gave you wasnt going to be soon enough.
Edward G. Westlake: Right. So you said a bit longer on the export facility of Freeport in terms of startup beyond 2015, is that?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, beyond startup. I think that takes longer with permitting an additional work that has to be done down there.
Edward G. Westlake: Right, okay. And then, just you mentioned in the opening remarks that product premiums were below and above benchmarks over time and obviously that affects the capture rates. I mean, is there any sort of dollar million number you could put around that in refining as we think about that just to help on the modeling side, maybe versus Q1 or year-over-year?
Timothy G. Taylor: Im not sure  I can come back to you on that one Ed. I think you are talking about tens of millions of dollars sequentially between the  on the Gulf Coast between the first and the second quarter, but we can circle back around.
Edward G. Westlake: Okay. And then final question on your Louisiana refineries, obviously youve seen competitive results, which also suffered from RINs, but the refinery is EBIT positive because probably they are situated over in Texas and obviously you had some downtime as well, but maybe talk a little bit about how you can improve the profitability of the sort of Louisiana refineries, say, as more crude production comes out of Texas.
Timothy G. Taylor: Ed, it really is around getting the crude slate more competitive and so we have in Louisiana quite a bit of wide exposure LLS based crudes. So the Eagle Ford connection that weve started moving more barrels there and the charters that we took on the marine vessels are key piece of that. So we are increasing our utilization of really much of the Texas based crudes into that system and I think thats really the shorter term opportunity. Our view would be Ho-Ho will help alleviate the situation in Louisiana as well when it comes out at the end of the year. But despite that I think there is additional logistics capacity needed to really bring additional pressure on the LLS. But our view continues to be that as these light oils make it to the Gulf Coast and they come into Texas that thats going to continue to pressure. So we are spending a lot time thinking about how do we get additional amounts of those crudes into the Louisiana system. So that really is the focal point for Louisiana.
Edward G. Westlake: Thanks very much.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bradley Olsen from Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Bradley Olsen: Hey, good morning everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, good morning.
Bradley Olsen: I wanted to follow-up on Eds question about Louisiana refining operations given the kind of persistent stubborn strength weve seen in LLS over the last several months, are you finding that youre still processing I guess more than you would like of LLS crude and I guess put in other way between your tanking operations as well as the opportunity to potentially take crude by rail down there in St. James, do you have the opportunity to potentially displace all of the LLS imports which at least according to EIA data are now at a relatively low level.
Greg C. Garland: You meant light oil importantly, essentially in our system we have essentially pushed that out. Frankly, I think that my comment would be as, well make the economic, optimum decision, if we need to bring in waterborne cargos to optimize that, then we will. But yeah, I look at this and there is no reason as you look at the balances to believe that the next six to 12 months that you shouldnt be able to really push a lot of the on the Gulf Coast in general, those light imports out of system and we think ultimately thats what brings the pressure on the local production of the LLS type of crudes.
Bradley Olsen: And I guess, in another way Im asking that, the LLS benchmark, you dont believe is going to see significant pressure from just rail volumes and the barge and tanker volumes alone, do you think that over the next kind of 12 months, we are going to need to actually see that pipeline come online from Texas to Louisiana to really bring an end to that LLS premium that we have seen recently?
Timothy G. Taylor: Thats the short-term largest volume impact that we see on the supply side of that and clearly there is a lot of incentive for Bakken provinces to go to the Gulf Coast today, so that has an impact as well. I will say that I think that general shortage of light oil in the second quarter probably cropped up that LLS because there was actually pull on that to the midwest as well.
Bradley Olsen: Right, okay, great. And you mentioned in your press release that RIN or rather product sales differentials reduced sequential quarter-over-quarter results in refining by about $200 million. I realize that you dont want to give specifics around RIN exposure, but is it fair to say that those product sales differentials are largely composed of RIN-related costs?
Timothy G. Taylor: No, I dont think so. Greg, I dont know if you know what the specific numbers are. But what were talking about there is the premium that we had been receiving for gasoline on the Gulf Coast shrunk in the second quarter versus the first, and the discount that we were receiving for our distillate sales on the Gulf Coast actually widened. And I dont think that that was related or tied to RIN values increasing. I think that just was market forces on the Gulf Coast and the value of  I guess the value of the products that were selling, declining relative to the U.S. Gulf Coast markers. So, I really wouldnt tie it to RIN values.
Greg C. Garland: Right.
Bradley Olsen: And generally speaking, when talking about RINs, they flow through Refining reporting through the other line alongside the differentials. Is that the right way to think about it?
Greg C. Garland: Yes.
Bradley Olsen: Okay. Great. And just  you know, just I dont want to belabor this point, but on the Gulf Coast segment, you did mention LLS specifically, but didnt mention Maya or heavier grade crudes as much. Was the mix in the Gulf Coast really just an LLS driven phenomenon? Or did you feel some of the impact of tight heavy light spreads in the second quarter? And going forward in the latter half of this year, do you feel as though maybe some of the pressure that you felt in the Gulf Coast around LLS will ease as weve seen heavy spreads widen out in the last month or two?
Greg C. Garland: I would say the answer to that, yes. I mean, clearly the pull down in the light-heavy differential, [were] running about 40% heavy on the Gulf Coast. So thats a piece of it and Maya was a large part of that. I think the other thing too is around  we make about 40% distillate and so we saw distillate crack go down and, well, the gasoline crack went up. So, I think there is a component of that in the miss also. But clearly we underperformed in the Gulf Coast.
Bradley Olsen: Great. Thats all for me. Thanks a lot, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Jeff A. Dietert: I was curious on the RINs activity is, just for clarification, is the 100% of the RINs requirement for purchases going on in the Refining segment and 100% of the blending in RINs generating activity going on in the Marketing and Specialty segment or is it a little bit more of a mix?
Greg G. Maxwell: Jeff, this is Greg Maxwell. I think you have it right. Basically, all of the RINs that are generated through our blending activities show up as a benefit in Marketing and Specialties, and then, the cost of those RINs or the value, if you will, are transferred over to Refining. So the Refining segment reflects the full impact of the RIN costs during the quarter.
Jeff A. Dietert: Okay. And have you seen the high price of RINs impact the supply of gasoline more broadly in the U.S? Have you seen evidence of RINs discouraging fuel imports or encouraging fuel exports? Have RIN prices gotten high enough to discourage gasoline production. Are you seeing that evidenced in your portfolio or in the industry more broadly?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, I think on the industry perspective, I think utilization is still pushed to run given the spreads that weve seen. So I dont think that thats really affected the industry, the run. So still a lot of incentive. It has affected the mix. Imports clearly become more dear as you get a (inaudible) value on that, and youre kind of seeing some shifting around a little bit in terms of, say, where European producers would sell where they maybe have gone to Northeast in the past, they may go to West Africa or some other markets. And then youre seeing some of the production filling in that gap on the import side, but it also still creates an opportunity on the export side, the Gulf Coast as well. So, the value of a RIN does impact the optimization about which markets and where you choose to sell, and I think youre seeing that across the system, but with the market cracks where they are, its still encouraging high run rates.
Jeff A. Dietert: Got it. Final from me, I was wondering if you could provide the opportunity loss in the EBITDA for the Sweeny and Port Arthur outages for refining and for chemicals?
Greg C. Garland: (inaudible).
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, weve got that here. Hold on a second. Youre looking for the loss opportunity or what the cost is?
Jeff A. Dietert: Correct.
Greg G. Maxwell: For those being down, got that Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, Im getting that for you.
Greg G. Maxwell: Maybe Ill address the chemicals piece. On the, most of the change in the operating income for the quarter-on-quarter was the majority of that change was due to the loss opportunity that we have in the power outages at Sweeny. Secondarily, the impact of the Port Arthur extended turnaround was the other piece of that. So the margin environment was still quite strong, certainly was about the volume impact.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, Jeff, if you look at the profit opportunities as we calculated in the second quarter, its about $175 million.
Jeff A. Dietert: That $175 million is total for both Sweeny and Port Arthur including chemicals and refining all aggregated?
Greg G. Maxwell: That is correct, and its our obviously our equity impact from CPChem and it also includes a small portion of Midstream, but it wasnt really material.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thanks for your comments.
Greg G. Maxwell: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey: Hi, good morning everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning Paul.
Paul B. Sankey: I got a couple of kind of deep in the weeds question about activities to changes that youve put on kind of reading that slide 22, but I rather than go straight into this greater high level question for you, the CO. Was there a patent issues would be under performance that youve identified in the quarters, is there concern here regarding your relatively low CapEx levels, and what you said was a tough quarter for you guys.
Greg G. Maxwell: No, I mean we just look at the fundamentals, Paul and we think that the advantage crude pieces remains in tact, and we do expect spreads to open back up later this year. It doesnt change our investment profile in terms of putting advantage crude to the front end of the refineries through infrastructure or increasing our ability to export because long-term we think thats value creative, doesnt change our view on our Midstream events or our chemicals investments and shifting more investment into these higher value business. So I would say our view the strategy it remains in tact from that standpoint. The other thing I would say is, the teams with under performance, the prior hedges, so we had a extended turnaround, major turnaround at Sweeny in the first quarter which was followed by a power outage. We had a second power outage in the second quarter and in my view thats unacceptable. So we are working with the third-party power supplier to upgrade their systems, their networks, we are looking at what we can do within refinery to recover from one of these incidents quicker around our own systems and balances. There is a co-gen unit at Sweeny, its running sort 350,000 megawatt and weve used about 125,000 megawatt at the complex. So we are looking to say, what can we do to island that facility, technically its possible, practically difficult, but it can be done were working and then finally we are working to get a second supplier power into that complex. So that should be an event that is not repeated in the future. And so I think if you think for me personally and the biggest disappointment in the quarter was having a second power outage at Sweeny, which by the way impacts all the way across our businesses, so we had the refinery down, all the ethylene units were down, the frac was down. So it impacted all three business platforms that we had, and so well absolutely get that one fixed.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, thank you. And then how important safety is to you personally? If I could go to this weedy question on sensitivities and apologies, its kind of to do with the comparison between this year and last year. One thing that stands out is that you seem to have flipped your sensitivity to the LLS brand differential from a positive last year to a negative, but that would imply obviously a widening discount of LLS to Brent. Last year would have been a negative, but this year is now positive.
Greg C. Garland: No, thats not right. I dont know, thats not true, I mean LLS prices weakening benefit us.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah. It just seems to been the case last year that it was $30 million positive if LLS went up, now it's a $20 million negative?
Greg C. Garland: Let us work on that, I mean we benefit on the Gulf Coast when LLS prices weaken relative to Brent that was true last year and that's true currently.
Paul B. Sankey: All right, okay. I think we just have to take a look at the slides, you taking that I appreciate you probably don't have the 2012 slide in front of you. The other thing you've done is, you've dropped the sensitivity to WTI Brent differential. Is there any particular reason for that? I mean I understand that you've given plenty of detail here, but it's just one differential that's longer on that sensitivity.
Timothy G. Taylor: Well, we've really broke that up between, we really think about it on inland crudes to Gulf Coast crudes. We have a WTI LLS sensitivity and then we have an LLS to Brent sensitivity. So, we think about it that way rather than going all the way from inland to international. But let us do some work, we understand that this quarter our number was quite a bit different from where a lot of analysts' numbers were and we take some responsibility in that to make sure that we're giving you the sensitivities you need to be better predictors of what our earnings are going to be. What also is not on the sensitivities are the things that there was no way of you knowing was the relationship between the product prices that we've realized and what's implied by either LLS 321 or a Midcon 321 where we were using the Chicago-based products there. So, we are thinking about ways of providing additional sensitivity so that you guys are better equipped to predict what we're going to do on a quarterly basis, knowing that this business is complex and difficult to predict.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, I mean, I guess, you saw pre-announcements as well, is there any particular reason you didn't just pre-announce?
Timothy G. Taylor: I don't think we really believe in pre-announcements. I don't think you really should expect us to do pre-announcements. We think sensitivities and the relationships we have with you guys is good enough to help you get to the right number.
Paul B. Sankey: Okay. thats interesting. And then just, again just hammering on this point a little bit. The gas sensitivity has changed. Is there anything, nat gas sensitivities, is there anything particularly operationally going on with that or is it just a function of the basis between 2013 and 2012?
Greg G. Maxwell: I don't know if it would be, that we have had trainer is or
Timothy G. Taylor: Well weve done a lot of energy projects too
Greg G. Maxwell: Thats true.
Timothy G. Taylor: That were trying to capture this is a lower number now, I think, isnt it?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah.
Paul B. Sankey: Yes, its quite a bit lower.
Greg G. Maxwell: But, lets take this whole sensitivity issue up with you offline and will see as
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, sure. I appreciate it kind of seriously in the weeds, if we look at the very big picture, this is the last thing from me. 3Q to-date, you've got the wider heavies, you have got wider Canadians, you have probably got less product prices on balance 3Q to-date is worse than Q2 or better than the throughputs?
Greg C. Garland: I mean you know better than the fact that we don't give quarterly guidance, and so, let's let the quarter unwind a little bit and see before we have
Paul B. Sankey: But what I was saying is not quarterly guidance. It's month-to-date or quarter-to-date.
Greg C. Garland: I don't think we're going to give that.
Paul B. Sankey: Okay, Ill drop it. Fair enough, Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Paul, good morning.
Paul Cheng: Greg, just want to maybe confirm, already are you saying that 100% of your RIN requirement is now currently showing up in your other cost or that whatever is the implied cost, they are showing up in your Refining business and that the 100% of whatever your Brent, you are showing up in your wholesale marketing result?
Greg C. Garland: That is correct, Paul.
Paul Cheng: The reason why I asked that is that, it seems now you are marketing if that's the case, the results should be much better and refining should be far worse. Based on your throughput level on gasoline and estimate on road diesel, you'll probably do above 1.2 million barrel per day to 1.3 million barrel per day and you export about 181,000. That target for 8.03% what's the requirement that would suggest that for the quarter, your RIN obligation is about 350 million gallons and that with the RIN costs in the second quarter about $0.80 to $0..85, it seems like should be a much bigger impact than for both your marketing business in terms of the earning impact of benefit as well as the negative impact on refining? So I think I must be missing something.
Greg G. Maxwell: I will take a stab at it, and then turn it over to Tim. But as we said earlier with our commercial operations we are not going to signal to you whether we are balanced long or short Paul. But as far as the pure accounting perspective that is exactly right as I said earlier to the extent that we blend, we capture that positive value in marketing, specialties and subsequently transfer that cost at market value to our refining organization. So the full cost impact for the RINs obligation ends up in our refining segment.
Paul Cheng: Tim, earlier that you are talking about you have the flexibility on the well system. So with the volatility in the market piece how quickly that you can turn the volume and decide I am not going to ship into this location, I decide to ship into another location given your contractual obligation with the well operator and other people. Is it like 30 days that you can make the switch, is it three months, is it six months, any kind of rough number you can provide?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, Generally, Paul, I would just say that you kind of pictured crude and youve got a pretty time that it takes, but the option should develop in terms of the ultimate supplies. So this is shorter-term versus longer-term and then with our system, we have the flexibility to alter that probably as fast as we can move the crude slate. And I think that's the way we tend to look at that realizing that the industry on pipeline commitments et cetera that youve got to schedule those out. So that really is something that you got, even the rail system quite a bit of flexibility with.
Paul Cheng: So you  essentially if I interpret your statement correctly, you will be somewhere between one to three months because, I mean, if you look at the alternative or it probably doesnt take that much, it depends?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. It depends, but it's probably on the shorter side of that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Greg, just curious, one of your competitor was starting to build condensate splitter and use the natural gas in naphtha and then brent (inaudible) certainly your sensory that sort of a replacement of the light oil run in their refinery. Is there any opportunity for you guys along that line?
Greg C. Garland: So, we've looked at  I think we've said publicly, we are not going to build a standalone condensate splitter, but we do have opportunities at our Sweeny facility at Alliance, Lake Charles assets where we think we can make some modifications and actually process more light oil through these facilities and with minimal capital investment. That's still, I mean, but as we think about where we want to spend our money, we are looking for 40% return type projects on the refining side. And so were looking for quick hit, fast payout projects. We have some underutilized equipment that we can kind of tie together and use that all and so we've got some projects around that that we are executing.
Paul Cheng: When do you think that you may be able to sanction or provide more data on those projects?
Greg C. Garland: In terms of the increased throughout that were looking at?
Paul Cheng: No, whether that you actually definitely go ahead with those projects and what kind of CapEx and what kind of throughput and what is the current benefit that you are looking at?
Greg C. Garland: $30 million, $50 million type projects and theyre underway.
Paul Cheng: They are already underway.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. We actually do things like tie-ins and turnarounds and some other things. So, it kind of depends on the schedule and things that are available, but those are our plans that we have in place to make those margin in some of our refining system already.
Paul Cheng: What is the total capacity on the condensate splitter in those facilities that we are talking about?
Timothy G. Taylor: This is really  I don't want to call it condensate splitter per se. It can just be  I will call it the flash system. So, there's just a variety of ways to approach, primarily trying to drive lights out ahead of the crude column. So, it's not a new column per se. It's really trying to see what's in the refinery to accomplish what you needed to increase the ability to take out those lights and then also looking at things to the  say, the gas plant capabilities to make sure that you can process that.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Okay, okay. If I can just make a proposal, I try to understand that Tim or Greg that what is the major difference in the RIN issue comparing to say the ethanol issue back several years ago. The industry had most of that when you build you customer and here we have in your invoice specifically identify how much you have charged on the outport and what is the passthrough of the ethanol price and given that everyone essentially have to pay for the RIN. Why the industry is not moving into that direction, so that from the consumer standpoint and investment community standpoint we know that this is 100% passthrough and we wont get confused by the margin capture rate, because now that artificially the margin capture rate is lower since that part of the RIN cost is perhaps that in the, at the upward price already? And also that, I mean, if really you want Washington, D.C. to act on yen changes you need to have a process and need to make sure that the consumer speak up and provide a transparent way that seems is the more effective way to ensure something would get done in D.C. because the consumer then realize that how much theyve been getting.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I mean it isnt one approach and to be explicit on the pump would be a great way for the consumer to realize what that means. Its competitive pricing business and you are right. It has to be an industry kind of thing, but it would be an interesting approach to highlight that. And I think
Paul Cheng: Because everyone  everything will refine regardless whether you have today balance or not, next year you probably will be short.
Greg C. Garland: Hey, Paul, I don't think we disagree. We probably have to go onto the next question.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Arjun N. Murti: Thank you. Just a question as the Gulf Coast gets awash with light crude oil. Can you talk about your ability or capacity to reship that stuff to the East Coast, especially if the differential is warranted?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Arjun, we have taken the charters on two marine tankers that allow us to move that product today from the Southern Texas Coast to Corpus into our system. Clearly, as you go long haul of the East Coast the capacity drops because you got longer haul times, but I think its all about the value and where do we drive the greatest value. So, thats the optionality we do. We do move from time to time cargoes from Texas up to Bayway, and so thats something that weve done and we will keep open. That really is part of our optimization and I think whether use barge or other part marine will have to be a piece of the solution longer term on this.
Arjun N. Murti: Is there kind of a volume capacity you can do in order of magnitude, kind of cost or tariff to do that?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think weve said in the past $4 to $5 a barrel movement on Jones Act vessel.
Greg G. Maxwell: Each vessel is about $300,000.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah. And so, depending on the length of haul, you are probably East Coast, weve not given that, but probably more than in order of $20,000 a day and you get a much better utilization in the Gulf Coast. Clearly, if you are not using Jones Act vessel going to Canada, the costs drops to about half of that.
Timothy G. Taylor: Our view is that because of the limitations of Jones Act vessel, thats going to push you to more barge and more rail just to evacuate the Gulf Coast.
Arjun N. Murti: And I assume that its Ho-Ho or when Ho-Ho reverses that will free-up barge capacity to increase volumes to the East Coast, just again if the differential [warrants] it?
Greg C. Garland: Right. Thats part of what happens and as the supply increase in the Gulf Coast, clearly the Bakken is going to continue to clear the East and West Coast by rail.
Arjun N. Murti: Yeah, great. And then just a quick final one on stock buyback, a nice bump in Q2 versus Q1. Looking forward, do we think about this as sort of, if you have free cash flow thats the quantity? Are you kind of targeting a set amount or a debt-to-cap ratio? How do we think about the stock buyback go forward?
Timothy G. Taylor: Well, I think, as we said in the call today that we are going to finish the first $2 billion repurchase plan this year and that well get started on the reload this year also. So, were in the market everyday, and youll see us there. Some days well buy more than others obviously, but we really dont want to put out a set amount of what we're going to buy everyday Arjun.
Arjun N. Murti: And going forward in the out years again free cash flow type metric is how we should think about it or debt-to-cap or both.
Greg C. Garland: I think we think about the intrinsic value of the company and we see we are trading now and as long as we are trading at a discount that we currently see to what we think we were we should expect us to be buying back shares.
Greg G. Maxwell: We are going to pay the dividend. You should expect that we are going to increase the dividend every year and then to the extend that we have free cash and looks value accretive to us well take shares then.
Greg C. Garland: Arjun you saw that we did paydown the $500 million of the term loan we will finish out prepaying that term loan as I mentioned this year. So Ill take our debt balance to roughly $6 billion and put us at the low end of our debt capital target.
Arjun N. Murti: Got it. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks Arjun.
Operator: We have run out of time. Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2013, Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tresheda, I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the call over to Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Please go ahead.
C. Clayton Reasor: Thank you. Good morning, welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; CFO, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Tim Taylor. Presentation material well be using this morning can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental, financial, and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page of this presentation as well as in our filings with the SEC. Also you may know that on March 27, our registration statement relating to the securities of Phillips 66 Partners LP was filed with the SEC. As this statement has not became effective our remarks about the MLP will be limited and we will not take questions on this proposed offering during todays call. That said, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks, Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks Clayton, good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Its hard to believe that just a year ago that we launched Phillips 66 as an independent company. We are pleased with our performance today. We are a new company, but we are built on a 130 years of experience. We have a portfolio of business that is as uniquely positioned to benefit from the significant growth in American oil, gas, natural gas liquids production. First quarter 2013, we operated safely. And our financial results reflect the fact that we captured positive market conditions in our refining and chemicals businesses. Operating excellence continues to be our top priority. We aspire to be a company where employees work their entire careers without getting hurt. In the first quarter, we continued our improvement in our safety and environmental performance. We continue to pursue growth in high value businesses while maintaining our capital discipline. Our plans for a new natural gas liquids fractionator in the Gulf Coast region demonstrate investment opportunities we have in the American energy landscape as well as highlight our unique position across the downstream value chain. The plans DCP has announced are additional important sources of growth within our midstream segment. The Sand Hills and Southern Hills pipelines will deliver NGL to the growing Gulf Coast markets and are expected to be fully in service by mid-2013. CPChem continues to advance its Gulf Coast ethane cracker and polyethylene facilities, once complete these facilities are estimated to create about 400 long-term direct jobs and about 10,000 temporary engineering, construction jobs. Growth in our chemical segment also comes from an NGL frac expansion at Sweeny, our 1-hexene project, and our Saudi Polymers project. Ultimately the growth in capacity allows for growth of dividends and share repurchases. Shareholder distributions remain a priority for our company. During the quarter, we paid an increased dividend and we repurchased $382 million of stock, as part of our $2 billion share repurchase program. Since the companys inception a year ago, weve returned $1.2 billion of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have a diverse portfolio that provides us earnings durability as well as a balance sheet that give us financial flexibility. These are two very important traits that are needed in our industry to be well positioned to weather the cyclicity thats inherent in our business and continue to grow shareholder distributions and value through the cycles. With that said, Ill hand the call over to Greg Maxwell to take you through the quarter results.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. We had a very solid first quarter driven by strong refining and chemical margins. Reported and adjusted earnings both came in at the $1.4 billion level with earnings per share at $2.23 on a reported basis and adjusted earnings per share at $2.19. Excluding changes in working capital, cash from operations for the quarter was $1.8 billion, our cash flow generation enabled us to fund our capital program, pay $194 million of dividends and repurchased $382 million of common stock during the quarter. On an adjusted basis, our annualized 2013 return on capital employed was 20%. Before we leave this slide, Id like to mention one key item. As outlined in our earnings release we made a few changes to how we report our operating segments. This is in response to changes in our internal reporting processes and is designed to increase transparency and ensure better alignment with how we think about operate and manage our business. We are moving from having four segments to five with our Refining and Marketing segment being split into two new operating segments, Refining standing on its own and Marketing and Specialties. In addition a portion of our transportation assets that were previously reported in our refining and marketing segment had been separated and are being reported as a part of midstream. Our slides reflect this new segmentation and prior year numbers have been recast for comparative purposes. In addition the quarterly information for 2012 has been recast and is included in our supplemental pages provided with the earnings release. Full year 2009 and 2010, as well as quarterly 2011 recast numbers will be available later in the second quarter and will be posted to our website. Slide 5 provides a look at our first quarter adjusted earnings compared to the first quarter of 2012, adjusted earnings increased by over $600 million to $1.4 billion. Midstream adjusted earnings were $83 million and this excludes a $27 million gain from the issuance of additional limited partner units by DCP Midstream partners which is DCP's MLP. The majority of the $25 million decline in earnings is driven primarily by lower NGL prices. Chemicals earnings were $282 million, this was up $65 million mainly due to higher margins especially in olefins and polyolefins. Refining generated over $900 million in adjusted earnings and the $455 million increase was mainly due to stronger margins that benefited from higher markets spreads for distillates and gasoline along with improved feedstock advantage. Marketing and specialties had adjusted earnings of $202 million an improvement of nearly $150 million over last year. Higher margins were responsible for most of this improvement. And finally corporate and other costs this quarter were $95 million and this $25 million higher largely due to interest expense on debt taken on in 2012 related to the separation. I will cover each of these segments in more detail later in the webcast. Moving next to our first quarter cash flow, during the quarter we generated $1.8 billion in cash from operations, excluding working capital changes. Changes in working capital were a positive impact of $400 million with the net change primarily due to the timing of tax payments. We funded about $400 million of capital expenditures and investments and during the quarter we returned $576 million to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $4.8 billion. As for our capital structure on slide 7, at quarter-end we had equity of $21 billion and our debt was $7 billion resulting in our debt to capital ratio remaining in the middle of our targeted range of 20% to 30%, taking into account our $4.8 billion ending cash balance, our net debt to capital ratio was 9% at the end of the first quarter. Next we will cover each of our operating segments in more detail, starting with Midstream on slide 8. As mentioned earlier the Midstream segment now includes our transportation assets in addition to our equity interest in DCP Midstream and our NGL operations. The transportation business includes pipelines, terminals, railcars, and trucks that were previously embedded as a part of our R&M segment. The annualized return on capital employed for Midstream was 11% based on an average capital employed of $3.1 billion. Slide 9 shows Midstreams adjusted earnings of $83 million along with the variances from the prior year for the three main business lines. Adjusted earnings from DCP Midstream decreased by $31 million this quarter primarily due to lower NGL prices and to a lesser degree reduced volumes. NGL prices continue to be challenged down 26% compared to the first quarter of 2012. The volume decrease was in part due to mechanical and also to weather-related issues. NGL operations earnings were down $10 million partly due to inventory impacts from exiting the wholesale propane marketing business that occurred during the first quarter of 2013. Transportation was up $16 million mainly due to new and increased throughput fees as we started converting our pipelines to market rates. Additional information on the transportation business line can be found in the midstream section of our reporting supplement. On the next slide, we will move to a discussion of our chemical segment. Our chemical segment had another solid quarter. The olefins and polyolefins business continued to benefit from strong margins. The capacity utilization rate this quarter for O&P was 91% and it was negatively impacted by the power outage at the Sweeny facility and the continuing ramp up of operations of the Saudi Polymers Company joint venture. In Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics, benzene margins improved however this was mostly offset by additional turnarounds during the quarter. The annualized return on capital employed for our chemical segment was 31% and this is based on an average capital employed of $3.6 billion. As shown on slide 11 first quarter earnings increased by $65 million compared to the same period last year. The increase in earnings was primarily in olefins and polyolefins due to stronger margins, as well as higher equity earnings from CPChem's Middle Eastern joint ventures. This increase was slightly offset by higher cost partly due to the power outage at the Sweeny Facility during the first quarter. As mentioned earlier, Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings were flat compared with last year. The improvement of $12 million noted in corporate and others due to lower SG&A cost along with reduced interest expenses are a result of CPChems debt retirements in 2012. As we move next to refining, our refining realized margin was $13.94 per barrel with a global crude utilization rate of 90% and a clean product yield of 84%. Our utilization rate this quarter was negatively impacted by turnarounds at the Sweeny and Wood River refineries, as well as the power outage at Sweeny. We increased our advantage crude slate in the U.S. during the quarter to 68% and this is up from 60% in the first quarter of 2012. The annualized return on capital employed for the refining segment was 25% with an average employed for the segment of $14.3 billion. Slide 13 provides more detail on earnings in our refining segment. Adjusted earnings for refining were $909 million this quarter. This is up $455 million from a year ago, reflecting improvements in all of our regions, especially in the Central Corridor and the Gulf Coast. The earnings of all four of our refining regions increased and in total this was primarily due to improved refining margins. The improvement in refining margins reflects not only higher market crack spreads, but also positive feedstock advantage. Atlantic Basin/Europe reflects improved margins due to higher market cracks and also feedstock advantage at our Bayway Refinery as we increased our effort to run more Bakken crude in place of Brent. Gulf Coast improved as we achieved 114% market capture rate up from 77% in the first quarter of last year. Central Corridor reflects higher market cracks and wider Canadian crude differentials as well as benefits from running additional low cost domestic crudes in our Wood River Borger, Ponca City and Billings refineries. Western Pacifics improvement of $61 million over last year is largely due to the fact that the first quarter of 2012 was a heavy turnaround period for our West Coasts refineries. Ferndale, Los Angeles and San Francisco all had turnarounds in the first quarter of 2012. Finally, other refinery, refining was up this quarter compared to last year primarily as a result of margin improvements on movements of Western Canadian crude that was in excess of our refinery needs. Lets now take a look at our market capture shown on slide 14. Here we compare the weighted average market 3:.2:1 margin against the actual margin we captured along with the factors that drove the differences between them. The realized margin for the first quarter of 2013 was $13.94 per barrel and this is our best first quarter realized refining margin in recent history. Market capture for the quarter was 90% down from our fourth quarter high of 97%, but well above the 81% utilization achieved in the first quarter of 2012. Market capture in the first quarter was strong as feedstock advantage, product differential impacts, and volume gains more than offset the negative impacts associated with lower price secondary products. Slide 15, shows the comparison of advantage crude runs at our refineries as well as clean product yields for 2011, 2012 and year-to-date 2013. In the U.S. advantage crudes increased from 62% in 2012 to 68% in 2013. The decrease in other heavy crude from 27% in 2012 to 23% for the first quarter of 2013 was largely due to our Sweeny Refinery being down during part of the first quarter. As shown on the graph to the right, we continue to focus on improving our clean product yields, achieving an overall 84% yield across our refining system is quarter. This next slide covers Marketing & Specialties or M&S. M&S includes Phillips 66's wholesale and retail fuel marketing, as well as our lubricants, power generation and flow improver businesses. In marketing another, worldwide marketing margins improved to $0.03 per gallon in the first quarter. This was up from $0.01 per gallon in the first quarter of 2012. In specialties compared to last year our flow improver sales increased by 16% on a volume basis. The annualized return on capital employed for M&S was 22% and the average capital employed was $3.7 billion. Slide 17, provides some additional detail about the marketing and specialties segment. M&S generated adjusted earnings of $202 million. This was $147 million higher than the same quarter last year. Marketing and others adjusted earnings increased over $150 million, largely due to improved margins over the prior year. Both U.S. and international marketing margins contributed to this increase with the U.S. representing approximately 75% of this improvement. For specialties, the $6 million decrease over last year was mainly attributed to inventory impacts. This concludes my discussion of the financial and operational results for the quarter. I will now cover a few outlook items before handing the call over to Tim Taylor for some closing remarks. In refining, for the second quarter, we expect a global utilization rate to be in the high 90s. With regard to turnarounds, our pretax turnarounds expense is expected to be approximately $90 million in the second quarter. Corporate and other costs are expected to be about approximately $105 million after-tax for the quarter and the total companys effective income tax rate is expected to be in the low 30s. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tim.
Timothy G. Taylor: Thank you, Greg. I'd like to take a couple of minutes to review our expectations for the remainder of 2013. We continue to focus on growth and returns enhancements centered on opportunities created by the rise of oil and gas production in North America. In our midstream business, we are pursuing developments at 100,000 barrels per day NGLs fractionator to be located in the Gulf Coast region. And this project would enable us to take advantage of existing midstream transportation and storage infrastructure. We see excellent market facing opportunities to grow the NGL business and the chance to supply 30 NGLs and liquefied petroleum gas to the petrochemical industry as well heating markets. If approved, we would expect construction to start in the first half of 2014 with the operations commencing in the second half of 2015. Our 2013 budgeted capital expenditures and investments are currently expected to be about $1.9 billion of which $1 billion is dedicated for maintenance capital. As weve said before, we see this level set right around our DD&A amount going forward. Included in our maintenance capital are our capital requirements for Tier 3 implementation. During the quarter, we funded nearly $400 million of our capital program and nearly $800 million if you include a portion of our major joint venture expenditures. This capital was spend mainly on the growth plans that we have outlined before where we are expanding our higher value businesses. As Greg said in his opening remarks, we are in a cyclical business and we are well positioned to capture opportunities caused by both short-term price dislocations, as well as medium and long-term fundamentals. The Brent WTI differential will be dynamic as infrastructure progresses and trade flows adjust over the coming months and we expect LLS to move back to a discount versus Brent. Although we may see some narrowing of crude differentials as takeaway capacities build, we still have an advantage position. With seven coastal refineries, three each in the Gulf and the West Coast and one on the East Coast, we are well-positioned to grow product exports, and this past quarter we exported an average of 150,000 barrels a day of refined products which is a significant increase over last year. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake: Hey, good morning. Congratulations on the results and thanks for all the disclosure. Its going to keep me up tonight, so my wife is going to be happy that Im inside an Excel spreadsheet, so lets start-off with some questions around that disclosure. Just on the midstream, youve broken it out and you said you transferred all the assets in that. So youve got $175 million in the first quarter of earnings before tax, youve got around $19 million of DD&A, but there will be some see-through DD&A the why I think about it atleast in DCP Midstream, which doesnt come through say another $40 million. You got to sort of over, maybe call it $230 million of EBITDA see-through for that division for the quarter implying around $900 million to a $1 billion for the year. Is that a fair way to think about the overall Midstream EBITDA at PSX?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, I think Ed, youre correct. When we look at that, we think thats about with the combined results about the right amount of EBITDA for that segment.
Edward G. Westlake: Right, okay, thanks, just walking through some Maths there. And then a totally separate topic, RINs, its come up obviously on every conference call. Where do you see the exposure if you assume that the current RIN price persisted say into next year or into this year? Do you have a dollar million assessments at this point? Thanks.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, this is Tim and Ill start with that. I think that, when I think about RINs to me its obviously a cause to the impacts the way we go to market in our sales channel. And so, I think fundamentally we manage that through our commercial business, we have a lot of options. Weve taken lot of actions to increase blending on bio-diesel at our terminals et cetera to mitigate that that said when you look out what the blend wall going forward you realize that thats still an issue yet to be addressed, it has be addressed really from a macro standpoint, but to this point we find that manageable it does effect our planning, but I think that the real issue really starts to surface in 2014 with the additional requirements and a need for advanced cellulosics thats just are not there.
Edward G. Westlake: I mean, if I could push you a little obviously, Valero has given some numbers where they bracketed around a range of 500 to 750 from memory. Is there a number you feel comfortable sharing if and then I say basically persisting market conditions from here to the end of the year?
Greg G. Maxwell: This is Greg. I would say first of all, as we look out, we think its just an unworkable program. And we have seen this coming since 2007 and we have been trying to position ourselves for this. I think the industry is working hard on solutions in Washington. But that said, we are trading RINs and like any other commercial activity, we really dont want to expose our positions because we think it puts our traders at a disadvantage. But I will say, our view is that the industry and particularly us we believe, we are capturing most of the cost of the RINs in the market today.
Edward G. Westlake: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hi, Good morning guys. The new disclosure is definitely helpful. First question, one of the two areas I think where you are differentiating growth profile is in the midstream and you mentioned Sand Hills and Southern Hills are set to ramp in mid 2013 which is pretty soon with aggregate 375,000 barrels a day of [white] [ph] grade capacity in the Mt. Belvieu. I mean, can you discuss, are you taking to, are you planning on taking some of those post fractionated volumes at your facilities and displacing third party purchases and I just, how you see the demand for these volumes and how does it work in your system?
Greg C. Garland: So, a lot of the volumes or 70% of the volumes are DCP controlled volumes and the balance is third-party volumes on Sand Hills. We dont see that displacing any of the internal volumes that we have. As we go to market with those volumes, as you know DCP is a large supplier to CPChem and we like that relationship and we see that relationship continuing going forward. But we look at those projects kind of on a standalone basis. We think we got good value capture. We think we get the assets loaded over some period of time, but relatively quickly and those are going to be good solid assets for us.
Evan Calio: Thats great. And switching gears into chemicals, Saudi Polymers facility continues to ramp. I mean, should we expect the full contribution in the third quarter? And I guess Im trying to assess where you are in that 10% to 15% earnings lift once the plant is fully ramped.
Greg C. Garland: So, I think we talked on the last call that were working through operational problems. Its running much better this past quarter. So it continues to progress. So our view is that, yes, in the second half of this year you really start to see the impact from the Saudi Polymers plant startup.
Evan Calio: Right. Maybe a last one if I could. I know you gave a global utilization in O&P at 91% and you mentioned that the U.S. is affected by downtime at Sweeny. I mean, can you give us the U.S. rate and kind of where we think that might normalize?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, looks like in this last year, 96% and I would, our view is ethylene unit rates up 95% to 100%. Thats pretty much on a sustained basis running flat out. So, I think on the U.S. side that really we would expect that to run at capacity in that 95% to 100% range.
Evan Calio: Right. And where did you run in the first quarter?
Greg C. Garland: In the U.S. we were in, I believe the, 90%, 95%.
Evan Calio: Great. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Jeff A. Dietert: In the press release this morning you mentioned that you took delivery of 400 railcars. I believe thats out of 2,000 expected. Are these general purpose railcars or [coil] [ph] tubes and could talk about how you plan to deploy these cars, and where the greatest opportunities are in the current market?
Greg C. Garland: So they are general purpose cars. This is order we placed shortly after we formed as the new company and we expect to kind of get the 2,000 cars ratably over the balance of this year. I think the plan really hasnt changed for us. It really was primarily envisioned to be Bakken East and West and I think our view is that well continue to do that.
Jeff A. Dietert: Secondly, on a second topic quarter-to-date many of the regional cracks are down sequentially and most are down year-on-year. Some of the crude differentials have softened a bit. Perhaps they are bringing in some incremental imports opening for Gulf Coast imports. What do you think the major drivers of the softness in cracks are and do you expect this weakness to continue to the summer?
Greg C. Garland: So, on the crack spread, I think youve got both that work. Youve had some market fundamentals on the product side that have continued. First quarter is typically not the strongest and second quarter should see some seasonal uplift on the product side. But so really I think whats moving around are the crude dips and youve looked at the first quarter. Theyve come in and you looked recently you started to see some widen and back out. So I think our fundamental view is that that the fundamentals havent changed, that we still see the discounts with Inland crudes, we still see the Canadian discounts. We do believe though that it will remain volatile and that we wouldnt be surprised to see those come back out a bit from where theyve been in the last month, may not be as high as what we saw or as much volatility as last year, but we still believe that those dis on the Canadian and the Inland crudes are very sustainable, and I think were in a period of readjustment here in the Gulf Coast as those crudes make their way into Texas and then ultimately find their way into the rest of the refining system on the Gulf Coast.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Arjun Murti: Thank you. And I guess my thanks as well for the disclosure and I had a question as well on it. On the transportation segment, I appreciate your breaking that out. It looks like last year on a full year basis you had just over $250 million of EBITDA. If we annualize the first quarter youre over $360 million. Is the delta there just taking some of the tariffs to a market-based tariff from an internal cost accounting? And then, can you also discuss what may or may not be included in that transport segment. Im pretty sure it does not include all your, what we may call, logistics assets, but if you have any color there that would be great.
Greg C. Garland: So, Arjun, part of the 2012 result included impairments around the REX pipeline.
Arjun Murti: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: So you probably need to add those back in if you want to get a more reasonable number, but youve got what $170 million in the second quarter and $160 million, I guess. So what is that $300 million, $330 million of earnings you probably need to add back. I dont know. If Greg, if you
Greg G. Maxwell: From an asset perspective, Arjun, I think it was the other question. Some of the, what you would consider storage tanks and pipes that are inside the refinery gates, are still aligned with the refining segment. Were continuing to look at that, but you can imagine its a little bit more integrated from an asset basis in that refinery aspect. So were looking at that, but a lot of the storage and pipes inside the refinery gates are still being reported in the Refining segment.
Arjun Murti: Got it. So, yes. So those storage tanks and terminals might still be within the Refining segment. That makes sense. Did you change though the account of it from an internal cost accounting to a market-based tariff as you moved from 2012 to 2013 or is there no delta on that point?
Timothy G. Taylor: Arjun, its Tim. There are some adjustments that have been made. Some of those were obviously at market. Some were more focused on the cost side. So this does reflect that movement now to, really across that system were going to be going to the market-based adjustment rate.
Arjun Murti: Got it.
Timothy G. Taylor: So there was an uplift from that.
Arjun Murti: Yeah, great. And then, on the crude slate slide, I think its slide 15. You described WTI-based in shale. I presume the shale is midcontinent and therefore effectively a WTI-based product or is there some reason you have it separated?
Timothy G. Taylor: Well, we like to really, WTI traditional mid-con production, I think we like to separate the shale, very focused thinking about Bakken, Eagle Ford and some of those that are really probably better described as light tide oil. And so, I think thats a distinction that we use to kind of help draw the distinction and really bring in new plays. Cleary WTI may have some expansion as well with the EMP activity, but that really helps, I think, highlight where the new source comes from.
Arjun Narayana Murti: Got it. And then, just a quick final one. Have you guys given any consideration or plans to investing at the front-end to be able to process more light oil at some of the otherwise heavier refineries or do you not have an interest in doing that?
Greg C. Garland: So, Arjun, its Greg. Good morning.
Arjun Murti: Hi.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, were looking at that. Weve done preliminary engineering around condensate splitter, standalone and also within the refineries. I think were moving towards utilizing underutilized equipment in our refineries today to cheaply find a way to process more lights and we do have some projects identified, but these are small projects that I would say $50 million and less that are really kind of quick-hit projects that we can get implemented and get paid out fast. We dont envision, at this point, doing a standalone condensate splitter at some point.
Arjun Murti: Thats great. Thank you so much.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bradley Olsen from Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Brad Olsen: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Brad Olsen: Question on your, youve obviously done a lot to access more on sort of sales crudes thats coming through in the slides that you had in your presentation this morning, but there has been a pretty significant compression between Brent and WTI, and Brent and Bakken prices, which some previous questions hit on. Is there a price level or is there a sensitivity to your crude by rail operations or a price level or a price spread where its no longer interesting economically to ship Bakken crude to Ferndale or to Bayway?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, certainly there is a point, which, again weve said in the past that we look at Bakken to the East Coast, the West Coast maybe in that kind of all in from the well [that had] 12 to 16. So if you start getting that to come in too far obviously wed want to do that, but fundamentally that crude needs to go that direction. Thats the right place I think for that crude to go. So I would see that as short-term dislocation versus really a fundamental, we still believe Bakken will price to be competitive and its got to taking account where needs to go the price itself into the market.
Brad Olsen: Great, thanks. In the LLS market, weve seen this rally where LLS despite the increasing in Eagle Ford production and the flow is coming south down the Seaway. Weve seen LLS rally recently above current levels. Any comments as to what youre seeing in the market and whether or not Phillips has been able to maybe access crudes on the Gulf Coast at a discount to what were seeing on our screens, when it comes to LLS pricing?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, so LLS is our marker crude that we talked about in the Gulf Coast region and weve been successful really having additional penetration particularly with Eagle Ford crudes as well as some supplements from some of the other mid-con crudes into that region. And I think the way, I would be explain that is that I think you look back at our Marine option that weve taken on the MR tankers put in service. And thats drilling as access Texas crude over to Alliance and Lake Charles. And so I think really what youre still seeing is probably some reduction in LLS over the past quarter. And then you got the transportation bottleneck from Texas to Louisiana that ultimately get solved. But I think as a result of that youre relatively indifferent right now on LLS versus some of the imported grades. But we still think fundamentally as that crude shows up into the Gulf Coast that youll begin to see that discount.
Brad Olsen: Great. And a question on the chemical side, the $8 billion opportunity you said that was sighted in the presentation. I might have my numbers wrong. But that sounded a little bit higher than the roughly $6 billion figure that I think have been discussed in the past, are there any specific projects on the chemical side thats driving that number up to $8 billion.
Greg C. Garland: Thats a multi year look the big piece of that is the new ethylene cracker and associated derivative plans on the petrochemical space but it also includes smaller interim closuring projects with the fractionator expansion at Sweeny, the 1-hexene plant, and some other kinds of more smaller project, but the big driver is that project in the petrochemical complex here in the Gulf Coast.
Greg G. Maxwell: And Brad of course thats a gross number, CPChem level right.
Greg C. Garland: Correct, right,
Brad Olsen: Yeah, sure and just one last one, you guys announced midstream a project on the midstream side to help tackle the fractionation shortage thats developing on the Gulf Coast, as you look into the NGL market, where you guys are obviously very active. Do you have any thoughts on potentially addressing the lack of export capacity that we have been experiencing on the Gulf Coast especially in light of recent announcements by companies out there to bring large batches of Marcellus LPGs down to the Gulf Coast and thats it for me, thanks guys.
Greg C. Garland: So, yeah I think we said previously that were looking at a multi product export facility on the Gulf Coast, it could include condensate LPG, even refined products, and so I would say we are in the feasibility stage on that project and looking to move that forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey good morning guys.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning.
Greg G. Maxwell: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: A number of quick question on East Coast your deal with global partner, do you have any flexibility not to take the oil to Bayway, but to other location or that 50,000 barrel per day have to go to Bayway contractually?
Greg G. Maxwell: Its really focused on Bayway. It makes a lot of sense that I think ultimately you can have some flexibility, but weve certainly seen the advantage and that where we would intend to use that.
Paul Cheng: All right. Tim, on when that contract startup?
Timothy G. Taylor: So that became effective right at the beginning of the year.
Paul Cheng: Beginning of this year, right?
Timothy G. Taylor: Correct.
Paul Cheng: And that on, I think that you guys have been discussing about bringing the heavy oil to California wherein some of your competitor that are looking at somewhat different option by rail, the heavy oil maybe into or that the light oil into Pacific Northwest and then budget on. So wondering that, whether that maybe an option you guys will be interested or that you will stick to primarily looking at to well heavy oil from Canada to California. And if that is still option that youre current expect to, any status update that you can provide?
Timothy G. Taylor: Sure, its really a multifaceted approach on in looking at bidding different crude slate to the West Coast. So today we are doing some large movements down the coast into California on heavy Canadian. And you can look in the Northwest to do that, so thats an option that were going to continue to use, and that were looking at expanding an opportunity with some of the logistic things were putting in place, and were also continuing to move crude by rail in smaller amounts into California and looking at projects really to increase that as well.
Paul Cheng: And well maybe this is for Greg, Greg can you give me some balance sheet data, what is your working capital, the inventory, market value in excess of the both and also the long term, Id presume that is long-term.
Greg G. Maxwell: The replacement value and excess of LIFO Paul is $8.1 billion at the end of the first quarter, and then working capital?
Paul Cheng: Yes.
Greg G. Maxwell: We had at the end of the first quarter $16.4 billion of current assets and right at $15 billion of current liabilities.
Paul Cheng: And all of that is now long-term debt, right?
Greg G. Maxwell: That excludes the long term debt, long-term debt sat at, right at $7 billion. We did reclassify some of that I think, now we left at $7 billion.
Paul Cheng: Okay, so long-term debt is $7 billion. Greg, and given that expected pretty heavy capital only from CPC so we assume that any dividend payment from CPC to the parent corporation will be quite minimum until that order at least that Gulf Coast cracker is complete.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, Paul so I mean we had given guidance I think in our December meeting that the capital expenditure program for CPChem is going to be the neighborhood of $1.2 billion if you look at their EBITDA, last year it was about $3 billion, so we think there is going to be nice distributions back from the chemical company to both of the owners this year.
Paul Cheng: Okay, two final question. Greg can you remind me what is the liquidity need for you to run your business? What is the level that you feel comfortable.
Greg G. Maxwell: That we are honing in on that Paul, we look at leading cash in somewhat in the neighborhood of $3 million to $4 billion. Were comfortable with our current liquidity uncommitted credit facilities that are $5.2 billion, $4 billion on revolving credit facility and $1.2 billion associated with our account receivables securitization facility, and youre are aware that we use some of that liquidity to as a basis for back stopping our letters of credit. I think at the end of the first quarter, we had about $200 million associated with LCs.
Paul Cheng: So, with your cash position at 4.7 though I think that is clearly that youre in excess of what you need to run your position and even though margin have come down, youre still generating tons of free cash, wondering that is there any plan of accelerating the cash return to the shareholder.
Greg C. Garland: First, now Ill turn to Greg, I recall that weve committed to paying $1 billion of our short-term debt eliminating the short-term debt by the end of the year. So, thats $1 billion of expected cash usage, and then Ill let Greg respond to the distribution aspect.
Greg G. Maxwell: So, dividends are highly important to us, Paul and I know youre a big supporter of dividends, and I think you should what expect us to increase the dividend this year, we do want to get on annual cycle of dividend increases. Weve always said, we want to pay a competitive dividend when never we want a back up from it, when we look back in 10 years and say weve increased the dividend every year very important to us. Weve confirmed our previous guidance on capital expenditures at the P66 level this year. So I think, then when you think about the capital discipline around what were going from capital investment standpoint, to the extend that were going to generate excess cash, then it will go against our existing $2 billion share repurchase program that weve talked about.
Paul Cheng: A final one. Tim, I think that there is one potential option in terms of the transportation side to well the bitumen directly down to the Gulf Cost and then return [core] to bring the condensate up to their broader area given theres a natural position there. Have you guys looked at that as a possibility and if you have any kind of cost estimate, if you do a wrong shipping like that, what maybe the cost compared to pipeline cost may look like?
Timothy G. Taylor: I havent done it specifically for that. But we are, that I could recall, but we are looking at that. Clearly you give (inaudible) on the way down. You can send it back up for the pipeline movement and so you get a better look. But we really havent looked specifically at that as something that were really pushing on hard at this point. The pipeline solution still longer-term is the right solution of our marine movement on the Canadian.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: I think you let me factor for us, Paul, is really the heated, the coal cars and thats true probably for the industry.
Paul Cheng: I see. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel H. Khan: Yeah, thanks. Good morning. Faisel from Citi. Just a question on the refining side, the other refining income. You guys talked about it a little bit in your prepared remarks, but its a big swing in the fourth quarter, the first quarter from $58 million to $182 million and can you talk about that little bit. I think you said it was related to selling excess Canadian heavy into the market and can you discuss how that works now thats going to trend going forward?
Timothy G. Taylor: This is Tim. So basically, I think that that results from our positions on our Canadian takeaway. And so were the largest importer of Canadian crudes and so when we have an excess were able to capture that value and thats really was a very significant factor in the first quarter for us.
Greg C. Garland: And because those benefits go across several regions rather than attributing it to the mid-con or Gulf Coast, we spread it over the entire segment.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. So was that mostly a spread benefit or was it the fact that you ran less Western Canadian crude in the quarter in your system.
Timothy G. Taylor: Primarily a spread benefit, that group also contains some of our commercial activities beyond that as well. So its a combination of things in that matter.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. Got it, and just looking at your cash flow statement your undistributed earnings swung to a positive number, is that what you talked about earlier that you expect to take distributions from CPChem during the course of this year even though youre investing heavily in the business? Is that a trend we should see throughout the entire year for a positive sort of impact from undistributed earnings?
Greg C. Garland: At CPChem were moving. Remember last year we paid off the debt at CPChem and so distributions were significantly reduced last year from CPChem. And this year given what we think the chemicals business is, the margin of the chemicals business, we think there is going to be good cash generation in that business. Weve got $1.2 billion at the CPChem level, capital spend. And so, I think you would continue to see distribution in excess there from what weve seen previously last year.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. Got it. And back at CPChem with the expansion of your facilities. Do you have all the permits now in place or how much longer are we waiting for the permits to proceed with the expansion that you guys talked about in the Gulf Coast for the base chemical, commodity chemical crackers?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, so the permitting process has been well underway for sometime and we made good progress for kind of reaching the end, because were looking to take final investment decisions that in the third quarter. So, I think Id give you some indication of where we are on that and to this point, thats not been an issue.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it. And then with the NGL fractionation project that you guys are talking about is that designed to coincide with the chemical facility to supply feedstock facilities. So I guess is there kind of an agreement. Will there be any potential agreement between the fractionator and that chemical project within the joint venture?
Greg C. Garland: So, I think weve said in the past were kind of look at balances, were pretty balanced. There is obviously an increased demand, but it doesnt specifically tie to that Chem project, but it certainly on the macro level is a nice matchup when we do that.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it. And as going back to the midstream questions from earlier in the call, there were kind of a lot of numbers that were throwing out. But I just want to make sure, I understand the numbers. So excluding DCP Midstream, if I am looking at the midstream income before taxes, I see NGL operations are $50 million, transportation income of $73 million, and D&A of roughly $19 million. So it seems like its roughly $100 million of EBITDA kind of associated with the NGL operations and transportation excluding DCP Midstream is that the right number. As I heard a $200 million number and $300 million number earlier on the call, I just want to make sure looking at that correctly.
Greg C. Garland: So looking just at Phillips 66 operations, you would want to take the NGL Ops and the transportation number, thats very specific to the P66.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thats $20 million of depreciation right.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it and then last question from me, just on tax, just whats your guidance for the tax rate for the rest of this year.
Greg G. Maxwell: Were looking at the low 30s I would suggest something at 30%, 32% range.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, understood, is that a sustainable tax rate sort of all has been equal for the business?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah,, I think its a fair raid at least as we look out through 2013, sometimes as you are aware, some adjustments come in and introduce some release, but I think 32% is a fair number.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it. I really appreciate the time, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, problem thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey: Hi, everybody, and just a second everyone, thanks for the disclosure that you offer. Could I just slightly pick around in slide 15 please, which is very interesting summary. You said and I think you remain committed to this idea that youll keep your CapEx in line with your DD&A, is that the correct way of looking on a go forward basis?
Greg G. Maxwell: Well make our maintenance capital at
Greg C. Garland: Maintenance capital.
Paul B. Sankey: Right, and then, so the overall levels that would be $1 billion and then the overall level of CapEx, could you talk a little bit, are you still going to turnkey that within the sort of $2 billion range or
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah. We said 1.8 and I think 1.8., 1.9 something like that. I think 1.8 is on a cash basis.
Greg C. Garland: And $3.7 billion.
Greg G. Maxwell: And of course that excludes the capital thats been spend by DCP or CPChem.
Paul B. Sankey: Which is self financing, right?
Greg G. Maxwell: Exactly, exactly, but if you roll it all up, its about $3.7 billion with
Greg C. Garland: Proportionally consolidated with $1.8 billion being the Phillips 66 capital.
Paul B. Sankey: So, I guess the point is that the previous levels of CapEx are about the same as what youre anticipating spending going forward. That was kind of my point.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah.
Paul B. Sankey: Okay. So, allowing for that and you bring to the debt pay down and sensing about what you may do with cash, it sounds shareholders. I was just wondering in terms of the way this slate of crudes is shifted on the left hand side, and then to an extent on the right hand side, the yield is shifted. Would it be fair to say, thats a low hanging fruit kind of move and it would be hard to see an equivalent kind of continuation of the shift that youve achieved going forward or do you anticipate that you can kind of continue those dynamics of obviously rising WTI based rising, Canadian rising, were actually down on the heavy, but then rising shale and collapsing Brent based. I guess what I am trying to get to is, is there a terminal point there?
Greg G. Maxwell: There is, but were not there yet, Paul. So our targets are 100% advantage crude and then you start taking advantage crudes and replacing it with more advantage crudes, i.e., in the Mississippi line or doing around Ponca City or displacing a WTI barrel with a better barrel, more consistent quality, better pricing. There is a theoretical limit on the clean product yields and so were approaching that limit, but and then yeah, were already high on distilled yields, industry leading distilled yield. So but there is still lot of room left in the fairway for us in terms of the advantage crude and the value capture for advantage crude.
Paul B. Sankey: Would the LLS I am assuming is in Brent basis?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes.
Paul B. Sankey: So, I guess, the next big thing is going to be, can you give us a sense to how much thats actually LLS and how much of that is actually Brent, the 32% that you got running burn rates?
Timothy G. Taylor: Sure, LLS clearly on the Gulf Coast and so very specifically, we haven't disclosed it by refinery, but I think if you think about our refining system you could see where that is. So that's really down the Gulf Coast and the Brent base for us would be [A&S]. It would be the other non-Bakken kind of crudes that we some times bring into Bayway, plus the LLS so it's kind of a mixture of things that really, rather California crudes are A&S based which ultimately is Brent-based as well. So I think you kind of look at regionally, you say, California, Bayway and then a portion of the Gulf Coast is where we see the Brent-based exposure in the U.S.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, thats helpful. Thanks. And then youre saying, its going to get to 100% advantage but would A&S be in that advantage target or...
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, so I think that we look at it and ultimately as we talk, we believe LLS with the movement of Mid-con to the Gulf Coast probably, just to be competitive will have to, will change. And then A&S, I think as now as the Bakken continues to move to northwest, as Canadian access to the West Coast improves you will see that as well. So that is certainly, as we talked about 100% target, there is a premise either to substitution or competition that we begin to get the advantage in those other crudes as well.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, and just and my point was that you think you can deal with this without any great expansion and capital, I mean, I think what you said is more or like $50 million type projects of changing access as opposed to any major surge in CapEx is required.
Timothy G. Taylor: That's correct.
Paul B. Sankey: Was the timeframe on the 100% advantaged?
Greg C. Garland: It keeps getting shorter.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, thats correct.
Timothy G. Taylor: I keep pressing it, yes it will take us a couple of years to probably get there I think all the way for us.
Paul B. Sankey: And basically I guess it will be a little bit, I mean you can see here there is a bit more gasoline than it was in 2011, but its of the nature of like 0.5% more. Obviously that would
Timothy G. Taylor: No, thats really I think that little bit of shift that you see in the first quarter is probably more to do with Sweeny down.
Paul B. Sankey: Yes.
Timothy G. Taylor: Thats correct first quarter versus running more light sweet crudes, where you would expect higher gasoline yields. That directionally, we dont want to give up this 41%, 42% distilling yields that were generating in the refinery. So
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, probably work to our advantage because gas fracs were little better than they expanded.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, thats interesting. Okay, so, its not a crude driven changing yields.
Greg C. Garland: We had Sweeny down 49 days in the first quarter, for a turnaround and then the power outage that hit us there brought the whole complex down.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, what was that by the way because its now looking like $1 million barrels of capacity down at that point right?
Greg C. Garland: So, we lost all three feeds into this whole complex. So it impacted the refinery, it impacted the CPChem facilities and the frac, and to some degree actually impacted DCP also as we were trying to bring volumes down the easy line, which terminates at Sweeny, the frac, so
Paul B. Sankey: Something we will do it, correct
Timothy G. Taylor: We had a scheduled turnaround for February and that turnaround went well. And then as we were coming backup, we lost power and we were down for another week. So I think the number actually 47 days, when it was down, had a negative impact.
Paul B. Sankey: What cause the outage?
Timothy G. Taylor: System work that our utility supplier was going to actually upgrade their systems past the trip.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, okay. Thats enough. Guys, thanks a lot. I appreciate your time. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Garcia from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Cory J. Garcia: Good morning, fellows. One quick follow-up to this idea of bringing heavies into California, specifically the rail, the barge opportunities. Clearly some more associated costs with that element as well as the coal railcars is bit of an issue. But wondered how we should think about ultimately the cost structure on that aspect. Clearly the 12 to 16 of rail Bakken to Washington makes sense, but where does that go and even if you are able to pride up some sort of order of magnitude, where does that go and actually bring in those heavies from Canada into California?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, so you saw Atlanta in the supply chain. Clearly cost can move with time too as we do out the solution. So I think youve got to see those discounts on the heavy, for instance, enough to offset that transportation, provide the quality differential and the incentive to run. So I still think its in that range. Youve seen the WCS discount move out here recently, but I think that for Canadian crude its probably still one of the further destination. So I think that just still continues to play in, but youve got to see a significant discount to make that move that way, the transportation.
Cory J. Garcia: Okay. So were talking probably $20 plus type of discounts to be able to make it
Greg C. Garland: It certainly works at that, yeah.
Cory J. Garcia: Okay, okay. And then, the Ferndale unloading facility that you guys are constructing, I guess, still in the permitting phase. Would that be a sole purpose for that thing or finally are you guys looking at expanding that into sort of a barge opportunity as well?
Greg C. Garland: So once it gets to Ferndale, certainly can support that operation, but then we have the opportunity to do barge as well or some of the vessel movement down the Coast if that made sense.
Cory J. Garcia: Okay. So well have a multipurpose flexibility to it. Perfect. Thank you, guys
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue. Ill turn the call back over.
C. Clayton Reasor: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate the interest. You can find the transcript of the presentation, also the Q&A. And certainly Rosy and I are available for any further follow-up questions. Thank you for the interest in the company.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I will be your operator for todays call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only-mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
C. Clayton Reasor: Thanks, John. Good morning, welcome to the Phillips 66 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me this morning are Greg Garland, our Chairman and CEO; our CFO, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Tim Taylor. The presentation material well be using this morning can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental, financial, and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from todays comments. Factors that could cause these results to differ are included here on the second page, as well as in our filings with the SEC. This slide also contains a reminder that any comments we make regarding the formation of an MPL are not in offer of securities. So that said, Ill turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening comments. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. We are off to a good start, strong performance in 2012, we have solid financial and operating results and we continue to deliver on the commitments that we set out to achieve when Phillips 66 was created. We believe that our differentiated portfolio has allowed us to capture a number of market opportunities across the value chain resulting in significant cash generation and shareholder value creation. Im really pleased what our employees have been able to accomplish; theyve executed the spin flawlessly, they stood the company up, theyve operated well, and theyve managed to keep safety as the top priority. Weve had a strong track record of operating excellence and when we talk about that operating excellence is personal safety, its process safety, its environmental excellence, its reliability, its cost management. This year was no exception. We turn it one of the best years ever and Phillips 66 remains a leader in operations excellence. That said, there is always room for improvement, the goal is zero instance, and our facilities continue to reduce costs, improve our reliability in our environmental footprint. Late last year, we announced our intent to form a Master Limited Partnership, which we expect will help highlight the value of our transportation logistics in midstream businesses. We also serve as an efficient vehicle for funding growth investments in these areas. We also expect to start taking delivery of the first group of our 2000 newly constructed railcars in early February. In January, weve entered into a five-year transportation logistics contract with global partners to move about 90 million barrels of Bakken crude to our Bayway Refinery. This agreement provides a reliable, long-term alternative to more expensive Brent-priced crudes. On the marine side weve taken delivery of one of two Jones Act vessels that we chartered. So all these steps support our plan to put advantage crudes to the front-end of our refineries, weve got ways to continue to accelerate advantage crude capture. We completely backed out imports of U.S. light sweet crude in the Gulf Coast. But we are also taking additional steps to enhance our returns. Were going to remain very disciplined, and our approach to capital spending, well continue to reduce cost, well push yields and well continue to increase our export ability. Product exports played a larger role in our result this year than last year as market opportunities opened up to us internationally. December was a record month for us in terms of exports. We had over 180,000 barrels of day of exports in the month of December. Regarding distributions, we said that we intend to return capital to our shareholders. Weve raised the divided 56% to $1.25 and weve announced $2 billion to share repurchases. In 2012, we bought over 7 million shares for about $350 million. Late last year, we paid down $1 billion of debt, this further strengthens our financial flexibility, it reduces risk and our debt to cap is now 25% at year end. So now Im going to hand the conversation over to Greg Maxwell, who will take you through the quarterly results. Greg?
Greg G. Maxwell: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone. During the quarter, we ran well, we benefited from strong refining and chemical margins, and we processed more advanced crudes in our domestic refineries and this enabled us to increase our realized refining crack spreads moving our market capture to 95% in the fourth quarter and this is up from 72% last year. On the earnings front, our reported earnings were $708 million or a $1.11 per share. Excluding approximately $600 million in special items, adjusted earnings were $1.3 billion or $2.06 a share. On an adjusted basis, earnings for the quarter were up almost 250% compared to last year. If we exclude changes in working capital, cash flow from operations for the quarter was $1.7 billion. Our cash flow generation enabled us to fund our capital program, pay over a $150 million in dividends, and repurchase $245 million of common stock during the quarter. And as Greg mentioned, we reduced our debt by $1 billion from $8 billion to $7 billion and as you will see on a later slide we ended the year with a cash balance of $3.5 billion. On an adjusted basis, our full year 2012 return on capital employed was 22%. Thats up from 14% in 2011, and this improvement was mainly due to higher earnings in our Refining and Marketing and Chemical segments. Before we leave this slide, I would like to touch on a few key items this quarter. First, the special items of approximately $600 million included $564 million for the impairment of our equity investment in the Morocco refinery. This impairment was based on significantly lower estimated future refining margins in the region, driven primarily by expected increases in future crude oil pricing over the long-term. As such, we determine that the fair value of our investment in Morocco was lower than our carrying value and that this loss in value was other than temporary. Second, excluding special items, our adjusted effective tax rate was 29% this quarter compared to 33% last quarter. The decrease in the effective tax rate is mainly due to income mix and different statutory tax rates across the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. In other words, compared to last quarter, a higher proportion of our earnings this quarter were from foreign jurisdictions with relatively lower tax rates. The next slide provides a high level look at our fourth quarter adjusted earnings. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2011, our adjusted earnings increased by over $900 million to $1.3 billion. As shown, Refining and Marketing generated $1.1 billion in adjusted earnings, and this excludes the impact of the Morocco refinery impairment, as well as Hurricane Sandy related costs, which primarily impacted our Bayway refinery along with some nearby terminals. The majority of the $900 million improvement in R&M segment came from much stronger refining margins due largely to improve market crack spreads and strong feedstock advantages. Moving next to Midstream, Midstream adjusted earnings were $62 million, about $50 million lower than last year. This decline in earnings primarily reflects the impact of lower NGL prices quarter-over-quarter. Chemicals earnings were $246 million, which were approximately $100 million higher than the corresponding quarter of 2011, and this is mainly due to higher margins especially in the Olefins & Polyolefins chain. Excluding repositioning costs in a corporate property impairment, corporate and other costs this quarter were $92 million. The cost bearings of $41 million is largely due to interest expense on debt associated with the repositioning that didnt exist in the same quarter last year. Ill cover each of these operating segments in more detail later in the presentation. Our fourth quarter cash flow is shown on slide 6. During the quarter, we generated $1.7 billion in cash from operations, excluding working capital. Changes in working capital negatively impacted cash flow by $400 million with a net change primarily due to tax payments. As shown on the chart, we paid down $1 billion of debt. We also funded $900 million of capital expenditures and investments that includes approximately $500 million for our investments in the Sand Hills and Southern Hills pipelines that are being constructed by DCP Midstream. And during the quarter, weve returned $400 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. In summary, during the quarter, we generated sufficient cash to fund our capital program along with our dividend and share repurchase programs. and with the $1 billion debt repayment, we took our cash balance down to $3.5 billion at year-end. As for our capital structure on Slide 11, our equity has increased almost $2 billion since the second quarter and debt is decreased by $1 billion. This has enabled us to reduce our debt to capital ratio to the middle of our targeted range of 20% to 30%, and taking into account our $3.5 billion ending cash balance, our net debt to capital ratio is 14%. Next we will cover each of our operating segments in more details, starting with refining and marketing on Slide 8. In refining and marketing, our refining realized margin was $13.67 per barrel with a global crude utilization rate of 91% and a clean product yield of 83%. Our utilization rate was negatively impacted by turnarounds at the Wood River, Borger, and Los Angeles refineries, as well as Hurricane Sandy related unplanned downtime at our Bayway refinery. During the quarter, we continued our efforts to run more advantaged crudes, the 67% of our U.S. crude slightly in advantage, and this compares to 57% in the fourth quarter of last year. Our return on capital employed for the R&M segment, which includes over $3 billion in goodwill improved to 22% this year and this is up from the 12% return that we had in 2011. Slide 9 provides more detail on Refining and Marketings earnings. Adjusted earnings for R&M was $1.1 billion this quarter, and this is up $927 million from a year ago, reflecting improvements in all of our regions, especially in the Gulf Coast and Central Corridor region. Marketing, Specialties and Others were also up driven largely by our international operations. The earnings of all four of our refining regions increased primarily due to improved refining margins. The improvements in refining margins, reflects not only higher market crack spreads, but also an improved feedstock advantage especially in the Gulf Coast, in the Central Corridor regions. The improvements in feedstock advantage increased earnings in the Gulf Coast by over $200 million and by over $100 million in the Central Corridor. Finally, other refining was up this quarter compared to last year, primarily due to movements of Canadian crude supply to several of our refineries. As we move on to marketing specialties and other, the U.S. was down by $2 million, primarily due to higher taxes and costs and this was partially offset by higher U.S. marketing margins. Internationally, MSO was up $40 million, mainly as a result of higher margins. The next few slides highlight our performance in refining and provides more detail on marketing specialties and other. On slide 10, you can see refinings adjusted earnings increased almost $900 million compared to a year ago. Improved margins were the key driver with higher market cracks and greater feedstock advantages, being partially offset by inventory impacts. The inventory impacts were largely driven by gains recognized in 2011 that were tied to asset sales and shutdowns. Lower volumes negatively impacted earnings by $42 million, mainly in the Atlantic basin and the Central Corridor regions, reflecting unplanned downtime due to Hurricane Sandy and plant turnarounds. Operating costs were up slightly reflecting higher utilities and maintenance cost. The other category includes positive earnings impacts from lower effective tax rates, primarily due to income mix and federal tax adjustments. Now lets take a look at our market capture shown on slide 11. On this slide, we compare the global market crack with our realized crack spreads. Our realized margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $13.67 per barrel, and this resulted in a market capture of 95%. This is quite a bit higher than the 74% that weve achieved over the last four years. At a high level, market capture in the fourth quarter was exceptional as feedstock advantages, product differentials, and volume gains largely offset the negative impacts associated with the lower valued secondary products. Lets walk through the details on the slide. The $0.58 configuration adjustment reflects the fact that our claim product yield of 83% is less than the 100% assumed in the market crack. The negative configuration impact was improved this quarter largely due to our strong distillate production, coupled with healthy distillate prices. The $5.64 per barrel reduction related to the secondary products reflects the fact that these products attracted the sales price that on average were lower than the cost of our benchmark crudes. The positive $3.69 per barrel adjustment per feedstocks stems from running certain crudes and other feedstocks that are priced lower than our benchmark crudes. For example, our feedstock advantage this quarter was primarily related to running for an heavy-sour crudes at our Gulf Coast refineries and Canadian crudes in our refineries in the Central Corridor. In addition, our crude slate is increased to include more shale crudes, primarily Bakken and Eagle. Finally, the other category primarily reflects the impacts of volume gain and product differentials. Slide 12 shows the percentage of advantaged crude runs at our refineries, as well as clean product yields for 2011 and 2012. Many of our refineries have the complexity to run price advantage, Canadian, Bakken and Eagle Ford crudes. Shale crudes are being run in all four of our refinery regions and in addition, we have access to multiple transportation systems to reliably deliver these crudes to our U.S. refineries providing an overall competitive advantage. For the year, our U.S. advantage crude slate increased from 52% in 2011 to 62% this year, and for the month of December, this average was up to 70%. We will discuss Marketing, Specialties and Other or MSO on the next slide. MSO generated adjusted earnings of $180 million, which is $38 million higher than the same quarter last year. As shown on the slide, higher margins were the main driver for the increase, making up almost $90 million in variance. Margins improved primarily due to better market conditions and favorable inventory impacts this quarter. Volumes decreased $26 million quarter-over-quarter primarily due to reduced production at our Immingham power plant in the UK as well as lower U.S. marketing volumes, primarily due to lower demand. Volumes were also lower due to downtime at the border refining. Operating cost increased $20 million in the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher environmental and legal costs. Slide 14 shows our per barrel metrics. Refining and marketing income per barrel increase this quarter to $4.12 per barrel versus $0.59 a barrel a year ago, with cash contributions of $5 per barrel, up $3.57 compared to the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, R&Ms income per barrel was $4.28 and this is up $1.95 compared to 2011. This completes our review of the Refining and Marketing business segment. Next, well move to the Midstream segment. Our Midstream segment had lower equity earnings from DCP Midstream, largely driven by depressed NGL prices. NGL prices were down 36% compared to last year. Although down compared to 2011, return on capital employed for the year was still strong at 22%. We ended the quarter with $1.3 billion in capital employed in our Midstream segment. And as I said earlier, during the fourth quarter we closed our investments in the Sand Hills and the Southern Hills pipelines that are being constructed by DCP Midstream, and these pipes are scheduled for startup this year. Slide 16 shows a Midstreams adjusted earnings of $62 million, includes $38 million in earnings associated with our interest in DCP Midstream and $24 million for our other Midstream businesses. The next slide provides additional earnings detail for both DCP Midstream and our other Midstream earnings. As shown on the top portion of this slide, earnings associated with our interest in DCP decreased by $21 million this quarter due primarily to lower NGL prices. This was partially offset by a reduction in the depreciation expense that is tied to an overall increase in the remaining useful lives of DCPs assets that was implemented in the second quarter of this year. Our other Midstream business was down $30 million primarily driven by positive inventory impacts in 2011 along with higher taxes. On the next slide well move on to the discussion of our Chemical segment. Our Chemical segment had another solid quarter providing earnings of $246 million. Overall, CPChem achieved a 90% capacity utilization rate and its O&P segment in the fourth quarter. This was down somewhat from the third quarter due to unplanned downtime at the Saudi Polymers petrochemical facility. If we exclude this downtime in SPCo, CPChems utilization rate was near capacity for the quarter. 2012 return on capital employed from our Chemicals segment increased to 31%. This is up form 28% last year and we ended the quarter with $3.6 billion in capital employed. As shown on slide 19, fourth quarter earnings increased by $98 million compared to the same period last year. This increase in earning was primarily in Olefins and Polyolefins due to stronger chain margins. The drivers for this increase was primarily from reduced feedstock cost due to higher industry ethane and propane inventories, as well as continued strong demand for ethylene derivatives. Looking at CPChems operating segments on the next slide, Olefins and Polyolefins generated earnings of $216 million in the fourth quarter. This $97 million increase was due primarily from higher olefins, polyolefins chain margins, partially offset by higher operating costs. In addition quarter-over-quarter marketed sales volumes in O&P were up 8%. Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics earnings increased by 73% compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher benzene earnings. This concludes our discussion of the financial and operating results for the fourth quarter. Next, Id like to provide a few outlook items for the first quarter. In Refining and Marketing, for the first quarter we expect our global utilization rate to be in the low 90s, and our pretax turnaround expense to be approximately $100 million. In Midstream, we expect our additional direct investments in the Sand Hills and the Southern Hills pipelines to be approximately $120 million in the first quarter. In Chemicals, although there were some initial unplanned downtime with Saudi Polymers, petrochemical complex, it is now up and running. Under normal operations, we expect SPCo to return roughly a $175 million to $225 million per year to CPChem with our share being 50%. Corporate and other costs are expected to be about $40 billion a month on an aftertax basis or approximately $120 million for the quarter. And this includes aftertax net interest expense of about $40 million. As for the Companys effective tax rate, we expect the rate to be in the low 30s for the quarter. Regarding share repurchases, we plan to complete the initial $1 billion of repurchases in 2013, and initiate the second billion dollar tranche prior to the end of the year. Well continue to keep you advised on the status of our repurchase program on quarterly earnings calls. With regard to our recently announced MLP, we are still on track with our plans to file the S1 with the SEC by early in the second quarter. Finally, starting with the first quarter earnings call, well provide you with updates on our Optimize 66 initiative, recall that this initiative includes capturing $200 million in pretax cost savings compared to what the costs would have been without implementation of this initiative. This concludes our guidance for the first quarter. With that, well now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake: Hey, good morning and congratulations on a strong quarter. I guess, there is a lot of focus on all the crude thats coming down into the gulf and obviously youve got three refineries down there. Sweeny looks like well positioned, but can you comment on maybe two aspects; one, what is  as you look at the market that sort of incremental costs or any constraints on moving crude from say the bottom of seaway to Lake Charles and then along to Alliance. And then the second question is, as we look at tanker rates that are rising rapidly for Jones Act ships. Can you comment a little bit on how its so secure low cost shipping access to from the Gulf to Bayway? Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Well, thanks Ed. Good morning. So let me add a couple of generic comments and Ill let Tim go in some of the details around that. So weve backed out all likes we proved important into the Gulf Coast. One of the reasons we took the Jones Act vessels is we thought that was an opportunity. We want to move quickly, there is very few of those vessels that are available. And with the idea really taking Eagle Ford volumes from corporate around to Haynes and coming in through loop system and then going on around the Bayway. So I mean, that was the basic premises we acquired those vessels for. Right, there is very few of those out there. They are difficult to attain. We think there is probably 32 or so vessels that are in service today, that are available to do this, most of them are taken or chart. So Tim, I know you will fill-in a little more color on that.
Timothy G. Taylor: Ed, as far as the crude movements along the Gulf Coast, still primarily for us, its marine particularly at this point. The pipeline capacity going east is going to improve [Ho-Ho] and youve got the real facilities at St. James, but for us the primary mode that weve used to increase the shale runs has been through marine movements, primarily out of South Texas to the three Gulf Coast refineries.
Edward G. Westlake: Thats very helpful. And then just my second question on the ethane crackers, youve got some negative chat thats just coming out of the Gulf on execution issues, are there any updates in terms of the cost study that you have done for that cracker and potential timing?
Greg C. Garland: I would say that we are on track for the cracker, Ed. We will take FID this year yet on that facility. We are continuing to prosecute the engineering long lead items on that. We are moving the permitting process forward and we will take FID on that. So the cost, we will see as we finish up kind of our pre-engineering if you will on that, where they come in, but we are still thinking its around the $5 billion range. We have talked a lot about we think if there is four to five grassroots crackers build, we are concerned about execution capability for the contracting community, are there enough welders, pipe fitters, electricians etcetera to execute all of these projects. So one of the reasons we want to be first in the queue is get the jump on that and make sure that we get our pick of the very best people in the industry to execute the project for us.
Edward G. Westlake: Thanks very much and well done again.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kate Minyard from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kate Minyard: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a quick question on the crude slate that you are running, can you talk about whether there were any practical or logistical limitations within the refining system to how much sweet versus how much heavy crude you can run? I mean, what your flexibility parameters are there?
Greg C. Garland: Okay. We can certainly do that. Kate, good morning, thanks. So we can run about 350 a day in the Gulf Coast of light sweet crude, and we can push the limits of that, its Sweeny primarily a heavier refinery we can run I guess on our 60th day of light sweet there. Weve looked at running off sweet at that facility, and we would have to derate the facility by about 20% or so. We know what the investment is to correct that is by less than $50 million, its Sweeny for us, so well look at that and watch that. But as you think about the opportunities that, you cant take that as a generic across the entire refining system, because refineries are different, they can figure differently, and so thats just one specific example for Sweeny. But without question, I think were up about a 130 a day of shale pipe crudes that weve run, its primarily Eagle Ford or with some Bakken coming in. And currently as we start taking delivery the 2000 railcars with the global deal, were going to move more Bakken, East and West primarily Bayway and our Ferndale refineries, as we try to accelerate the advantage crude capture. We think we have quite a bit of room left to run in terms of accelerating advantage crude capture around our refineries.
Kate Minyard: Okay. And then just another question on exports. When you look at the export opportunity and the growth in export, are your exported volumes actually enabling you to capture higher prices than youd get in the domestic market, or is it simply the fact that you are able to  is it a volume uplift, and thats where the benefit from export is coming from, or is it a mix of both?
Greg C. Garland: Well, its both. Its really the volumes going to or allow us to run higher operating rates, but weve made 47% more net income exporting this year than we did last year those prices were better in the international market. So it is a combination of both.
Kate Minyard: Okay, all right. Thanks very much.
Greg C. Garland: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Good morning and congratulations on great executions and spin-off everybody.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Doug.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson: My first question involved the comments that Greg Maxwell made a few minutes ago about the impairment at Malacca and specifically the report about the higher oil prices being envisioned in the region meaning. Were there some type of crude oil procurement arrangement that lapsed over the  within context of a margin outlook or did I miss here. So could you just elaborate on or clarify about what you talked about there Greg?
Timothy G. Taylor: Doug, this is Tim. I may comment on that.
Doug Terreson: Okay.
Timothy G. Taylor: I look at it as really the fact that a) demand in Asia is growing.
Doug Terreson: Right.
Timothy G. Taylor: So you are putting pressure on both the light and medium grades, which fit that refinery in Malacca. And then youve had some effects posted only in Japan. So our fundamental view is that the demand picture in Asia has lowered those differentials, narrowed those differentials, and has brought that base crude price up. So its primarily a margin issue.
Doug Terreson: I see. And Tim, I may have  the next question maybe for you too. So product demand in North America and Europe was pretty poor last year. And it looks like there might have been a modest uptick during November and December. So of course, you guys have facilities in both areas, I want to see if you would provide your insight in the current product demand in the U.S. and in Europe, and whether or not you are seeing any improvement?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, I would say that basically demand still lackluster, but its certainly, not completely gone. Clearly, I think we still see flat to declining demand on gasoline distillate we expect to improve with the economy in North America. Europe, still relatively weak but based on our refining positions and the nature of our retail market in Central Europe and our Humber Refinery with its focus on specialty, weve really not seen that to be an issue for us.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bhardwaj: Hi, this is actually Mohit Bhardwaj for Faisel Khan. Ive got a question on the Gulf Coast crude runs, if you guys could just give us a color on as far as the light crudes were concerned, how much are below LLS benchmark those were priced, the crudes that run on the Gulf Coast and same for the heavy versus lighter? Thanks.
Timothy G. Taylor: This is Tim, again. So basically on the light crude coming out of South Texas, I think we would plan on say $5 to $8 a barrel advantage. we have seen LLS begin to move a bit as that supplies increased. So we think that that will continue to improve that crudes position or slate as well. And the light heavy differential, that was favorable in this quarter and we still think that that provide substantial uplift versus the light given our refining configuration.
Mohit Bhardwaj: And do you have an estimate on like in some of the other barrels that are just floating around at least in the fourth quarter versus mild, what the differential was on the heavy side?
Timothy G. Taylor: Now I really havent gotten too specifics of that. We buy a variety of those crudes and so were able to capture some of that differential that weve seen.
Greg C. Garland: There is limitations as to what we can disclose given the confidentiality club
Mohit Bhardwaj: Sure. Yeah, I understand it. Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey: Hi, everyone. I was just wondering further to your split and then the first analyst meeting that you had as a new company. Greg, what do you feel that the market understood well about the company from the analyst meeting or what do you think that was kind of misunderstood from the message you were trying to convey? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Paul. Well, so that we were pleased with the analyst meeting. In general I think we were consistent with what weve been communicating to the market in terms of our strategy around improving our returns, growing our higher return in faster growing businesses and mainstream and chemicals and really lying out of plan and strategy improve the base of returns on refining business through advantage crude capture reducing costs, driving yields and ultimately 400 basis point improvement in refining. So I think if there was a disappointment that they may have been around the MLP announcement and the fact that we couldnt talk about, it is as much as we would have like to or probably as much as you would have like for us to do. But we just reiterate, we think that thats the value creating proposition for Phillips 66 shareholders and well continue to prosecute thats a share and we finally get it done this year.
Paul B. Sankey: And when I think that the number was kind of $700 million of EBITDA that would be associated with that business whether or not that was at the high-end of the range, low end of the range or a reasonable number.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, I think weve said that we really cant say a whole lot about the EBITDA that we would consider putting in MLP until we get the S-1 filed. So just have to be patient on that one.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, I certainly understand. You got some stuff on NGLs around NGL pricing being so weak. Can you talk about  I know you have great sensitivities and stuff. But can you just remind us again, firstly, the sensitivities now and how they impact you positively or negatively? And secondly of how you expect that change over time.
Greg C. Garland: So first of all, since of the $0.01 a gallon and NGL price is about $4 million of net income back to us. So as you think across the midstream space, the chemical space, we are a net buyer of NGLs, so we are capturing that value in the chemical space. Long-term, we think that fundamentally, the midstream business is a good place to invest. We have got aggressive growth plans in there. I do think that we are going to be in for a period of Baltimore pricing in NGLs for the next four or five years, until the petrochemical facilities come up until the export facilities get build for the propane, butane, and heavier essentially. And so I think you have got this period of time that the demand side needs to kind of catch up, with the supply side in the midstream space, but I think the other thing you got to think about too is, what you are starting to see is because of the investment, because of the need to clear these new basins, a lot of the new investment is really evolving and moving to more fee based type contracts around this infrastructure. So what you are going to see is a reduced sensitivity longer term in the midstream space as there is more fee based assets put in service.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, that was kind of what I was driving at, so is there anyway you can quantify how that might shift your sensitivity, and in more specific timeframe, because obviously if you are talking about only 45 years of over supply, its kind of the worrying outlook.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah. You would expect the sensitivity to fall overtime in midstream.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah.
Greg G. Maxwell: But in the chemical side, it actually goes the other away as we increase the amount of ethane that we run.
Paul B. Sankey: I was just trying to be more specific and I was wondering if there was some sort of idea of how much was fee based and everything else and how shift overtime, the time in which we got down?
Greg C. Garland: I think we have talked about DCP having 70% of its contracts on a POP basis historically, and were shifting that to 40%.
Paul B. Sankey: 40%, yeah.
Timothy G. Taylor: So if you look at the new pipes were building whether its Sand Hills or Southern Hills, or some of the other projects were considering. As Greg said, those are free bays, so we wont have the exposure there. And traditionally I guess the gathering and processing business will be a PLP type, but that will be a smaller percentage of the total business. So whether or not that sensitivity is 50% of what it is today, five years from now or.
Greg C. Garland: Its a good question. But ultimately NGL prices are going to recover is our view and so, I think youre going to have a still kind of good mix of what I would call risk to commodity exposure in your national gas and your NGL prices and then the fee.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah.
Greg C. Garland: But I think where its exactly going off.
Paul B. Sankey: Good guidance around that.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Cooperative. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Dietert: Good morning.
Greg C. Garland: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff A. Dietert: You talked about product exports in your press release and having current capacity of 285,000 barrels a day going up to 370,000 by the end of the year. Could you talk about your fourth quarter product exports, what youre actually exporting in the fourth quarter and maybe how that compares to fourth quarter of the previous year?
Greg C. Garland: So in the fourth quarter, we were impacted a little bit with some of the hurricane effects, but overall exports were up to 108,000 in December and on average for the year, we were up slightly. So I see that as probably a growing area for us. I think December reflects what well see as the trend and I think the pricing incentives are there and certainly the run-rate incentive is there.
Jeff A. Dietert: Youve talked about, I guess such a incremental increase in export capacity of about 85,000 barrels a day, and youve talked about 20,000 of that being at Ferndale, the other 65,000 barrels a day, where do you see the opportunity for incremental exports.
Greg C. Garland: So really we still look at the Gulf Coast as really the region where we would see the logical place for export given proximity to markets, and the access. So the West Coast is going to be more incremental for us, but the primary bulk of that change will come in our three Gulf Coast refineries.
Jeff A. Dietert: Switching the topic to Sweeny, I guess your historical relationship with Seaway, I assume there is good access there, should we think about Sweeny feedstock making a step function improvement with this incremental phase, as Seaway come in online in the first quarter of 13.
Greg C. Garland: Today Sweeny on our light unit, we are running shale crudes today, and this is just about a question of which particular grades make the most sense from refinery. So I actually think Sweeny is in really good shape, and it really depends upon the economic substitution that we have for the heavier piece of the units. So youre right, Sweeny is in a great location, only from Seaway, but when you think about it very good access to South Texas crudes particularly the Eagle Ford crudes, and thats where the emphasis has been to this point.
Jeff A. Dietert: Thank you.
Greg C. Garland: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Good morning, guys.
Greg C. Garland: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio: You noted that youre backing out light sweet crude in the fourth quarter in the Gulf Coast and its only a matter of time for the Gulf Coast industry in making various midstream investments around that, I mean are you considering any consign splitter or hardware investment versus midstream taking advantage of that growing and impending a lot of light crude, and then somewhat related, I mean do you see your ship assets competing with rail, they are going to providing you just more option out of East Coast or do you see a high utilization or kind of purposeful or kind of both, what I would say, kind of more leased out assets?
Greg C. Garland: So, yeah  Id take in reverse order, we like the flexibility of rail and ship to move clearly, we think there is a cost advantage, and moving marine versus rail, but the opportunity to acquire, to transact vessels is limited, so thats one of the reasons we move quickly on these two ships that we took, and yes we would consider an investment, I think that wed want to see, where the spreads really go where LOS really ends up. Were still kind of quoting $2 to $3 a barrel differential on LOS, its not a big investment for us, but frankly we still have higher returning projects. We think we can invest in, but we wouldnt hesitate to make that investment if the economics wanted it, but weve got a lot of  I would say small quick type investments we can do in refining that are 30% and 40% return project, that youll see it too, that help push yields, drive cost down, and improve access. So youll see us do those things, but were not in a bit hurry to make an investment and condensate for them.
Greg G. Maxwell: We still have additional capacity to penetrate without that so thats our first priority and then, as we get beyond that point thats where I thing youll be able to think about it that we need to do something else in the process side. Yeah?
Evan Calio: Great, let me shift gears to some of those other projects on the chemical side, a few question, now you could help me with the potential EBITDA uplift based on assumed margin levels from Sweeny fractionation expansion this year? And secondly, help me understand better maybe this normal also Olefinss expansion project exceed volume kind of value add gentle impact there?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, go ahead.
Timothy G. Taylor: This is Tim. Its couple of comments on the Sweeny fraction, its a debottleneck and the real value comes from increased volume throughput at the fractionation that feeds the cracking complex there. But probably more importantly, it allows more ethane into the mix, and she capture value thats  its a relatively modest project in terms of capital of $100 million, and I would expect returns well above 20% on that. So incrementally its a very attractive project, its just not the same scale as you expect with the cracker.
Evan Calio: Sure.
Timothy G. Taylor: So makes a lot of sense. On the NAO the project there you think about, weve got the (inaudible) announced that separate from an announcement, thats a 250,000 ton increment. And what they are looking at with NAO is a debottleneck and expansion of the existing NAO unit there at [Shigar Valley] as well. So again not a major new derivatives complex, but really debottlenecking whats there on the NAO side, so similar, I would expect that to be similar to what we talk about with the frack.
Evan Calio: Similar side investment you mean?
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, and I doubt, thats all very preliminary. So I think its very early in that stage, but again its a relatively modest increase versus a major new plan.
Evan Calio: Maybe last if I could speak one more on just on rails to kind of get back to the piggyback refining. I mean I know you have 2000 railcars layering in number one, whats the kind of how we should we think about the delivery of that rail fleet, is it all general purpose on unique oil, and how do you think about in this kind of rail gold rush really, how do you consider translating investments around your systems drive optionality or is this a primarily at this juncture a Bakken, the East Coast to Bakken transit?
Greg C. Garland: Its a great question. So these are general purpose cars, although we will say that we are looking at coil steel cars to move Canadian heavy down to the West Coast in addition to this. So as you think about this, it was originally envisioned as a Bakken play to go east and west without question, where we are investing in the infrastructure is our refineries for unloading if you will and we are using third party access in the Bakken itself. I dont think we see the need to invest in terms of loading facilities in the Bakken at this point in time. And frankly, when I think about the railcars is, they can move over time as the opportunity moves, but our view is that the next five year window Bakken crudes will probably move a lot of it by rail on east and west.
Evan Calio: I agree. What do you think that permitting track is for California rail, thats going to take a long time, do you have any?
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, which, I knew the answer to that one. I think we are pushing in. I think there is some resistance giving the heavy nature of the crudes in the carbon footprint of crudes and AB32, a carbon cap-and-trade etcetera in California, but I think its an opportunity to certainly its worth of exploring.
Evan Calio: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks fellows. Good morning. Follow-up I guess on a couple of questions been asked, particularly on the West Coast of the Western Pacific to be more exact. If you look at your earnings now the full year is in, late last year youve had $84 million adjusted versus $3.5 billion for the whole system, this year it looks about $300 million on $5.2 billion for the whole system. Im just kind of curious as to strategically how youre thinking about that part of your business on a go-forward basis, given that it seems to be somewhat challenge if everything else is going on the portfolio, thats my first question and I have a follow-up please.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. Hi, Doug. So the West Coast well, we talked about Melaka, so I think we kind of answer the Melaka piece of it from a specific standpoint. Its not strategic for us non-core asset. California is a challenge place to operate, its high-cost environment, there is a lot of things coming at us in California. Its net income positive, its cash positive, and its single-digit returns. And so it doesnt fit the return profile that we see long-term in the business. So what are we doing? Were doing everything we can to improve it. So its looking at our costs, its looking at our configuration, its looking how do we get advantage crudes into these refineries to improve and at same time, I would say were studying all options for California in terms of where do we go long-term with the California asset. I dont feel its a distress that, I dont think we have to move tomorrow on it, but also think that we want to take our time and be thoughtful and make sure that whatever we do in California creates value to our Phillips 66 shareholders.
Doug Leggate: Thanks for that. My follow-up is actually a related question, not to try and predict what happens next, but could you help us understand what kind of inventory you have tied up across the first two parts of the portfolio I guess Melaka and the West Coast? And maybe there has been a little bit of talk there about at some point in next few years, we might see some accounting changes as it relates to the accounting for  LIFO accounting for inventory. What kind of cash tax liability might you have, or what kind of cash could be released from inventory if you decided to put them on the monetization, I will leave it there? Thanks.
Greg C. Garland: Okay, Greg?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, Doug, this is Greg Maxwell. We watch this from an inventory perspective and look at the different pieces of legislation that are coming out. From a replacement cost perspective over and above what we have recorded on our books on the inventory level basis, its about  runs about $7.5 billion to $8 billion. And so one other things that we saw in the legislation that would be paid over a 10-year period is the latest we have seen on it. So basically you could look at the gain on that divided by 10 times, 35% sort of give you a rough estimate of what the cash taxes would be on an annual basis.
Doug Leggate: And if you choose to monetize your inventory not just on, can you quantify what that would be?
Greg C. Garland: Are you talking about just California?
Doug Leggate: Yeah
Greg C. Garland: Im sorry Doug. Im talking about the entire system. I dont think
Doug Leggate: Sure, sure. Im trying to think more like, what kind of value would be released, for example, you decided to go down to monetization on those assets?
Greg C. Garland: I guess if youre looking for kind of a broad number, we say 20% of it.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah.
Doug Leggate: Terrific. That sounds great, guys. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Yes, good morning. Congratulations on the results. I had a question for you on debt. Obviously, it was reduced by about $1 billion this quarter. As I understood the large portion of the debt balance actually contained a fairly low interest rate and that was one of the things I think at the initial analyst we had up in New York, you were grappling with Greg as far as, do you pay that down, or how did you manage the balance sheet going forward? Im just curious from here. Is your buyers do kind of leave the dead levels where they are, and just distribute the remaining amount to shareholders, or may be just build additional cash or any thoughts there appreciated.
Greg G. Maxwell: Right, thanks for the question. So we said at the Analyst Day that were going to pay down $2 billion of the debt, so were going to go from a $8 billion to $6 billion that takes us to about a 20%, which is a lower end of the range. Thats still, the plan is to pay down another $1 billion of the debt, theres no question its very attractive financing. But as we work, we always like to remind people what it is, always will be a volatile business. And thats life in the commodity business and we accept that, we think that we are comfortable operating that space. But I think you want to have a balance sheet that supports that. So it reduces risk for the company, in our view it creates capacity. Were not going to hesitate to lever back, that if we have to, to continue our plans, or pay dividends, or do the things that we need to do. And, but no question our view is that, the next couple of years midcycle margins are going to be evolved, historical midcycle margins I think, were going to have cash optionality. So I think, youll see us one pay a dividend, continue to increase that dividend, youll see us then use excess cash to take in shares and we arent going to take specials off the table.
Blake Fernandez: Great, thanks. And then second one was really more I guess big picture capital allocation oriented, but as I look at the return on the capital employed in your slides, it looks like the R&M numbers moved up to 22%, which is equivalent to what you are getting in the midstream. I guess as you make decisions on allocating capital going forward, as I understood R&M was really going to be one of the smaller pieces of the portfolio going forward. Im just curious this is blowout and returns in the downstream kind of change that theory going forward?
Greg C. Garland: So my view is that, refining historically has been kind of a 10% to 12% business lets say. We think we have plans in place to advantage crude capture, yields, cost reduction, that we can move it 400 basis points. So its a 15% business going forward for us versus a 30% return business in Chemicals. And probably Midstream business 15% to 17% returns is kind of what were looking in fact. So, to the extent that we have 30% and 40% return projects in refining, were going to do those. I think, I mean we do get challenged by people all the time or we under investing in refining. At this point, we dont think so. I dont think theres any opportunities out there, we feel that weve missed in terms of an investment opportunity in the refining space. Our focus is going to be very disciplined. Were going to restrict capital in this space. Were going to improve returns in this space. And so we dont see a change required in our strategy at this point in time.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Greg C. Garland: Great, thanks. Well, we appreciate the interest in the company and the questions. And if there are follow-up questions, obviously Rosy and I are available to handle those. And you can find this information and a transcript of the call on our website in the near future. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ken, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only-mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you, Ken. Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66 third quarter conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company. Before we get started, we wanted to share our concern about those hurt by Hurricane Sandy. Many of our employees, shareholders, customers, and friends were impacted by this devastating storm. And we are supportive of efforts being made to help get lives back to normal. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. Joining me this morning are Tim Taylor, EVP, Commercial, Transportation, Business Development, and Marketing as well as Greg Maxwell, Executive Vice President, Finance and our CFO. We'll give you details about our third quarter financial results provide some guidance about the fourth quarter and communicate our plans for growth and enhancing returns, which allow us to increase future distributions to shareholders. The presentation material we will use this morning can be found on the Investor Relations section of Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial, and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. Its a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments and factors that could cause our actual results to differ are included here on the second page, as well as in our filings with the SEC. So, that said, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Greg Maxwell to take you through our third quarter results. Greg?
Greg Maxwell: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning everyone. I'll start on slide three with some highlights for the third quarter. Our reported earnings were $1.6 billion or $2.51 per share. Excluding approximately $300 million in special items largely related to impairments, our adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion or $2.97 a share. Excluding special items, our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed is 21%, which is up from 18% in the second quarter with cash from operations coming in at $1.9 billion. Consistent with our stated intent to return capital to our shareholders, we commenced our share repurchase plan in August, purchasing over $100 million of common stock during the quarter and we also paid $125 million in dividends. Now, let's turn to slide four for a high-level look at our third quarter adjusted earnings. Compared to the third quarter of 2011 our adjusted earnings increased by $369 million. Starting from the left side of the slide, Refining and Marketing generated $1.7 billion in earnings with the majority of the $400 million improvement driven by much stronger refining margins due largely by improved crack spreads. Midstream earnings were $56 million, which excludes the $133 million special item related to the impairment of our 25% ownership interest in the Rockies Express Pipeline. On an adjusted basis, Midstream earnings were approximately $60 million lower than last year and this decline in earnings reflects reduction in equity earnings from DCP Midstream driven primarily by lower NGL prices. Chemicals earnings of $275 million, which excludes $122 million of special items primarily associated with CPChem's early retirement of $400 million of debt along with some asset impairments. Adjusted earnings were approximately $80 million higher than the corresponding quarter of 2011 and this was mainly due to higher margins and lower utility costs. I will cover each of these operating segments in more detail later in the presentation. Excluding $13 million of repositioning costs, corporate and other costs this quarter were $112 million. The negative $65 million variance is largely due to higher interest expense on debt that was not in place last year prior to the spin. Now lets take a look at cash flow for the third quarter as shown on slide five. During the quarter we generated $1.9 billion in cash from operations including $200 million of positive impacts from net working capital changes. As noted on the slide we funded $300 million for our capital program primarily Refining and Marketing related and returned more than $200 million to the shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends. Our cash balance increased by $1.3 billion resulting in $4.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the third quarter. Now lets turn to slide six for a look at our capital structure and our returns. We ended the third quarter with $21 billion in equity and $8 billion of debt resulting in a debt to capital ratio of 28%, which is 2% lower than last quarter. Taking into account our $4.4 billion ending cash balance, our net debt to capital ratio was 15%. On an adjusted basis our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed was 21%, this is up from 14% in 2011. This improvement was driven primarily by higher refining  higher earnings in our Refining and Marketing and Chemicals segments. We ended the quarter with $29 billion in capital employed, up $2 billion compared to the second quarter. 74% of our capital employed was R&M related, down from 76% in the second quarter. Next well cover each of our operating segments in more detail starting with Refining and Marketing on slide seven. In R&M we ran very well in a strong margin environment. Globally, we ran at a 96% utilization rate despite our Alliance refinery being down for approximately three weeks related to the impact of Hurricane Isaac and our clean product yield was 83%. As part of our ongoing strategy to enhance returns, we are taking steps to process more North American advantaged crudes. During the third quarter 63% of our U.S. crude slate was advantaged and this was up from an average of 61% for the first three quarters of the year. Marketing margins were lower this quarter and we will cover this in more detail later in the webcast. Our refining realized margin was $17.05 per barrel and our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed improved to 22%. Lets now turn to slide eight where we will cover adjusted earnings for Refining and Marketing. Earnings for R&M were $1.7 billion this quarter. This is up from $1.3 billion a year ago reflecting significant improvements in our Atlantic Basin in Europe and Central Corridor regions, partially offset by lower earnings from Marketing, Specialties and Other or as we refer to as MSO. In the Atlantic Basin region earnings increased due to improved refining margins and lower controllable costs. Margins improved largely as a result of higher crack spreads, while controllable costs for lower primarily due to the Trainer and Wilhelmshaven refineries no longer being in our portfolio. Gulf Coast earnings were up slightly due to high refining margins as market cracks were partially offset by lower product differentials and lower secondary product realizations. The Central Corridor improved significantly this quarter due to higher refining margins reflecting our advantaged feedstock position in the region as the WTI, WCS differential widened. And we had increased the amount of our sour crude processed at the Wood River and Ponca City refineries. The Western Pacific regions earnings were higher this quarter compared to a year ago primary due to higher refining margins. U.S. Marketing, Specialties and Other was down by $95 million. This is primarily due to lower margins and the negative impact associated with Hurricane Isaac. And internationally MSO was down $60 million mainly as a result of lower margins. The next few slides highlight our performance in Refining and provide more detail on MSO. So, now turning to slide nine, Refinings adjusted earnings increased over $500 million compared to a year ago, improved margins were the key driver with higher market cracks and higher feedstock advantages being partially offset by less favorable product differentials and secondary products. Earnings were up $55 million as a result of higher volumes, mainly in the Central Corridor where we were able to take advantage of lower cost crudes. And we also have lower operating costs largely due to no longer having the Trainer and Wilhelmshaven refineries in our portfolio. Lets now take a look at our market capture shown on slide 10. Here we look at our global market and realized crack spreads. The market crack was very strong this quarter and we captured nearly 80% of the market crack, up nearly 10% form the second quarter. Our realized margin for the quarter was over $17 per barrel and we capitalized on these favorable margins by operating well with 96% utilization rate. As I mentioned earlier our actual claim product yield for the quarter was 83%, which results in the $3.42 adjustment shown on the slide. The $5.39 per barrel reduction related to secondary products reflects the fact that the non-clean products we produced attracted a sales price which on average was lower than the cost of our benchmark crudes. The positive $4.82 per barrel for feedstocks stems from crudes and other feedstocks that are priced lower than our benchmark crudes. Our feedstock advantage this quarter was primarily related to the Canadian heavy and foreign sour crudes that we processed as well as increased shale and WTI-based crudes on the Gulf Coast. Finally, the other category primarily reflects the impact of product differentials. You will see in the appendix that we've also included updated market indicator crack spreads for each of our regions. So, moving on to slide 11, this slide shows that during the year we've increased advantaged crude runs at our refineries while also improving our clean product yield. Many of our refineries have the complexity to run advantaged Canadian crudes and we have access to multiple transportation systems to reliably deliver these crudes to our U.S. refineries resulting in an overall competitive advantage. U.S. advantaged curdes increased from 52% last year to 61% year-to-date in 2012. This was primarily driven on increasing Canadian heavy crudes as well as domestic WTI price linked streams including an increase in the amount of shale crudes that we processed. Please note that the bar graph on the left has been updated from what we shared with you last quarter as we are now providing additional detail on different types if U.S. crude slates that we run. Now moving on to slide 12, Marketing, Specialties and Other generated earnings of $95 million, thats $154 million lower than the same quarter last year. As shown on the slide, lower margins were the main driver for the decrease accounting for approximately $130 million of the variance. We saw large swings quarter versus quarter as we had gains last year related to inventory management compared with losses this year. Also impacting margins were product prices rising more sharply this year compared to last year tied mainly to the impact or the impacts from Hurricane Isaac and lower gasoline exports. Volumes decreased over $30 million quarter-over-quarter primarily due to reduced volumes resulting from a weaker power market, planned maintenance internationally and from Hurricane Isaac domestically. Other includes favorable foreign exchange impacts. Year-to-date MSO has generated earnings of over $500 million, which is in line with year-to-date earnings that we showed for 2011. Slide 13 shows our per barrel metrics. Refining and Marketings income per barrel improved this quarter to $6.37 per barrel with cash contributions of $7.21 per barrel. This now completes our review of the Refining and Marketing business segment. Next, well move to the Midstream segment beginning on slide 14. Our Midstream segment was impacted this quarter by reduced equity earnings from DCP Midstream largely driven by depressed NGL prices as quarter-over-quarter prices were down 42%. Year-to-date, our annualized return on capital employed was 28%, down slightly from the high of 30% in 2011. We ended the quarter with $800 million in capital employed in our Midstream segment. As mentioned earlier, during the quarter, reported earnings were negatively impacted by approximately $133 million associated with the after-tax non-cash impairment of our equity investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline. As we move to slide 15, Midstream's adjusted earnings of $56 million were comprised of $39 million in earnings associated with our interest in DCP Midstream, and $17 million from our other midstream businesses. The next slide provides additional variance explanations for both DCP Midstream and other midstream earnings. As shown on the top portion of this slide, earnings associated with our interest in DCP Midstream decreased by $48 million this quarter, mainly due to DCP's exposure to NGL prices. This was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation expense that is attributable to an overall increase in the remaining useful lives of DCP's assets that was implemented last quarter. Our other midstream businesses were down $14 million driven in part due to inventory impacts. Shifting now to discussion of our Chemicals segment, please turn to slide 17. Our Chemicals segment consists of our 50% equity interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company or CPChem. CPChem had another great quarter providing equity earnings of $275 million. CPChem achieved a 97% capacity utilization rate in its olefins and polyolefins segment allowing it to capture the cost advantages in the North American and Middle Eastern ethylene and derivatives markets. Year-to-date annualized after-tax return on capital employed for our Chemicals segment increased from 31%, and this is up from 28% last year and we ended the quarter with $3.6 billion in capital employed. Special items for the quarter included a $122 million for losses associated with CPChem's early debt retirement and impairment of fixed assets, along with an increase in deferred tax liabilities related to the Phillips 66 spin from ConocoPhillips. The next couple of slides provide more detail on the Chemicals segment earnings. Turning to slide 18, this quarter adjusted earnings increased by $82 million compared to the same period last year. The increase in earnings was primarily in olefins and polyolefins due to stronger chain margins. This was primarily attributed to reduce feedstock cost due to higher industry ethane inventories as well as continued strong demand for derivatives. Additionally, CPChem's operations continued to benefit from lower utility costs stemming from low natural gas prices. Slide 19 provides additional details on CPChem's operating segments. In the top part of the chart, olefins and polyolefins generated equity earnings of $225 million in the third quarter. As previously mentioned, the $63 million was due primarily from higher olefins, polyolefins chain margins and lower utility costs as a result of reduced natural gas prices. Equity earnings from Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics increased by $4 million compared to the same period last year. This was mainly due to higher equity earnings from Saudi Chevron Phillips driven primarily by higher sales volumes and margins. This concludes our discussion of the financial and operating results for the quarter. Next, I will provide you with some outlook items for the fourth quarter. As shown on slide 20, I want to start by providing an update on our Northeast operations, where we have the Bayway refinery located in Linden, New Jersey and three storage terminals in the New York, New Jersey area. As you know, Hurricane Sandy made landfall in the Northeast on Monday evening. Prior to the storm, we safely idled the refinery and shutdown the terminals as a precautionary measure. There was some flooding in low-lying areas of the refinery, but floodwaters have since receded, and as of this morning, power has been restored at Bayway. We are currently assessing the condition of the assets and a decision on resuming the operations will be made once this assessment is complete. So, from an outlook perspective, for the fourth quarter, in Refining and Marketing, assuming Bayway is running, we expect our global utilization rate to be in the low 90s and our pre-tax turnaround expenses to be approximately $100 million. Scheduled maintenance, the scheduled maintenance turnarounds at the Wood River, Borger, and LA refineries are currently underway and are proceeding as planned with return to normal operations expected in November. In Midstream, as we noted in our earnings release, we expect to acquire an interest in two NGL pipelines currently being constructed by DCP Midstream. And Tim will talk about this more later in his remarks. This investment will increase our total capital investments by an estimated $700 million to $800 million over the 2012 and 2013 time periods. Excluding the pipeline expenditures, total capital expense for the year is estimated at $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion. In Chemicals distributions resumed in the fourth quarter after the completion of CPChem's debt repayment program. Corporate and other is expected to be a cost of about $40 million per month or approximately $120 million for the quarter and this includes after-tax net interest expense of about $50 million. In October, our Board of Directors declared a $0.25 per share dividend payable in the fourth quarter. This 25% dividend increase along with our $1 billion share repurchase plan is part of our strategy to return capital to our shareholders. We expect to complete the share repurchase program by the end of 2013. We can now turn to slide 21, and I'll hand the call over to Tim Taylor to take you through an update on how we are advancing our strategic initiatives. Tim?
Tim Taylor: Thanks, Greg. We continued to execute our strategy of enhancing returns, delivering growth, and increasing shareholder distributions. In Refining and Marketing, we are improving margins, enhancing returns by increasing runs, advantaged feedstocks and increasing refined product export capability. In order to supply higher quality, lower cost crude to our refineries, we are improving our logistics infrastructure and developing new sources of crude supply. For example, we are delivering 30,000 to 40,000 barrels per day of advantaged crude to our Bayway refinery by rail. We are also ramping up deliveries of locally produced Mississippian line crude into our Ponca City refinery via pipeline and truck. We expect to receive up to an additional 50,000 barrels per day of this high-quality crude in the Ponca City by the end of 2013. We have also reached agreement with Kinder Morgan to deliver up to 30,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude via a new pipeline connection to our Sweeny refinery in early 2014. All-in-all, by mid 2014, these actions along with others that we are taking are expected to increase our access to advantaged crudes by about 165,000 barrels per day across our domestic refining system. This represents about 9% of our U.S. refining capacity. We also continued to increase clean product export capability through low-cost capital investments in order to meet growing international demand. As part of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts, we have been evaluating the potential disposition of the 1.2-gigawatt Immingham Combined Heat and Power Plant in North Lincolnshire, England which is adjacent to our Humber refinery. The marketing period could last several months and we'll continue to operate the asset as usual during this period. We remain committed to expanding the Midstream business as part of our strategy to deliver long-term profitable and valuable growth. We have reached agreement in principle to acquire a one-third ownership interest in DCP's Sand Hills and Southern Hills NGL pipelines representing a total estimated investment of approximately $700 million to $800 million. This investment will enable DCP to maintain its growth plan throughout the or through the 2015 time period and these pipelines strategically complement our Midstream and Chemicals businesses. The Sand Hills Pipeline is expected to commence deliveries of NGL from the Eagle Ford shale into Mont Belvieu by year end. DCP recently started the South Texas segment of its Sand Hills NGL pipeline, initially delivering 10,000 barrels per day of liquids from the Eagle Ford to the DCP Partners' Wilbreeze pipeline. The second phase was service from the Permian basin is targeted to be in operation by the second quarter of 2013. The Southern Hills Pipeline project which will extend from the mid-continent region to Mont Belvieu, Texas remains on schedule for completion in mid 2013. In Chemicals, CPChem announced in October that the Saudi Polymers Company world-scale petrochemicals facility in Saudi Arabia began commercial production. CPChem's projects in the U.S. Gulf Coast are progressing as planned, including the proposed ethane cracker and related polyethylene facilities as well as their 1-hexene plant. Finally, we'd like to remind you that we will be hosting our first Philips 66 Analyst Meeting in New York on December 13. We look forward to seeing you there or having you listen to our webcast. This completes our prepared remarks. We'll now open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, we have a question from Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Good morning everyone. And congratulations on the earnings, and I obviously hope everyone at Bayway is safe. I guess a quick question. Firstly, you have got very strong free cash generation, so I guess our thoughts are going to turn to additional opportunities as well as distributions, and I am sure you are going to get lots of these questions at the Analyst Day, but can I ask you a question about returns? What sort of hurdle rates do you think are appropriate for say, volatile chemical cracking or NGL fractionation versus sort of longer term more stable logistics contracts?
Tim Taylor: I think when you  this is Tim Taylor, Ed. I think when you look at the Midstream and the fee-based kinds of projects we see returns in the low-double digits to mid-teens. As you think about the Chemicals space, we would plan in the 15 or higher kinds of returns for that and similar kinds of thoughts around the NGL expansions.
Edward Westlake: Great. And then when I am talking about the  obviously we can see a lot of logistics great potential in North America, but I guess Im less familiar with the potential in Chemicals, I mean youve talked very clearly about the Gulf Coast ethane cracker. But Im just wondering could you give us some  any thoughts about other opportunities outside of that big project that you could potentially go for?
Tim Taylor: I think when you look at the chemicals business its a global business and the investment thesis really for CPChem has been the focus on advantaged feedstocks. And so its gone for Middle East in the early 2000s to really now strong positioning in North America. And so they continued to look at where they can have a competitive advantage in terms of project development on a global basis. So, I think initially still the Middle East, North America arrives to the top, but there is always an interest in Asia as well because of the growth in the market.
Edward Westlake: And any opportunities further downstream or just stay pretty much upstream?
Tim Taylor: For downstream from ethylene
Edward Westlake: Yeah you mean
Tim Taylor: So, I think really the focus has been on the polyolefins and olefins and ethylene derivatives chain. And there are other options as you began look at other kinds of materials, we have strong presence in the aromatics businesses as well. But right now the biggest opportunities had been really in the olefins part of the chain.
Edward Westlake: Alright. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI. Please go ahead.
Doug Terreson: Congratulations on your result everybody.
Tim Taylor: Thanks, Doug.
Greg Maxwell: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson: So, you guys have been very optimistic on use of advantaged feedstock especially on the West Coast, mid-continent and the Gulf Coast too. And on this point I want to see whether or not you consider there to be significant opportunities on the West Coast as well and how you may be thinking about some of those options. And also on the West Coast some of your competitors appear to be reconsidering their desire is out participate in the California market, because of some of the costs maybe associated with the new regulatory plan. So, my question regards your strategic view of the West Coast market and whether you feel that the positions out there are sufficiently advantaged that they werent continued participation and so just kind of a strategic update on that the position of West Coast as a whole as well?
Tim Taylor: Okay. Let me take those a little bit in terms of the market opportunity in the West Coast. They clearly  when we look at the West Coast its been one of the more challenged markets from a recovery standpoint post recession. In California, specifically its a tough regulatory environment as well, so costs are higher and there is a lot of potential additional cost as new regulations come into effect. That said its still a very significant market and we think its really important to look at how can we get some of these crudes out of the middle part of the country into the West Coast, particularly California.  So, were working hard on that to try and change that Doug.
Doug Terreson: Okay.
Tim Taylor: The comment Id make on Washington is that thats got a natural access to the Bakken and North Dakota and Canadian crudes.
Doug Terreson: Okay.
Tim Taylor: And so I  we kind of separate I think the Washington piece from the California piece that way. But I think everyone is working hard to look at some crude solutions for the West Coast to improve its competitive position.
Doug Terreson: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Greg Maxwell: Hi, Jeff.
Tim Taylor: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: You mentioned the $250 million of feedstock advantages in the press release and I appreciate the comments also in your lead in on 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of Bayway rail. But I was hoping you could put that $250 million in perspective perhaps discuss which regions its most impactful and what arbitrages you are capturing?
Tim Taylor: So, when we look at that its a significant advantage this quarter. So, we kind of touched on the East Coast which is the Bayway with the ability to bring shale crude into Bayway its got a great appetite for it. And the other plays that we are really seeing the change is in the Gulf Coast, where we are seeing the HLS, LLS, and the Brent relationships change and bringing in more domestic light-sweet crudes into that region as well. So, access and supply of domestic light into that region has improved its competitive position.
Jeff Dietert: And is that primarily Eagle Ford crude going in to replace LLS, HLS?
Tim Taylor: So, thats Eagle Ford crude moving in from Texas is doing that as well. There is also going to be increasing amounts of WTI moving into that area as well.
Jeff Dietert: Via rail?
Tim Taylor: Via rail today. And then obviously the pipeline logistics infrastructure is changing now with the Cushing to seaway reversal and Cushing connection.
Jeff Dietert: Very well. Thanks for you comments.
Tim Taylor: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: First, good morning. I had a number of questions on the Sand Hills and Southern Hills, I guess Ill just rattle them off here altogether and maybe you could respond. For one, I am trying to understand the nature of the contract, can you remind me are they fee-based or POP? I am trying to understand or just confirm that it is indeed a one-third outright ownership of PSX outside of DCP, and if that is indeed the case, ultimately where do you see that ownership landing? Could it ultimately be moved to DCP? I know you are considering a new MLP potentially could it be moved there or do you see it just remaining in the PSX umbrella? And then finally, on CapEx, I think I heard a $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, I am trying to understand, I thought that was roughly in the range of where we had previous guidance, obviously, this is an incremental investment. So, I am trying to make sure I understand the moving pieces of how CapEx is going to change as a result of this? Thanks.
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, Blake, good morning. This is Greg Maxwell. With regard to the nature of the contracts, still in process, but they are pushing more DCP Midstream pushing more towards fee-based contracts. The intent for DCP, their stated intent is to drop their one-third interest into a DPM and having fee-based contracts obviously is a very positive thing for an MLP. With regard to your, I may have spoken too fast with regard to the guidance, the guidance for capital expenditures for the year is in the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion range, excluding the investment that we would make in Sand Hills and Southern Hills are one-third share. And we estimate that to be in the $700 million to $800 million range. With regard to the structure, we are still working on the structure. We currently anticipate that, that would  we would be acquiring a one-third interest in which it would be a JV-related structure, and so us, Spectra as well as DCP, at this time, would own a one-third interest in the JV structure.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. And then just one more detailed follow-up if I could, just on the share count, I noticed it actually increased almost about 2.7 million shares or so quarter-to-quarter despite the buybacks. I am just trying to make sure I understand if there was anything we should be aware of going on there?
Greg Maxwell: It's two  sort of twofold really Blake. We purchased what turns out to be a little bit more ratably over the third quarter. So, from a weighted average perspective, you won't see the full impact of those purchased shares until we get into really the fourth quarter. On the flip side, the share issuance side, you saw that we lost little ground on a weighted average basis, but a lot of that was tied to the exercise of options from non  primarily from non-PSX or Phillips 66 employees as well as some additional issuances on our long-term stock savings plan. So, that should be more of a one-time event with regard to that. So, a very astute question, we think from an actual end of the quarter perspective, we basically on a basic share perspective stayed roughly even.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kate Minyard from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kate Minyard: Hi, good morning gentlemen. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tim Taylor: Hi, Kate.
Kate Minyard: Hi. I just wanted to ask a few questions on some of the comments that you have around the export capability and increasing that over time. You talked in the press release about increasing export capability through some low cost capital investments, and I guess my questions are first of all where do you see the opportunity as being the greatest whether geographically or product wise? And then whats the time horizon of this opportunity? So, in other words, how soon does Phillips 66 want to recover its capital and generate a return in order to justify these investments? And then finally how much more flexible is your current refining configuration, so what could you do without additional CapEx in the interim?
Tim Taylor: Yeah. So, we are actually doing a number of projects at our refineries that are located with access to water. And it makes particularly focused in Gulf Coast and West Coast and so these are typically kinds of pipeline connections, tankage those kind of things that can increase the rates for the availability to load export cargos. From an opportunity standpoint when we look at that its really when you look at the Atlantic Basin specifically Latin America and West Africa that today have been the primary opportunities that have developed from standpoint and based on supply-demand balances going forward, we would expect that to continue.
Kate Minyard: Okay.
Clayton Reasor: Did we answer all your questions? Okay, there was something else I think you would.
Kate Minyard: Yeah. Well, is there a particular time horizon I mean you indicated that you think opportunity would continue, but is there sort of a time horizon, just kind of three year opportunity or do you see it as more extensive or would you like to recover your capital and return a little bit sooner than that?
Tim Taylor: Our target would be to go up to 220,000-230,000 barrels a day of export capability and were looking to get that done by the end of next year. So, thats when we talk about low-cost short-term those are  these are relatively minor projects that we can execute quickly.
Kate Minyard: Alright, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan: Thanks. Good morning. I am wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on some of your  some of the remarks you made in your strategic initiatives section of your press release. You guys talked about how the PSX has recently entered into several transportation agreements and plans to improve targeted logistics infrastructure. Could you elaborate a little bit more what these several transportation agreements are and the duration of these agreements? And I have a follow-up after that. Thanks.
Tim Taylor: Faisel, we did talk about the connection to the Kinder Morgan crude condensate line that runs close to the Sweeny refinery. So, thats actually a project or a connector of pipeline thats relatively short that will be built by Kinder Morgan and so thats a throughput pipeline connection agreement we have specifically for that. Beyond that, we have talked in the last couple of months about our purchase of railcars to have a very flexible method of delivering these crudes in the developing plays into our refining system. So, there its not only the investment in railcars, but its also an investment in  around the infrastructure to unload railcars and to load those. And really when we look at our system its the ability to unload the railcars when we think about infrastructure logistics that were looking at, for instance at Bayway and other refineries as a way to increase the amount of rail that we can take into those various refineries. And so thats the capital side. And then you weve got the commitments in terms from time to time with other third party kinds of logistics providers to make that happen as well.
Faisel Khan: Okay.
Greg Maxwell: Faisel, there are probably some other things that we are working on right now that we just  it will be premature for us to disclose because those contracts havent been finalized or the agreements with our counterparties havent been flanged up, so there is a lot of work thats going on in this area. You should expect hearing more as time goes forward. And Tim I dont know if you want to
Tim Taylor: No. Yeah, there is a lot of pipeline expansion and opportunities there and were just making sure that were looking at all those opportunities.
Faisel Khan: Okay, understood. And can you talk a little bit more about  I believe you said there is a major maintenance going on or a turnaround is going on at Wood River, I think you said Ponca and Borger but I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on that in terms of what those turnarounds are and what you guys are doing at the  in your mid-continent portfolio?
Tim Taylor: So, Wood River and Borger are both in turnarounds today. We expect those back in operation here in November. And those are major turnarounds. Borger is a very significant one. We do have some operations continuing at Wood River today. So, those are plant turnarounds that we've had and we got smaller turnarounds going on at LA that have some minor impacts in terms of its throughput.
Greg Maxwell: I think we talked about what $100 million in turnaround expenses.
Tim Taylor: Right.
Faisel Khan: Okay, great. And last question from me, the 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day of advantaged crude that you guys consumed at Bayway, is there anyway give us idea of what the cost of getting that crude into the refinery was, what was the advantage of bringing in that crude versus taking a West African barrel, was it a $3 advantage, $5 advantage what was the real crude advantage you guys realized into Bayway from that strategy?
Tim Taylor: I think youre going to appreciate that prices move around, but on average we would use $2 to $3 a barrel.
Faisel Khan: Great, thank you very much. I appreciate your time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tim Taylor: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Hi, I have got one strategic I guess and one maybe couple of housekeeping ones. As you look at the Gulf Coast you talked in your remarks about how you started to see Louisiana light I guess see some benefit relative to imported light sweet crude like Brent for example. Weve obviously been noticing that as well as and curious as to whether you can us your prognosis as to how this is likely to play our how youll react to it in terms of your ability to ramp up you light sweet crude barrels and maybe substitute your light-sweet crude barrels. Ill stop with that one and of course a couple of housekeeping ones please.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, Doug, this is a continuing story and weve seen the imports of offshore light sweet diminished particularly in the Gulf Coast. And so I think all of us in that area are looking at that, weve very active in this area. So, the increasing supply of these light crudes out of the U.S. ultimately we believe that will displace that waterborne barrel into particularly the Gulf Coast. So, I think our view is that when that happens, that puts additional pressure on the LLS price to be competitive. So, I think that we would continue to expect that there could perhaps be some additional widening on the Brent LLS spread.
Doug Leggate: Do, you think what were seeing right now is indicative this has already started to happen?
Tim Taylor: I believe it has started to happen, yes.
Doug Leggate: Okay, have you guys taken any sort of base line shipping commitments on the seaway expansion?
Tim Taylor: I dont, Im not sure, we have if and we did we probably wouldnt
Doug Leggate: Right, okay, fair enough. The housekeeping one, just real quick the inventory gain Clayton I think thats included in the gross margins. Can you break it up by region as to where that gain was realized?
Clayton Reasor: So, youre talking about $100 million difference?
Doug Leggate: Right, year-over-year.
Clayton Reasor: Do we have that Greg or
Greg Maxwell: As far as the split, most of that was in the Gulf region and into the East Atlantic basin area as I recall.
Doug Leggate: Got it
Clayton Reasor: Doug, the single largest variance was in the Atlantic Basin are of the $100 million.
Doug Leggate: Got it. Thats kind of what I was expecting. And I guess the final one I dont know if you can give us this or not, but it looks to us following the (indiscernible) results yesterday and yours today, it looks like the European side of the Atlantic Basin was very strong. Is there anyway you could give us some kind of indicative split as to how the earnings split between the U.S. and the international piece of that and Ill leave with that.
Clayton Reasor: Lets see we may have something, can you take that Greg?
Greg Maxwell: I think well have to get that for you.
Clayton Reasor: Well have  we can, I would just say the European refineries when you look at the third quarter that was their best quarter of the year. I think Whitegate, Miro and Humber all had good quarters but Bayway did as well. Ill say most of change probably comes from an improvement in earnings out of Europe rather than improvement in Bayway.
Doug Leggate: Its really helpful. Alright guys. Thanks your time.
Clayton Reasor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys.
Clayton Reasor: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Hopefully, I just have a number of quick questions. Greg, can you share with us that in general what is your insurance policy in terms of BI and property damage?
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, youre probably talking with  specifically with the Bayway incident and the terminal I guess Paul
Paul Cheng: Thats correct.
Greg Maxwell: From a perspective of that, that falls under name windstorm coverage. And as a result, other than a smaller piece in our participation in (Ohio), we do not have any commercial insurance associated with named windstorm coverage. So, as a result, we are basically self-funded.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So  and do you have any BI, business interruption insurance or not really?
Greg Maxwell: Yes. We do carry BI insurance, but as you are probably aware, you have to actually take out named windstorm coverage in order to get that associated with any hurricane activity. So, as a result, given the pricing as well as our view of the overall total impact that a hurricane or a named windstorm could have on our operations, we elected not to take out that coverage.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So, your second question, Greg, if we assume that the Saudi Arabia chemical plant, the Polymer plant actually was on stream before the third quarter, based on the market condition there, what would the earnings contribution to you guys would be?
Greg Maxwell: You're talking about SPCo startup?
Paul Cheng: That's correct.
Greg Maxwell: I think it actually started up in October.
Paul Cheng: Right. I was saying that if we assume that it is actually a pro forma there, it actually run in the third quarter, what type of earning contribution you may have, I mean, do you guys have a number you can share?
Tim Taylor: Sure. I think it's clearly in the ramp-up phase of their operations today, but I think in longer term, I might say steady state basis. We'd kind of look at that to be 10% or so of the CPChem contribution.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And Greg, can I have some quick balance sheet data, what is your working capital market value of inventory in excess of the bulk and of the total debt, how much is of them that you see in the long-term debt?
Greg Maxwell: With regard to the replacement cost in (Technical Difficulty)
Paul Cheng: In the third quarter, probably second to third quarter, do we have that increase or that they have already been running at that rate?
Tim Taylor: They have increased, Paul, I can't remember the exact increase, but we are increasing that. And as you can guess, we are continuing to so to speak test the limits and we can go substantially higher. So, I think the challenge for us is to continue to work logistics and get more and more of that into the Bayway refinery.
Paul Cheng: Do you have a number that how much is the increase on the WTI link including the Eagle Ford crude runs sequentially from second to third quarter in the Gulf Coast?
Greg Maxwell: Gulf Coast crude run changes. I had to see if I can get back, it did increase, Alliance was down, so the percentages as a percent of total it impacted that somewhat so
Clayton Reasor: Probably, it did not go up because Alliance was down for two or three weeks.
Greg Maxwell: Right.
Paul Cheng: I see. And then in earlier comment, are you saying for Bayway, the up that you realize is about say in the $2 range, do you have a similar number for the Gulf Coast?
Clayton Reasor: Uplift relative to West Africa and North Sea crudes.
Greg Maxwell: I think it really, it's still driven off the LLS, the HLS, (Alliance) and so it's probably in the same order of magnitude right now in that area as well.
Paul Cheng: I see. A two final one, one of your competitor is voicing concern about the California market also our long-term future given the regulatory environment, I want to see that what is the view of PSX in terms of California is that still considered as a core market for you guys or that you guys also have your own doubt. Second one, I think maybe is for Greg on dividend you guys have a nice increase 25%, but your payout is still extremely low and that your yield is about 2.1% certainly lower than some of your peers and just want to understand in terms of the criteria and also the timeline on how the board will determine in terms of when or by how much that  what kind of criteria they need to see in order for them to raising a more significant way on the regular dividend given that I think a lot of your long-only account investor may probably quite appreciate a higher dividend yield.
Greg Maxwell: Paul Ill address the market question on California. As I said a little bit earlier I think we look at the market and say demand continues to struggle out there as well post-recession and then I think you look more fundamentally at the operating environment and the costs associated with the particularly the environmental regulations and we think thats going to continue to keep pressure on operations in operating costs out there. So, yeah Id say that from a California perspective that it is one of the more challenged parts of our portfolio in terms of the basic value equation. So, thats why were still looking at the crude side of it and continuing to stay abreast and then top of whats going to take to comply the things like AB32 to really maintain your operations out there.
Paul Cheng: But Tim, you still view it as a part of your core portfolio or that you may have doubts?
Tim Taylor: In the past California has been a really good in the marketed times, but right now it is our lower performing. So, I think that if our assessment would become that its going to be challenged for some period of time, wed either go to find the way to improve that operation or function of the way to deal with that.
Paul Cheng: Okay
Tim Taylor: Greg, do you want to?
Greg Maxwell: Sure, on the dividend question Paul its something that we always look at. And I think thats evidenced by our 25% increase. Our objective is to go to have a dividend that is competitive. We wanted to be also affordable and we also wanted to grow over time I thank Greg Garland our Chairman his view is he wants to look 10 years down the road in the rearview mirror and say every single year he has a history of 66 increasing our dividend. Having said that we also recognized that were in a highly cyclical business and as such one of the one of the ways wed try complementing returning value back to the shareholders is through our share repurchase program. That gives us some opportunity to basically create a swing  a variable swing in the event that we hit the low point of cycle then were able to maybe pull back a bit on that if our cash requirements required it. So, I think from a guidance perspective the intent is for us to look at and get in a pattern of an annual view of our dividend increases and probably take an assessment and raise the dividends if appropriate on an annual basis.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Tim Taylor: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we have a question from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Hey, good morning guys. Great results.
Tim Taylor: Hey, Evan. Thank you.
Evan Calio: Yeah, I have a quick follow-up and then a different question on utilization levels, but how much LLS are you running today and that's not currently considered advantage crude in your 63% calculation?
Greg Maxwell: So, that's primarily.
Tim Taylor: Primarily, Alliance. So, the LLS, HLS, or Alliance it's the predominant part of our crude runs at that facility.
Evan Calio: Okay. Just  and then a different question, on your aggregate, refining utilizations are high 96% with some downtime at Alliance. I mean, I know that various clean fuel regulations have lowered max utilization from historic highs and runs are dependent upon a feed slate. And is that close to your theoretic maximum or could you kind of walk us through your four regions and tell me where you think they could actually run if they had the right incentive to run?
Greg Maxwell: So, I think that we are seeing in the mid-continent, in the Central Corridor. When I look at that, that we have actually seen sustained runs now creeping up a bit, and I think it does speak to consistency to crude slate in some of the mid-continent operations and continuing improvements in our joint venture refinery at Wood River. So, we have seen that there. Bayway has run very well with processed inputs. So, it's not only just crude runs, but additional input as well on in terms of rolling out the units. So, probably I look at the Central Corridor and say we pretty much ran it about as much as we could. We like to get more, because it's got a great margin today. The California refineries, West Coast were again close to their capacity as well. I would say, that's pretty much it for them. And in the Gulf Cost with Alliance is probably our biggest opportunity after the hurricane and the impacts of that to come on back up to full rates. So, we look around our system, the Atlantic Basin and Europe we are right there, the Central Corridor, so that's the only place, where we didn't run pretty close to capacity would be the Gulf Coast. And then I think that's just a matter of getting Alliance line back out.
Evan Calio: And what would full be for the Gulf? Would it be in the high 90s?
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, yeah. I think we look at that 95% and above as pretty high capacity utilization.
Evan Calio: Great. And just maybe one last question if I could, I know it's been  look MLPs have been a real defining element of this cycle, inclusion of more and more cyclical assets have grown in popularity as well as IRS permissibility and valuation in the market. I mean, can you discuss maybe how your consideration has changed or how you think about the suitability of that structure for either refining assets or in ethane cracking assets, where I know you have a partner that would have equal say but how do you think about the suitability of the structure for those assets actually?
Tim Taylor: Well, I think we certainly see the value that can be created from an MLP. As Greg talked about earlier with fee-based kinds of assets or our transportation logistics assets, we look at that and we say okay we see the value creation. It's got some other challenges so to speak when you did the MLP structure in terms of dilutive to ROCE, dilutive to earnings. And so that's kind of the contribution. It can be depending on how you view it relatively expensive from a financial structure. So, that's part of our deliberation and really where we are focused is on that transportation logistics piece with PSX. The variable MLP is pretty early. We'll wait and see. It's great time right now to have those with distributions, but clearly, they are variable. And I think it will be interesting to see how that works out with the test of time, and I can say that in the petrochemicals side, we really don't have any plans to look at that from a cracking standpoint.
Evan Calio: Understood. Thanks guys.
Tim Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have a question from Cory Garcia from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Cory Garcia: Thanks. Good morning fellows. A great quarter. I was just hoping that kind of in the petrochem theme, would you guys be able to provide a bit more color into the demand trends you guys are seeing in terms of your polyolefin business, clearly the U.S. trends seem a lot stronger than what we are seeing in Europe and elsewhere, but anymore color you guys could have in terms of Asia, Latin America? And then also refresh me on the, I guess the amount of exports you guys actually participate in sort of that market?
Tim Taylor: Okay. So, we kind of break that, when we look around the world, I would say a great place to be today is in the United States. The demand has been relatively stable. Its still not what I would call robust, but clearly with the operating rates you are seeing, a great place to be at. I think it speaks to the advantaged feedstock that we have here as well as probably a decent demand from the industrial and manufacturing sector. Europe is weak when we look across the globe. Asia has backed off substantially from what you would have thought a year ago, and frankly part of that stems from the weakness in Europe, because they are still heavily dependent upon trade for their manufacturing. So, I dont think there is anything surprising there, except that perhaps we look at the base U.S. and say its a pretty good market. Latin America is still relatively small, but does okay as well. And then when we think about the export piece that does provide some underpinning if you will for the petrochemical business in the U.S. And so I think as an industry, I still think about it in the 20%, 25% range of petrochemicals being able to be exported or you can do that. So, a lot of optionality there that develops when you got that kind of cost position. The other thing Id say on CPChem is its important to realize that, if you think about their production base in Middle East and their production base in the United States positioned well in the lower  two lowest cost areas in the world in petrochemicals and I think that shows up in the strength of their earnings.
Cory Garcia: Absolutely. Yeah I appreciate your time guys.
Tim Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the time that we have for questions and now I will turn the call back to Clayton Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Reasor: Well, thank you again for the participation interest in the company. You can find a copy of the transcript from the call on our website and we look forward to talking with you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Phillips 66 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sandra, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Strategy and Corporate Affairs. Mr. Reasor, you may begin.
Clayton Craig Reasor: Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter earnings conference call. We appreciate your interest in our company and are looking forward to giving you details on our financial operating results, update you on a few of our key strategic initiatives and provide an outlook for the rest of this year. With me this morning are Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Greg Maxwell, Executive Vice President and CFO. Our presentation material and supplemental information is available on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website. As promised, we've increased the amount of disclosure and granularity in our reporting to help you model future earnings and see the value of Phillips 66. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It's a reminder that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and during our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from what we say today, and factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. Before we have Greg Maxwell get into the second quarter results, we thought it would be great if Greg Garland would give a welcome to you all and give a few opening comments. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us this morning. Today, we report out our initial quarterly results since the formation of Phillips 66. We're off to a solid start. The spend transaction was executed flawlessly. We think it's a real tribute to the dedication and the capability of our Phillips 66 employees. We are delivering on the financial and operating results we expected when the company was put together. And I'm really proud of what our employees have accomplished so far and have absolute confidence they will deliver industry-leading value creation. We have a clear strategy for growth, margin expansion and returns enhancement. And we think with the right balance between disciplined reinvestment and shareholder distributions, we expect our return on capital employed to improve over time. Our approach to capital allocation and balances are objectives for earnings growth while returning capital to shareholders. And we're demonstrating our commitment to shareholder distributions with the announcement in June regarding our first dividend, and this morning's announcement of a $1 billion share repurchase program. We feel strongly that our strategy around returns, growth and distributions is the right one for our company, and we have advantaged assets, organizational capability and the opportunity set and commitment to drive differential value creation. As Greg Maxwell reviews our second quarter results, you're going to hear that we operated with excellence, we ran well at high utilization rates and turned in a solid financial performance for the quarter, in what we've described as a positive margin environment. So I'll now turn the call over to Greg, who will take you through our second quarter results.
Greg G. Maxwell: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. I'll get started with Slide 3. We successfully completed the separation with ConocoPhillips and began operating as an independent company on May 1. Our second quarter financials include 1 month of carve out financials and 2 months of actual financials. The financials for April were prepared on the same basis as our Form 10 and our first quarter 10-Q. As stated in our earnings release, we had reported net income of $1.2 billion and adjusted earnings of $1.4 billion. The $236 million difference is attributable to special items including impairments and gains on the asset sales. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share for the quarter were $2.23 per share. Cash from operations was $1.4 billion and our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed was 18%. Now, let's turn to Slide 4 for a high-level look at our second quarter earnings. Refining and Marketing generated $1.2 billion in adjusted earnings. The $437 million improvement was primarily driven by much stronger refining margins, particularly in the U.S. Mid-Continent and Europe. Midstream adjusted earnings were $79 million, which excludes the $170 million special item associated with the impairment of our investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline. On an adjusted basis, Midstream earnings were $32 million lower than the second quarter of last year. The decline in earnings reflects a reduction in equity earnings from DCP, which was primarily driven by lower NGL prices. Chemicals adjusted earnings were $242 million, and this excludes a special item of $35 million associated with the early retirement of $600 million of debt. Adjusted earnings improved this quarter by $52 million, primarily due to higher margins and lower utility costs. I'll go through each of these operating segments in more detail later in the presentation. Corporate and Other costs this quarter were $89 million after adjusting for repositioning costs of $30 million. Our Corporate and Other segment consists of interest expense, staff costs, technology and other items not specifically identifiable to an operating segment. Details on our Corporate segment can be found in the appendix of this presentation. Next, let's take a look at cash flow for the second quarter as shown on Slide 5. I'll back up for a moment and remind you that our March 31 restricted cash balance of $6.1 billion includes $5.8 billion in senior notes that we issued in March. In April, we closed the financing on a $2 billion 3-year term loan, which brought our total debt balance to $8 billion. As part of the separation, we made a net distribution of $6.1 billion to ConocoPhillips which has, as shown on the slide, effectively resulted in Phillips 66 starting out with $2 billion in cash. During the second quarter, we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations with a minor cash impact related to net working capital changes. We generated proceeds of $234 million from asset sales, primarily from the sale of our Trainer Refinery. And our capital program this quarter was $270 million and was largely focused on the Refining and Marketing segment. This resulted in  $3.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the second quarter. Let's turn to Slide 6 for a look at our capital structure and returns. At the end of the second quarter, we had $19 billion in equity and $8 billion of debt, for a debt-to-total-capital ratio of 30%. Our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed of 18% is up from 14% in 2011. This improvement is driven primarily by higher earnings in our Refining and Marketing segment and our Chemicals segment. And we ended the quarter with $27 billion in capital employed, of which R&M represented 76% of this total. Next, we'll cover each of our segments in more detail, starting with Refining and Marketing, beginning on Slide 7. The story in Refining and Marketing this quarter was that we ran well during a strong margin environment. We ran globally at a 93% utilization rate, which is the highest second quarter rate we have achieved since 2008. We also maintained a high clean product yield at 84% and realized higher margins in our Refining, Marketing and Lubricants businesses. Our Refining realized margin of $12.56 per barrel is the highest since the second quarter of 2007, and our year-to-date annualized return on capital employed has improved to 17%. Let's turn to Slide 8 and look at the Refining and Marketing adjusted earnings. Adjusted Refining and Marketing earnings of $1.2 billion reflect significant improvements in our Atlantic Basin Europe and Central Corridor regions, as well as U.S. Marketing, Specialties and Other. In the Atlantic Basin Europe region, earnings increased due to improved margins and lower controllable costs. Margins improved largely as a result of higher market crack spreads, while controllable costs were lower, primarily, because of the absence of operating activities at our Wilhelmshaven and Trainer Refineries. Earnings in the Gulf coast were fairly flat as improved clean product margins were offset by a less of a feedstock advantage, reflecting the narrowing LLS Maya differentials. The Central Corridor improved significantly this quarter due to higher margins, reflecting our advantaged feedstock position in this region. The WCS discount to WTI and the increased amount of heavy crude processed at our Wood River Refinery following the completion of the CORE project drove the feedstock advantage this quarter. The Western Pacific region was lower this quarter as positive secondary product impacts were more than offset by less of a feedstock advantage, along with inventory impacts. Other Refining benefited from gains associated with Canadian crude imports as we were able to utilize our pipeline transportation capacity to take advantage of favorable WCS to WTI spreads. Results for this quarter also include foreign exchange gains that are not directly attributable to one of our other regions. From an overall Refining and Marketing perspective, the foreign currency exchange impacts this quarter represented a modest loss. U.S. Marketing, Specialties and Other improved by $67 million due to higher fuel and Lubricant margins which were partially offset by higher costs. While internationally, earnings in Marketing, Specialties and Other were comparable to the same quarter last year. The next 2 slides highlight our performance in Refining. As we turn to Slide 9, adjusted earnings increased $353 million this quarter. Improved margins were the key driver with higher market cracks and secondary product margins being the only offset by less favorable crude differentials. Additionally, lower natural gas prices this quarter resulted in lower utility costs and were a key driver in the lower overall operating costs. Let's take a look at our market capture on Slide 10. Here, we look at our global market and realized crack spreads. Overall, the market crack was very favorable this quarter. Our realized margin of nearly $13 per barrel indicates that we captured 70% of the market crack this quarter, and we capitalized on these favorable margins by operating at a 93% utilization rate. The market indicator margin in the second quarter was $17.85 per barrel and assumes a 100% clean product yield. As you can see, our actual clean product yield in the second quarter was 84%, which creates the $3.03 adjustment shown on the slide. The $5.32 reduction from secondary products reflects the fact that the non-clean products we produced attracted a sales price, which on average, was less than the cost of our benchmark crudes. The feedstock advantage stems from running crudes and other processed inputs that are priced lower than our benchmark crudes. Our feedstock advantage this quarter was primarily related to the Canadian heavy and foreign sour crudes that we processed. The other category which contributed to our realized crack of $12.56 per barrel for the quarter primarily reflects the impacts from volume expansion. In the appendix, we have also included updated market indicator crack spreads for each of our regions. So move to Slide 11. In addition to running at a high utilization rate, this slide shows our progress in being able to increase our advantaged crude runs at our refineries while improving our clean product yield to over 84%. Advantaged crudes increased from 47% in 2011 to 52% year-to-date in 2012. This is primarily driven by an increase in Canadian heavy crudes, as well as domestic WTI price links streams, including an increase in the amount of shale crudes that we processed. For example, year-to-date, we've averaged throughput of 120,000 barrels per day of shale crudes. Many of our refineries have the complexity to run price-advantaged Canadian crudes and we have access to multiple pipeline systems to reliably deliver these crudes to our inland U.S. refineries and this results in a competitive advantage. Moving to Slide 12. Marketing, Specialties and Other generated adjusted earnings of $334 million, an increase of $84 million from the same quarter last year. The improvement was driven primarily by higher margins across major product lines. On the fuel side, U.S. wholesale margins improved due to a steep decline in spot --  a huge decline in spot-based product costs, which fell more rapidly than posted product prices. Our Lubricants business also generated improved results as product costs stabilized during the quarter, compared with the rapidly rising costs in the second quarter of last year. The next slide shows our per barrel metrics. Refining and Marketing's income per barrel improved this quarter to $4.37 per barrel while the cash contribution increased to $5.19 per barrel. These results are reflective of R&M running well this quarter and a very strong margin environment. This completes our review of the Refining and Marketing business or segment. Next, we move to the Midstream segment beginning on Slide 14. Our Midstream segment was impacted this quarter by reduced equity earnings from DCP Midstream, offset by inventory gains in our other Midstream businesses. However, year-to-date annualized return on capital employed continues in line with last year's performance at 30%. We ended the quarter with $1 billion in capital employed in our Midstream segment. As mentioned earlier, we recorded an after-tax noncash impairment of $170 million related to our equity investment in the Rockies Express Pipeline. As we move to Slide 15, Midstream's adjusted earnings of $79 million were comprised of $42 million in earnings associated with our interest in DCP and $37 million from our other Midstream businesses. Slide 16 provides additional variance explanations for both our DCP and our other Midstream earnings. As shown on the top portion of the slide, earnings associated with our interest in DCP decreased by $48 million this quarter, mainly due to DCP's exposure to commodity prices. This was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation expense attributable to an overall increase in the remaining useful lives of DCP's assets. Volume mix was also favorable this quarter as DCP processed more liquids-rich volumes and a low dry gas. Our other Midstream business improved by $16 million. Inventory related gains primarily contributed to this improvement. Shifting discussion now to our Chemicals segment, beginning on Slide 17. Earnings for the Chemicals segment consists of our 50% equity interest in Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, or CPChem. CPChem had another great quarter. It's best quarter ever, with adjusted earnings of $242 million. Strong performance was driven by improved margins along with lower utility costs. Year-to-date, annualized after-tax return on capital employed increased to 30%, up from 28% last year, and we ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in capital employed in the Chemicals segment. The next 2 slides provide more detail on Chemicals' earnings. This quarter, adjusted earnings increased by $52 million compared to the same period last year. The increase in earnings was primarily in Olefins and Polyolefins, partially offset by increased income taxes accrued by Phillips 66 on the equity earnings from CPChem. And this was primarily driven by the mix of foreign and domestic earnings. Slide 19 provides additional details on CPChem's operating segments. Olefins and Polyolefins generated income of $245 million in the second quarter. The $62 million increase was due primarily to increased ethylene and polyethylene margins and lower utility costs as a result of reduced natural gas prices. Specialties, Aromatics and Styrenics earnings increased by $5 million compared to the same period last year, and this was due largely to improved benzene margins. This concludes our discussion of the financial and operating results for the quarter. Next, I will provide you with some outlook items for the remainder of 2012. In Refining and Marketing, we expect our global utilization rate to be in the mid 90s and our pre-tax turnaround expense of approximately $145 million over the second half of the year. In Midstream, the majority of capital expenditures, depreciation and interest will be incurred by DCP. For 2012, we estimate DCP, on 100% basis, will fund the capital program of approximately $2 billion, with depreciation and amortization of $300 million and net interest expense of $170 million. In Chemicals, we estimate that CPChem, on a 100% basis, will have capital expenditures and investments of approximately $1 billion in 2012, with depreciation and amortization of roughly $260 million and net interest expense of $10 million to $15 million.  CPChem expects to complete the repayment of its remaining $400 million of senior notes during the third quarter of this year. Corporate and Other is expected to be at costs of about $125 million per quarter for the remainder of the year, including after-tax interest of about $50 million per quarter. Guidance for Phillips 66 for 2012 is capital expenditures of $1 billion to $1.5 billion with depreciation and amortization of $900 million. Our corporate tax rate is a function of mix, largely dependent on the amount of U.S. versus international earnings, and we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 35% for all of 2012.  And finally, Phillips 66 does not have any debt maturities coming due in 2012. We can now turn to Slide 21 and I'll hand the call over to Greg Garland to take you through an update on how we are advancing our strategic initiatives. Greg?
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Greg. Well, as we execute our strategy, we remain focused on our initiatives to enhance return on capital, deliver profitable growth and grow shareholder distributions. We're also committed to operational excellence and creating a great place to work. We continue to improve our metrics around personal and process safety, and environmental stewardship.  As we said, we plan to reduce costs by eliminating spin-related di-synergies by the end of 2013 and we set a target of $200 million. We're also working hard to create a great place to work for our employees. We value our employees, we want to have a place of mutual respect and collaboration. We completed the sale of the Trainer Refinery and we'll continue to work to optimize our portfolio. We did make the decision not to sell Alliance. We have a positive view on domestic Gulf Coast crudes to becoming an advantage feedstock, and we think as this plays out, Alliance will create long term value in the portfolio. Earlier, you saw our crude slate, which demonstrates the progress we've made on getting advantaged crudes into our refineries. We continue to work this hard because every dollar we can save on feedstocks significantly improves our bottom line results. Crude and energy is greater than 70% of our cost structure. It's the single biggest lever we have to improve value. Some of our initiatives in this area, we've talked about the railcar acquisition, to get 2,000 railcars, but we've also worked agreements to allow us to more efficiently load and unload crudes at both the source sites and the refinery. We're also expanding our own infrastructure. For instance, to bring Mississippi line crude into our Ponca City refinery. And we'll work other deals in other areas to get more advantaged crudes to the front end of our refineries. Besides crude advantage, we're working to improve access to exports. So far this year, we've increased our capacity to export about 14,000 barrels a day, so we have a current capability of 130,000 barrels per day. We're progressing in about 4 different projects that are expected to increase our export capacity to over 220,000 barrels a day by the end of next year. We have some key growth projects underway in Midstream and Chemicals. In Midstream, DCP is progressing its NGL logistics and gathering and processing projects. 2 big pipes. One is the Sand Hills Pipeline that run from the Permian, in the Eagle Ford to Mont Belvieu, 720-mile, 20-inch line. Initial capacity of 200,000 barrels a day. We can expand it up to 350,000 barrels a day. The Eagle Ford section is expected to be operational in the third quarter. This is about a $1 billion project. The Southern Hills pipe really runs from the MidCon to Belvieu. This pipe's targeted capacity over 150,000 barrels a day of NGLs. About $1 billion of investment. Completion expected in mid 2013. Both these pipelines, once in service, will contribute to fee-based margins to DCP. DCP is working on the Eagle plant in the Eagle Ford. It's a 200 million cubic feet per day gas processing facility. It's expected to be up in the fourth quarter. Also have other gas plants in construction. The LaSalle plant at the DJ Basin, Rawhide plant in the Permian and the National Helium upgrade in the Granite Wash, all scheduled for start up in 2013. In total, we expect DCP will spend between $4 billion and $6 billion in 2012 and 2014. In Chemicals, CPChem has a 35% ownership interest in Saudi Polymers Company. This project was formed to execute a major petrochemicals project in Saudi Arabia. The facility will produce ethylene, propylene, high-density polyethylene, polypropylene, polystyrene and 1-hexene. Start up activities are in progress with commercial production expected in the near future. This facility will have an annual capacity of 1.2 million metric tons of ethylene and 1.1 million metric tons of high-density polyethylene. In the current environment, we expect this project will increase Chemicals segment's earnings by 10% to 15%. CPChem is also expanding its fractionation capacity at Sweeny by 22,000 barrels a day, so total capacity will be 138,000 barrels a day. Expect completion of this project in the first quarter of 2013. This is roughly a $100 million investment. CPChem is starting construction on a 1-hexene plant at Cedar Bayou facility. This plant will utilize CPChem's proprietary 1-hexene technology. Annual capacity of 250,000 tons. It will be the largest of its kind in the world. We expect start up in the first quarter of 2014. CPChem also continues to progress efforts on its U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. This project includes a 1.5 million metric ton per year ethylene cracker at the Cedar Bayou facility and a 1 million metric ton per year polyethylene plant, which will be built adjacent to CPChem's Sweeny facility. Polyethylene capacity will consist of 2 plants that would both use CPChem's proprietary technology. This final project's approvals are expected in 2013, start up 2017. As part of our plans to increase distribution to shareholders, our Board of Directors declared a $0.20 dividend to be paid in the third quarter. We expect to have modest dividend increases in the range of about 5% a year. We want to look back in 10 years and say, we increased the dividend every year at this company. This morning, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved the repurchase of up to $1 billion of our outstanding common shares. The shares are going to be repurchased from time to time in the open market at our discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors. We plan to hold the shares of stock as treasury shares. So all in, I think we had a solid quarter. We ran well. We generally had improved margins going for us. I'm proud of the employees. There was an immense amount of work done behind the scenes to get the new company up and running. Our employees didn't take their eye of the ball. They executed well. They turned in excellent results, from operational excellence to very disciplined management of the business in all aspects of the business. So with that, we'll conclude and we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake: So, I think a lot of questions are going to be focused on trying to understand the earnings outlook. So maybe just start with 1 small question on Chemicals. You mentioned the 1-hexene plant. Could you give us a sort of an idea what the investments in that plant so we can think about the contribution it might make to cash flow ... ?
Clayton Craig Reasor: But Edward, that's a proprietary technology for us. And we typically have not given out the investment in that. We think it is the best route in the industry to make 1-hexene. We have those facilities up and running in Qatar today. Just starting one up in Saudi Arabia. This will be our third such facility.
Edward Westlake: And just to confirm on the Saudi cracker, you said 10% to 15% uplift to the CPChem overall earnings, is that?
Greg C. Garland: Correct.
Edward Westlake: Right. And just on the plans to increase advantaged  crudes. Obviously, we've seen your investment in the railcars, but maybe help us walk through where those crudes might go or in fact, if you think of the different U.S. regions, the types of barrels that you may be able to add into each region, which is advantaged?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. So, kind of year-to-date, we've increased our exposure to the TI-linked crudes obviously. 120,000 barrels a day of shale crudes. We've also increased Canadian heavy by about 33%. We're running about 205,000 barrels a day of Canadian heavy today. About 60,000 barrels a day of Canadian medium light. And then -- about 225,000 barrels a day of other WTI or TS-related crudes. So that's 600,000 barrels a day where I'd say TI-linked crudes. On the heavy, we are running -- the heavy asset, Latin American heavy, about 471,000 barrels a day. So actually, about 50,000 barrels a day reduced in this area. And we've also reduced our exposure to Brent-related crudes by about 165,000 barrels a day all in. So, as we think about where can we move crudes, we want to move the shale crude from 120,000 to ultimately 450,000, 460,000 barrels a day. And we're trying to get those crudes to every refinery we can. But clearly, to Ferndale on the West Coast, Bayway on the East Coast. We think Ferndale can probably run 50,000 barrels a day of Bakken crude. Wood River, we can run up to 90,000 to 120,000 barrels a day of shale-type crudes there. Ponca about 60,000 barrels a day. Bayway, 100,000 barrels a day of shale-type crudes that we can advantage, that we can move into Bayway. Smaller, Rodeo, we can get in 30,000 barrels a day. And Sweeny about 40,000 barrels a day. And then Alliance, we're running today, Eagle Ford crude and some Bakken crude in Alliance. But ultimately, 50,000 to 90,000 barrels a day. So we have a plan to get advantaged crude into most of our refineries, Ed.
Edward Westlake: And final one on that topic. Most of that is related to rail or are you going to be doing some sort of lower-cost -- I mean, rail is $12, $13 or so, if that's the right number, but some lower-cost numbers are on other forms of transport?
Greg C. Garland: No. Absolutely. So what I mean, we're down to 2,000 cars, that gets us about 120,000 barrels a day of capability. And that can go east or west out of Bakken. There's other areas and other shale plays that we're looking at rail to get to the front end of refineries. We're looking at making investments around P66 infrastructure. For instance, in gathering systems and/or trucking in the Mississippi Line to get advantaged crude into Ponca, we're looking at connecting to other pieces of pipe that are coming north, south, to get more Canadian heavy into some of our assets. And then around the Eagle Ford, we're looking at pipe solutions around Eagle Ford. So I would say that we're hooking at pipe, rail, truck, barge, just about any way we can get advantaged crude to the front end of the refineries.
Operator: The next question is from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Mohit Bhardwaj: Yes. This is actually Mohit Bhardwaj talking on behalf of Faisel Khan. I have a question regarding the CORE project. If you guys look at the WTI, WCS differentials, they move around a lot. I'm just trying to understand what level of heavy-light differential is required to make an investment in a new coker in these market conditions when everybody is trying to build one?
Greg C. Garland: Well, I'm not sure that anyone would start a new coker today in today's market environment. There's more coking capacity then there is heavy capacity to get into the cokers today. And I think we view that through at least 2017. But on the other hand, I would say that we're pleased with our investment that we made in the CORE project. It's delivering the results that we anticipated. We're up to 200,000 barrels a day of Canadian or heavy crude into Wood River. We're seeing the clean product yield improvement that we envisioned. We are net 65,000 barrels a day of clean products to us. So 120,000 across the refinery. So as we step back and look at that project, $3.8 billion investment, solid returns in our view. This is a 15%, 20% type return project for us.
Mohit Bhardwaj: You know the reason why I asked this question was it's been the darkest in years as far as the Gulf Coast is concerned. You have -- you require is a 8% to 9% is the discount that has been said if you want to run a sand coker for heavy-light differentials. I'm just trying to understand what's the number as far as some of these mid-continent cokers that you guys are building, some of the others are trying to build. What level of TI CS differential would be required to justify the economics?
Greg C. Garland: I'm not sure that we've really given the specifics. I guess it would depend upon the size of the coker, where the facility is, what other investment options you have. But I think -- I don't think we can give you a specific number on that one.
Operator: And the next question is from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Douglas Terreson: My question is on financial strategy and specifically, while equity is growing and some will be removed by the repurchase plan that you announced, you're probably going to have to remove a lot of equity to stay within your stated capitalization range, that is unless debt is reduced as well. So my question is, what is the plan for debt reduction, if there is one, given the low-cost nature of the debt that you took on recently? And how do you try to balance or how do you plan to balance these strategies in coming quarters?
Greg G. Maxwell: Doug, this is Greg Maxwell. I think in response to your question, it's a good question. As a mentioned, we don't have any debt maturities coming due in 2012. In the near term, we've got the 3-year term loan that starts coming due in 2013 on out about $570 million due in the first quarter of next year. The balancing aspect of it is, as you know, debt is cheap right now, and so we have to balance that with the other pieces of our capital programs as far as distributions, dividends, as well as capital expenditures. And currently, we have, as we mentioned, no intention or a stated intention to pay off any debt in 2012 and we -- the current plan is to meet the obligation that we have in March of the first piece of the 3-year term loan.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey: I'd like to echo the appreciation for the disclosure that you gave. We appreciate that. I had 3 questions that are pretty quick to ask. They maybe long to answer. The first was, given your organic project queue and buyback, I assume that means that acquisitions are less important to you. You haven't really said anything about that. I just wondered if you could kind of make a statement for our benefit. The second was, can you just explain to us, to the best extent you can, what the impact of low NGL prices is on your business? And the final one was, you have a controllable cost target, which, off the top of my head, I seem to recall is, $4 billion of controllable costs for 5% with the target for around $200 million of savings. You did mention the controllable cost improvement you had during the quarter, but I wondered if you could just update us on the target?
Greg C. Garland: Okay, Paul. Great. I'll take them one by one. In terms of the project cues, we kind of said we expect that the P66 capital will be between $1 billion to $1.5 million. We certainly have some infrastructure investments that we'd like to make around getting the advantaged crudes to the front end of the refineries, to export infrastructure products out into attractive export markets. We've booked at what's out there on the market right now in acquisitions, and there's nothing really interesting to us at this time. So we've got our plate full in terms of executing the plan around improving our base R&M business. Improving margins, returns. As you know, we have a significant organic growth going on in our Midstream business at DCP and in our Chemicals business at CPChem. I mean, we're very comfortable with that profile of spend in both of those businesses. In terms of low NGL prices, in some ways, we balance across DCP and CPChem, and we tend to pick up margin across that value chain. But just in terms of the Midstream business itself, about $0.01 per gallon change in NGL price is about $4 million in net income for us.
Paul Sankey: The last one was controllable costs?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. Controllable costs, we've put a number out there, $200 million. We think it's a good number.  I frankly think we'll do better than that. We tend to always exceed. We've got a program we call the Optimize 66 that we're working across this budgeting process which we're in the middle of it now. And people are looking at all avenues to improve efficiency and reduce cost. And frankly, the boys have come up with some great ideas from their early work that I've seen. So I think that the $200 million is a good number for a target.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng: I have a number of questions, hopefully that they are all short in terms of your answer. Greg, do you have any low-cost, cheap capacity expansion opportunities in your Central Corridor in the Gulf Coast systems?
Greg G. Maxwell: So you're talking about Refining capacity?
Paul Y. Cheng: Yes.
Greg G. Maxwell: I don't think so. I think the investment that we're looking in the Central Corridor in the Gulf Coast is really right in infrastructure around the refineries, rather than expanding the refineries.
Paul Y. Cheng: Right. I know that you are not looking at expanding, I'm just wondering if there are opportunity for low-cost expansion at all?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. There maybe things on the back end of turnarounds, just normal de-bottlenecking that would occur in refineries. Maybe around Wood River, as we get more experience in the CORE project. But I'm not aware of any capacity additions that are coming in the Central Corridor or Gulf Coast.
Paul Y. Cheng: And Greg, since that you guys have been talking about the focus, at least for the next couple of years, on the investment, if not the infrastructure. Does it make sense, from that standpoint, that to launch a MLP for the -- put some of your Refining, related logistics also into that and then use that as a vehicle to invest, given that they have a much better funding cost than Refining in general?
Greg C. Garland: Well, thanks for being the first person to ask the MLP question. So, what we said publicly and we'll continue to say is that, in the Analyst Meeting in December, we're going to shed more light on where we're going with the MLP. As you know, we have an MLP embedded within DCP. I think we understand the potential for value creation that MLP will bring and certainly, I think DCP is using MLP very effectively to raise equity to fund their growth program. So similarly, as we're thinking about a Phillips 66 MLP, we'd look to say can we add value through raising infrastructure. So we'll tell you more about that in December, but we're working that hard, we're thoughtfully considering how do we use an MLP to the best advantage of Phillips 66.
Paul Y. Cheng: But at the minimum, Greg, based on your answer that we should assume that you guys are not resistant to the idea that this could be a value creation ...
Greg C. Garland: Oh, no, no, no. We're not resistant ...
Paul Y. Cheng: [indiscernible] good vehicle [ph] that to host those growth projects that you may be talking about?
Greg C. Garland: No, we're not resistant at all. I think we have an MLP embedded within DCP. We like it. We think it's been a very efficient way of raising equity and will continue to be a good vehicle for DCP. And we're just thinking about what's the best way for Phillips 66 to work in this space.
Paul Y. Cheng: Can I have the number of the balance sheet item that what is your inventory market value in excess of both your short-term debt or up the entire total debt? And also your working capital, as well as do you have any goodwill and intangible asset on your balance sheet?
Greg C. Garland: Okay, so let me run through those real quick again for Greg Maxwell so he can catch up. So the first one was [indiscernible] inventory relative to book?
Paul Y. Cheng: Yes. In excess of the book.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we've got a $5.5 billion of inventory on the books. I will get that additional number for you as we go through the answers. It's in the back of our Q and I'll get that for you. But I think it's in the neighborhood of $5 billion. The second question ...
Greg C. Garland: That one I think was short term debt relative to ...
Paul Y. Cheng: Short-term debt.
Greg G. Maxwell: Short term debt. What you'll see, Paul, on our short-term debt is really only the maturity of what we have coming due, as I mentioned earlier on the first tranche of the term loan. $590 million.
Paul Y. Cheng: And do you have any goodwill on your intangible asset on the book?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we have a pretty good chunk of goodwill on our books. We have about $3.3 billion of goodwill associated with the previous acquisitions. And then intangibles of just about $700 million.
Paul Y. Cheng: Okay. And what is your working capital?
Greg G. Maxwell: The working capital in total, if you look at our current assets, we have $18.5  billion -- this is all the end of second quarter, $18.5 billion of current assets of which $3.1 billion is cash. So looking at that, we have $15.4 billion of current assets and about $14.4 billion of current liabilities. That gives us a net overall working capital of about $1 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng: Perfect. 2 final quick questions. One, the share buyback, Greg, I know this would be subject to your management's discretion. Any kind of target date? How quickly that you want to complete that?
Greg C. Garland: It's an open-ended program and we're not going to disclose an end point target. But you know, as we typically don't sit on our hands, I think you should expect to see us in the market every day, but not necessarily the same amount every day.
Paul Y. Cheng: Sure. A final one, on dividend. I understand that...
Greg C. Garland: And Paul, we'll report the amount of shares that we buy or the number of shares that we buy and the amount that we've used on a quarterly basis.
Paul Y. Cheng: Perfect. On the final one, on dividend. I understand the desire, that you raise your dividend every year. But I don't know whether you gentlemen agree, but to place [ph] somewhat a loan only account [ph] that historically, looking at Refining as a just a trading group, and I think management has a great opportunity to change that perception if we boost the pay out to at least into the 3.5% to 4%. And then even at that is like 150 per share and given your earning power, it seems like you still have plenty of room that you grow over time. So I don't know if that's something that may be under consideration or that you just wanted that to go slow --
Greg C. Garland: So Paul, I read your report. I thought it was thoughtful and well done. And I think we appreciate your advice and counsel in that subject. I think that what I would like to say about dividends are, I think they're the centerpiece, they're just fundamental to our philosophy around shareholder returns and distributions. We want to pay a competitive dividend. We want to increase that dividend over time. We recognize this is a volatile business. There's going to be some years where you feel flushed with cash and some years when you don't feel as good about cash flow in the business. You'll see us protect and the defend that dividend at pretty much all cost. It's so important to us. We do want to increase it. And you'll see us use share repurchases and specials also, as we think about returning cash to shareholders. So we'll look at that total toolbox that we have in terms of dividends, increasing the dividend, share repurchases and specials in terms of returning cash to shareholders.
Greg G. Maxwell: Paul, this is Greg Maxwell. I was a little light on the number for the excess of current replacement cost over LIFO. At the end of the second quarter, it was 6.9. Sorry about that.
Operator: And the next question is from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez: I had a question on your decision to retain Alliance. Obviously, in this market, there's a lot more sellers of assets than there are buyers. I was hoping maybe you could give us some kind of indication of the interest that you saw on the asset and how much of your decision was a result of maybe a lack of interest or your actual shift in strategy on Gulf Coast crude?
Greg C. Garland: I would say it's actually a combination of both. We had a lot of people go through the data room. We had a handful of offers and another one, we really regarded, as approaching our hold value for the asset. We made the decision to put the asset on the market, it really has integrated ConocoPhillips. We kind of had 1 view of where LLS was or where it was going. I think in the interim year that's passed since we made that first decision, that our view has changed in terms of Gulf Coast crudes, particularly LLS, becoming an advantage. So you think Alliance really has more future value than -- and certainly, value today than what people are willing to pay.
Blake Fernandez: Greg, is it fair to say that Alliance is one of the key contributors to the increased export capability over the next year or so?
Greg C. Garland: So we are exporting out of Alliance and looking to increase the export out of Alliance. It's a nice refinery. Single train refinery built in '77. It's a good, solid refinery. It's just a light sweet refinery on the Gulf Coast of the U.S. And so I think that as our thinking has evolved around LLS and around exporting, we see more value in Alliance.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Fair enough. The second question I had for you was on the ethane cracker on the Gulf Coast. I see you're looking for FID in '13. I'm just trying to understand the process. The permitting component of that, do you need to have that in hand before you can move to FID? And if so, can you just tell us where you are in that process?
Greg C. Garland: Yes. So the credits we need have been acquired. Permits have been applied for. And I mean, just part of our process, we won't take FID without having the permits. And so, I think that's probably the factor that gets us there. We're in the process of -- we have a 2-step process where we do about 20% to 30% of the engineering up front. So we're just starting that, really, that first phase of engineering. But we fully expect that we'll be ready for FID in 2013.
Operator: And the next question is from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeffrey A. Dietert: On refining rationalization, there was something you talked about through the spin and now you've got Trainer done, and Alliance you've talked about retaining. So is effectively, the rationalization complete on the Refining side?
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think you'll see us continue to work the portfolio. I think we're like any company, we have a range of assets within our portfolio in terms of the returns and the future expected values of the assets. So you'll see us continue to work that. If you think about the assets around the periphery that could be non-core to us in the markets. But certainly, if you think around the Central Corridor assets, we really like those assets, we think they're long-term value-creating assets. Our Gulf Coast assets, same. And so we're not going to name specific assets today on the call. But I would say that we do have fixed our asset plans around some of our assets that are -- and you can see the numbers that we released today. Particularly, for example, the West Coast-challenged environment today, go back 2005, great earnings, great returns. But clearly, with the California crude decline, with the demand decline in California and the high operating costs that we see in California, really a challenged environment. And so we're working to put advantaged crudes to the front of those refineries and look at our cost structure and how to improve our cost structure to improve those assets.
Jeffrey A. Dietert: Very good. Slipping to crude on the U.S. Gulf Coast, particularly with Alliance. How much light crude are you importing into the Gulf Coast? I'm just trying to get an idea of what the opportunity is to shift from international sweets to domestic sweets?
Greg C. Garland: I'm not sure I've got that one. That's something that I can get, Jeff. But we run a little bit of sweet at Sweeny. So I think we've got a crude in there of 50 a day or so that West Africa or North Sea. I don't know if they're running Eagle Ford now. I think we have moved some Eagle Ford into Sweeny and moved -- but I think we're still importing at Sweeny. I think Alliance was primarily HLS and LLS. So, I don't think we were importing a whole lot into Alliance. Lake Charles, I think that was a heavy -- that's a heavy medium-sour refinery, but I can get those numbers for you. I don't think it's a big number. I don't know what our in parts are. We'll have to look at the waterborne barrels.
Greg G. Maxwell: We can get it for you.
Jeffrey A. Dietert: We'll follow up on that. And Greg, maybe just a quick update on what petrochemical demand and margins look like going into 3Q?
Greg G. Maxwell: Petrochemical demands.
Greg C. Garland: We can talk about 2Q. We are kind of hesitant to give a forecast, I think. If we think about CPChem, their volumes were relatively flat to slightly up, margins improved second quarter over first quarter. But there's a lot of turnaround activity during the kind of first half of the year, so we expect there's going to be some pressure on ethylene margins going into the back half of the year. So we think globally, we're concerned about Europe, we're concerned about China slowing down. And so I think that could have an impact on the global petrochemical business.
Operator: And the next question is from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti: My thanks as well to your accountants, especially for the appendix slides, your 25 to 28, that's very appreciated that you included that margin detail.
Greg C. Garland: We're here to serve.
Arjun N. Murti: Thats nice. You mentioned you're keeping Alliance. Just a follow-up on that, can you quantify at all, order of magnitude, what types of discounts you're now looking at for, presumably LLS to Brent, that made you want to keep this?
Greg C. Garland: Oh, I think it's $2 to $3 is what our expectations are going to be, longer term.
Arjun N. Murti: Right. So it's gone up from what would have been $1 or $2 to coupled $3-type discount?
Greg C. Garland: Absolutely.  It may take 1 year or 2 to get there.
Arjun N. Murti: Yes. That's great. And when we think about restructuring the portfolio, you mentioned the ability to get the shale to places like Bayway and Ferndale. We would've probably, at least at one point, had them on the list as kind of restructuring or potential asset sale candidates. I presume the decision to keep or not keep those very much hinges on, can you land that shale crude at enough of a discount to Brent or ANS as the case may be, and if you can, they're much more likely to remain part of the portfolio?
Greg C. Garland: Absolutely.
Arjun N. Murti: Yes. That's great. Just lastly, in terms of the -- it looks like 24% of your products slate that's heavy or non-light sweet crude. How much flexibility do you have if you wanted to run all light-sweet instead of that heavy, if the discounts are wide enough? Could you run all of that at light-sweet or would some of that have to always be heavy or is that [ph] a crude?
Greg C. Garland: Well I think we could run a lot more light-sweet if we're willing to take rate reductions. And we're running those models every day, and so, we're going to chase value versus volume. And if the models tell us that we can make more money running less crude, we will do that.
Greg G. Maxwell: But they're really configured. As you know, you get constraint at the light ends handling on the facilities and so that's what the issue is.
Greg C. Garland: We've looked at that. It seems like the numbers are -- it's like a 25% reduction in throughput to go all the way -- as far as we can, yes.
Arjun N. Murti: There must be some ability to do one for one and then it falls off, I'd assume?
Greg G. Maxwell: I think that's right. Obviously, there's a blending that you can do as well as. I think that's the approach we're taking right now.
Arjun N. Murti: Yes. And I'm sorry, one last one. You're calling WTI, WTS Canadian. Is that Canadian syncrude or is there heavy crude in that Canadian portion? This is Slide 11.
Greg C. Garland: So, yes. We've got all the WTI WTS kind of lumped together, and so.
Arjun N. Murti: But what you're calling Canadian, is that light sweet Canadian or is there WCS and heavy Canadian in that Canadian or is that all in the heavy acidic mix?
Greg C. Garland: I think that's all in the WTI. So what we've got in that 29% or 28% is we got about 100,000 of shale, we've got about 205,000 of Canadian heavy, 60,000 of Canadian medium light and then 225,000 of TI TS.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. The heavy and acid is Latin American, there's no Canadian in that.
Arjun N. Murti: Got it. So some of the Canadian heavy's are in that Canadian number.
Operator: And the next question is from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: I'll make it unanimous, as we approach the hour, that I appreciate the additional disclosure. Yes, my first question is a, maybe a follow-up to Paul's question earlier. And maybe I missed the answer, but I know you guys are very focused on cash returns. You're focused on growth in Midstream and Chemicals, but I mean, are Refining acquisitions off the table or as a similarly situated peer looked it's on its way to maximize the value uplift in an MLP structure, I mean, are those types of transactions not in your forward plans?
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. There's just nothing out there that interests us right now. In terms of acquisition in the R&M space.
Evan Calio: Okay. And in Midstream?
Greg C. Garland: Well, things are -- I don't think we would say we would not be interested in a Midstream acquisition, but I think with the valuations that we're looking at the Midstream assets right now, prices are...
Greg G. Maxwell: They look high to us. Both Chemicals and Midstream looks high on the valuations to us right now.
Greg C. Garland: So I wouldn't expect any significant M&A type deal in the near term from us. And we've said that increasing refining capacity for us is probably not in the cards. So, an acquisition of a refinery wouldn't be consistent with what we've said in the past.
Evan Calio: Understood. Second question. On the refined product export capacity that you're -- are you guys currently at that max rate? I think you mentioned is 130,000 barrels a day or effectively limited in any way in exports. Or are these expansion more to allow for profitable exit when new Gulf capacity, particularly distillate streams in 2013 or Gulf Coast utilizations ramp in a Brent [indiscernible] differential opening up?
Greg C. Garland: So we ran about 90 a day in the second quarter, which is -- it was actually down from the first quarter. But they have some turnaround activity that really impacted that. And so, our plan is to ramp exports up somewhere around 220. But we're going to chase value. So if [indiscernible] is there, we're going to take it, if not, we'll start where we can get the highest value.
Greg G. Maxwell: It's really around creating optionality for us at us at those facilities. So when the markets are better, we can participate in them.
Evan Calio: That's great. And on the railcar order, can you discuss maybe kind of cash costs or Bakken differentials you'll need to move feedstock into Bayway and whether or not there's any other transloading capacity that needs to be built out there? And are you railing anything, but currently I thought there was some volumetrics that were moving in there?
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we're doing some currently today. Yes, but we have 10,000 railcars today already, but there's probably just a couple of hundred, I would guess, in crude service right now for advantaged crudes. And that's the reason we went ahead and made the order for another 2,000 cars. So, we are negotiating with other third parties to improve access for loading and unloading. We're looking at doing some of our own infrastructure for loading and unloading, so it's kind of an all above. And yes, we're running in Bayway today, a couple -- I don't know, 10,000 or 20,000 barrels a day, I think, in Bayway today. So, the answer is yes, we like that we're trying to get as much in as we can. We're looking at all the infrastructure. Preferably, if we can get a third-party deal with someone else, that's great, if not, we'll build it ourselves.
Evan Calio: And maybe one last one, if I could. I know you guys clearly benefit on the NGL feedstock side in Chemicals. It was lower pricing and were ex impairment. Does it change, in any way, the way you look at NGL infrastructure such as Sand Hills or Southern Hills lines projects?
Greg C. Garland: I mean, those are both fee-based, for the most part, projects. We think they're good solid return projects. We're not going to slow down on those. To me, the governor is going to be on the E&P side and the development, is crude going to be $60 or is it going to be $100. And I think that will ultimately will set the pace for all this $80 billion worth of industry investment in infrastructure. But as we kind of look out, we're kind of $90 to $100 guys, so I think, in terms of our view of where crude prices go longer-term, and so, we think that there's going to be value in pursuing these infrastructure projects.
Operator: And the next question is from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Again, I'd like to echo all the additional disclosures. It's much appreciated. Thanks for that.
Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Doug.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: A couple of things. I think some of these have been touched in different questions but I wanted to get a little bit more granular on the portfolio. I mean, you still obviously have -- if of you look at the earnings mix, that clearly, things have been moving increasingly towards the U.S. That's going to be the dominant part of your business going forward. How do you feel therefore about how assets in Malaysia, I guess, Ireland -- I'm leaving Humber out, because we all know that's a phenomenal facility. But, some of these other peripheral facilities, are those a permanent part of the portfolio as given the strategic advantage the U.S. has right now over the rest of the world?
Greg C. Garland: So, I would say in the integrated ConocoPhillips, that, that asset was a strategic asset. I think if you think about Phillips 66, it's a not strategic asset for us.
Greg G. Maxwell: You're talking about Melaka.
Greg C. Garland: Melaka, yes.
Greg G. Maxwell: And Whitegate, of course, is challenged. From the standpoint, it's a light-sweet crude refinery that's fairly simple and European refining is under pressure, so. I guess we look at things from a couple of different angles. One is from the returns. So what are the returns at the facility compared to the rest of the portfolio and compared to what our targets are? Can it generate mid-teens returns? And then secondly, would be free cash flow generation. So what does that refinery do in terms of a discounted free cash after CapEx? And is it a source of capital or can we monetize it and redeploy that capital in another part of the portfolio. But those are, I would say, will be the 2 key criteria that we would use on whether or not the assets would remain in our portfolio.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: What would you expect to -- I mean, is that something that's going on as an active review or just something that's not a priority right now?
Greg C. Garland: I know, at least as part of the company that we were spun out of, we were very specific on the size of our asset disposition program and pretty public on how much we were going to sell when. I don't think we're going to take that same approach in terms of how we manage the portfolio, in terms of being as transparent on how much we're going to sell in any given year. But we have $50 billion of assets. And so, we need to be looking at our portfolio all the time and looking at the bottom 5% or 10% saying to ourselves, okay, is this worth more to somebody else or does it belong as part of our portfolio? So, you should expect us to continue to work that portfolio even if we're not saying something publicly.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Great. Terrific. And then a couple of quick follow ups if I may. The CORE project, I'm just curious, obviously, the whole thing is designed around, I guess, Canadian disadvantaged crude. But with the dynamics changing the way they have done, are you currently running heavy crude through the CORE project or are you basically -- I'm just trying to get an idea as to what the marginal economics looks like right now heavy versus light. I understand there's a yield loss or a utilization loss, but it would seem to us that the light sweet has the advantage right now?
Greg C. Garland: We like the numbers around the Canadian heavy right now or almost any Canadian crude, as you think about it. So, yes. We're running Canadian heavy today.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, I don't -- are you looking at like LLS to Maya being compressed or because actually the [indiscernible].
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Yes, I'm just trying to get an idea. I mean, obviously I bet there was huge drop off at the beginning of the quarter. But as we look forward, there's a lot -- it seems to be a lot of pipeline infrastructure coming on stream towards the back end of this year and early next year. I'm just curious of which -- what the LP would basically determine would be the better way to go. But I guess another way of asking the question is are you open to running light-sweet to [ph] cost even though the obviously, the investment was geared towards the heavy?
Greg G. Maxwell: Absolutely, of course. I mean to the extent that we'll back out other TI type barrels to run a cheaper Bakken barrel, we would do that. But quite [ph] I think we're pleased with the performance of the CORE project to date . It came up. It's run well. It's been profitable. It's done the advertised improvement in clean product yields, in capacity expansion. It's hitting on all of its metrics and so, we're pleased with that.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Last one for me. Just the big move in crude prices during the quarter. I'm just curious is there any kind of derivative or timing difference issues that helped your margins? And I'll leave it at that.
Greg C. Garland: I think it helped marketing, right? I think as crude prices or product prices fall sharply, it creates short-term margin expansion. But I don't think, in terms of inventory or trading gains, we saw a significant impact from the decline in crude price.
Operator: And the last question will be from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read: Just really kind of quick questions, maybe more on the operational front. As you look at your performance in the Mid-Con here, what you call the Central Corridor, how much of that was strictly the market and how much of that is maybe some of the changes you were able to make transportation wise, in terms of a little more permanence or at least a little bit of dislocation relative to just market indicators?
Greg C. Garland: I would think that a big part of it was the market. Part of it was improved around running more heavy at Wood River. We just talked about in clean product yield around that. We did get some more advantaged -- other advantaged crudes into the Mid-Con refineries. But if I had to guess, it's probably 80%, 85% market and 15% other improvements.
Greg C. Garland: During this second quarter, we really didn't have much turnaround activity in the central. The second quarter turnarounds were really on the coastal refineries. I guess we had 1 refinery that was down. But turnaround activity was relatively light as well. That may have helped.
Roger D. Read: Okay. And the only other question I had more on the financial side. The share repurchase, you said you're going to hold the shares as part of the treasury stock. What's the thought on that? Is that for future compensation and acquisitions? I mean, as opposed to retiring them, what's the thought process there?
Greg G. Maxwell: Roger, this is Greg Maxwell. Initially, the share repurchase program at $1 billion is about 4% over the time and since we're not starting out with really any treasury shares, the view, current view, is that we would hold those initially as treasury shares, and then we'll look at our options going forward. But as you hit on it, as you go forward, you could have some use for those. And so, that's just an opportunity for us to continue to hold those at least in the interim period.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Clayton Reasor for closing remarks.
Clayton Craig Reasor: Okay, great. Well thanks Sandra. I think it was a great initial quarter conference call. Obviously, we feel good about the results. You can find a copy of our presentation material and the sensitivity data on our website. Transcript will be there as well. And if you have follow-up questions, feel free to give us a call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.
