===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, VP of Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our Chairman, CEO and President Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and CFO Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and COO Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel Rich Walsh, and several other members of Valero's senior management team are with us today. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that we delivered positive results for the first quarter despite heavy maintenance activity across our refining system and a tough margin environment in the renewable diesel segment. This is a credit to the strength and discipline of our operations optimization and commercial teams. Refining margins improved through the quarter with U.S. light product demand slightly higher than last year and product inventories below the same period last year. On the financial side, we continue to honor our commitment to shareholder returns with a strong payout ratio of 73% in the first quarter, and in January, our Board approved a 6% increase to the quarterly cash dividend, further demonstrating our strong financial position. We continue to progress the SEC unit optimization project at St. Charles that will enable the refinery to increase the yield of high-value products, including high-octane alkylates. The project is estimated to cost $230 million and is expected to start up in 2026. We are pursuing other short-cycle, high-return optimization projects around our existing refining assets. Looking ahead, we expect tight product supply and demand balances and low product inventories to support refining fundamentals ahead of the driving season. Longer term, product demand is expected to exceed supply as there are limited announced capacity additions beyond 2025. In closing, we remain focused on the things that we can control: pursuing excellence in operations, deploying capital with an uncompromising focus on returns, and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. Our commitment remains underpinned by a strong balance sheet that provides us plenty of operational and financial flexibility. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the first quarter of 2025, we incurred a net loss attributable to Valero's stockholders of $595 million or $1.90 per share compared to net income of $1.2 billion or $3.75 per share for the first quarter of 2024. Excluding the $1.1 billion pretax or $877 million after-tax asset impairment loss related to the West Coast assets, adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $282 million or $0.89 per share for the first quarter of 2025 compared to $1.3 billion or $3.84 per share for the first quarter of 2024. The Refining segment reported an operating loss of $530 million for the first quarter of 2025 compared to operating income of $1.7 billion for the first quarter of 2024. Adjusted operating income was $605 million for the first quarter of 2025 compared to $1.8 billion for the first quarter of 2024. Refining throughput volumes in the first quarter of 2025 averaged 2.8 million barrels per day or 89% throughput capacity utilization. Refining cash operating expenses were $5.07 per barrel in the first quarter of 2025. The Renewable Diesel segment reported an operating loss of $141 million for the first quarter of 2025 compared to operating income of $190 million for the first quarter of 2024. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 2.4 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2025. The Ethanol segment reported $20 million of operating income for the first quarter of 2025 compared to $10 million for the first quarter of 2024. Adjusted operating income was $39 million for the first quarter of 2024. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.5 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2025. For the first quarter of 2025, G&A expenses were $261 million, net interest expense was $137 million, depreciation and amortization expense was $691 million, and income tax benefit was $265 million. Net cash provided by operating activities was $952 million in the first quarter of 2025. Included in this amount was a $157 million favorable change in working capital and $67 million of adjusted net cash used in operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $862 million in the first quarter of 2025. Regarding investing activities, we made $660 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2025, of which $582 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts, and regulatory compliance, and the balance was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture membership share of DGD and other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $611 million in the first quarter of 2025. Moving to financing activities, we returned $633 million to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2025, of which $356 million was paid as dividends and $277 million was for the purchase of approximately 2.1 million shares of common stock, resulting in a payout ratio of 73% for the quarter. On January 16, we announced a 6% increase to the quarterly cash dividend on common stock from $1.07 to $1.13, delivering on our commitment of a growing dividend. With respect to our balance sheet, we issued $650 million aggregate principal amount of 5.15% senior notes due February 19, 2030, in February and repaid the outstanding principal balances of $189 million of 3.65% senior notes that matured in March, and $251 million of 2.85% senior notes that matured in April. We ended the quarter with $8.5 billion of total debt, $2.3 billion of total finance lease obligations, and $4.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt to capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 19% as of March 31, 2025. We ended the quarter well-capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2025 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, regulatory compliance, and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.75 million to 1.8 million barrels per day, Mid Continent at 385,000 to 405,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 240,000 to 260,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 320,000 to 340,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be $5.15 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we now expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.1 billion gallons in 2025, reflecting lower production volumes due to economics. Operating expenses in 2025 should be $0.53 per gallon, which includes $0.24 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.6 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.41 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the second quarter, net interest expense should be about $135 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the second quarter should be approximately $780 million, which includes $100 million of incremental depreciation expense related to our plan to cease refining operations at our Benicia refinery by April 2026. We expect this incremental amount related to the Benicia refinery to be included in D&A for the next four quarters, resulting in a quarterly earnings impact of approximately $0.25 per share based on current shares outstanding. For 2025, we still expect G&A expenses to be approximately $985 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please limit each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions. Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. Our first questions come from the line of Manav Gupta with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Manav Gupta: Good morning, guys. Very resilient earnings in a tough macro. I have two questions for Gary. I'll ask them upfront in the interest of time.
Gary Simmons: So, Gary, there's a lot of chatter around here on tariffs and recessions and whatever. But what are you seeing in terms of, you know, the market dynamics, supply demand out there, for refined products. And the second one is, can you talk a little bit about the crude differentials and the quality discounts given everything we is going around, you know, OPEC probably raising volumes, land and shutting down? And probably tariffs. So if you could address those two questions. Thank you.
Manav Gupta: Yeah. Good morning, Manav. This is Gary. Happy to address that and show you kind of talk about what we're seeing on the commercial side of the business. Sales through our wholesale system were down in the first quarter a few percent typical historic levels. Our product exports were up year over year but down versus fourth quarter levels. None of this is really a reflection of demand, just more due to the heavy refinery maintenance we had during the quarter. If you look at the seven day average trends to our wholesale system, we're back to just below that 1,000,000 barrel a day level. We're showing a 1% year over year increase in gasoline sales and a 6% year over year increase in diesel volumes. Diesel sales have really been supported by higher agricultural demand as we started planning season in Mid Continent. If you look at the DOE demand data for total light products, it indicates a year over year increase in total light product demand in the neighborhood of 300,000 barrels a day which we believe is pretty accurate. It looks to us like the DOE is underreporting gasoline demand a little. If you look at the ethanol blending data, it would indicate gasoline demand flat slightly up from last year. Jet demand year to date, slightly up. And then a really nice bump in diesel demand driven largely by the cold temperatures we experienced early in the year. Globally, I think we've seen stronger light product demand as well and and more than was expected. The consultants data vary greatly here, but if you take an average of the data it would show a year over year increase in total light product demand globally of around a million barrels a day, which we think is pretty close Our data shows we had about 640,000 barrels a day in new refining capacity come online during the quarter, but then we had two refineries shut down with a combined capacity of 410,000 barrels a day. So total light product demand globally up a million barrels a day. 30,000 barrels a day of net refinery capacity additions, and then a little lower refinery utilizations due to turnaround. So you combine all that and you would expect it to see some inventory draws, which is what we've seen. Total light product inventory has drawn back to the point where once again below the five year average range, currently 36,000,000 barrels below the five year average 8,000,000 barrels below where we were last year at this time. Gasoline inventory is drawn down to the bottom part of the five year average range. Jet inventories are now below the five year average levels. Diesel inventory is well below five year average range, below last year. And now approaching the historically low levels we saw in 2022 and 2023. As we head into driving season, gasoline fundamentals look constructive. Gasoline inventory toward the bottom of the five year average range, demand at or slightly above last year, West Coast gasoline is at a twelve year low for this time of year. Unemployment remains low, which historically translates into good gasoline demand. Then the strength in European gasoline is really keeping their barrels in Europe versus the normal Transatlantic export flow in the New York Harbor. Additionally, that strength in European gasoline is opening up more for U. S. Gulf Coast refineries into Latin America. Diesel looks very strong. We had good demand early in the year due to cold weather. We've seen imports as well as domestic production of renewable and biodiesel fall off, which has created incremental demand for refinery produced diesel Despite the fact that we're at or near record lows on diesel inventory in The U. S, that we've seen in 2022 and 2023 the yard to ship on Explorer from The U. S. Gulf Coast to the Mid Continent is open due to the strong agricultural demand. Arb de Ship on Colonial to New York Harbor is open. The arb to ship from The US Gulf Coast to Europe is open, and the arb to ship to Latin America is open. So, you know, when you look at record low inventories and still have open arbs to ship product domestically and globally from The US Gulf Coast, I think that speaks well for diesel, not just domestically, but also globally. VGO remains fairly expensive, indicating tightness in that market, which likely says FCCs and hydrocrackers have to compete for for incremental VGO barrels. So, you know, again, the the fundamentals look look very strong and have and have exceeded our expectations so far for the year. I think when you go through all this data, it's actually surprising we don't see stronger refinery margins. Based on the strong fundamentals, I'd say refinery margins are under undervalued. I think right now, it's, you know, the uncertainty around the economy People have made assumptions about what happens with the economy and its impact on demand our products, and those assumptions are really driving the market right now. Thus far, the economy looks like it's been fairly resistant, but we'll have to see. All of you guys probably have better insight that to that than what I do. Turning to the the crude differentials, you know, it's been hard to really have clarity on what's gonna happen with the crude differentials in the quarter. You know, a lot of the discussions on tariffs and sanctions have certainly you know, made that hard to see where the direction that's going. I think, you know, when you look at bullish factors, certainly, the Lyondell refinery shutting down in The US Gulf Coast put 200 to 250,000 barrels a day of additional heavy sour barrels on the market. We saw record Canadian production in the first quarter, and it looks like Canadian production continues to ramp up. And then we've had the announcement of 500,000 barrels of a day additional OPEC plus production. News yesterday was that maybe even higher than the 500 barrels a day. Offsetting that somewhat, you know, we continue to see Mexican production decline a little. And then the potential for sanctions impacting Iranian and Venezuelan production. But you combine all that, and I think the likelihood is that you see more medium and heavy sour barrels on the market, which speaks well to the differentials moving forward. I don't think there's much room for him to come in any because, you know, medium and heavy sours are already trading at economic parity to light sweet. And in fact, we're seeing economic signals approach the point where you would back off a heavy feedstock and even spare coking capacity?
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you and good morning.
Lane Riggs: Hey. Good morning, Roger. I'd like to
Roger Read: morning.
Lane Riggs: Everybody. I'd like to come back on the guidance just to for the second quarter, a little light relative to to what I was in anticipating a little, I guess, you could even say a little light relative to a year ago. Is this a function of maintenance? Because it seems to run a little counter to the explanation you were just offering there, Gary. Hey, Roger. This is Greg. Yeah. It is
Greg Bram: maintenance and you can see it in a couple of the particular regions North Atlantic and Mid Con, you can see those quite a bit lower and that's all maintenance driven the Gulf Coast and the West Coast, where most of the maintenance is complete, we're getting those
Lane Riggs: kind of back to what you would typically see for throughput.
Roger Read: Okay. And then Homer, I think this is just to clarify with you. When we talked about maintenance before, you've, you know, you've pointed out there can be a difference between crude unit maintenance and downstream maintenance. So presuming the guidance is crude unit maintenance, are we looking at the ability to run some of the downstream units? Or should we take this at face value on volumes?
Homer Bhullar: Roger, it's Greg again. You know, is when you see those big throughput impacts that tends to tell you that's the front end of the plant that's shutting down. We may try to run some downstream stuff, it really depends on being able to get feedstocks into some of those particular markets. You think about the Mid Contin particular, it's hard to bring other feedstocks in when when you've got the front end of the plants down. So
Greg Bram: probably don't see as much of that in in those regions, North Atlantic as well as you would see in, like, the Gulf Coast.
Roger Read: Great. That's
Lane Riggs: would have been my interpretation as well. Okay. Thank you. I'll turn it back.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Can you walk through the decision to close the Peninsula refinery? Why now? What's changed? How should we think about the future risk to or the environment for the Wilmington refinery?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Ryan. It's Lane. So, you know, when you think about think about the West Coast, I mean, California has been pursuing policies to move away from fossil fuels or really for the past twenty years. And the the consequence of that is the regulatory and enforcement environment is the most stringent and difficult of anywhere else in North America. You know? And so if you sort of think about what's happened on the West Coast since COVID, you've had several refineries closed. You have another one closed this year. So then you start thinking about our asset base. You know, and we're looking at the difficulty and all that. So Venetia operates in the more difficult part of California with respect to the regulatory and enforcement side of this. And then on top of that, the niche should cost considerably more to to maintain versus Wilmington.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe shifting to renewable diesel markets. Can you maybe walk through where we are on the I mean, the market's are trying to reach a new equilibrium under the under the new, you know, PTC regime. Can you maybe walk through where you think we are on the path to normalization? And the timing to get there and and then maybe you know, within that you know, I know you booked some 45 z credits in the first quarter. How much should we expect to see you book? Should we expect to see that improve going forward from here? So I guess maybe just some thoughts on how that market normalizes and maybe improves over the course of the year. Yeah. This is Eric. As you look at the first quarter, one thing that we should be clear about is that we had catalyst changes
Eric Fisher: on DGD one and DGD two. So you had a pretty significant volume impact in the first quarter. That reduced a lot of the, margin opportunity for the segment. But as you said, we got PTC guidance in January, And in February, we pivoted both operations and our contracts with customers in order to begin capturing the PTC. So we didn't get a complete capture in the first quarter. We did get capture on NAFTA and staff but only about half of the RD was able to be captured because it took us a little while to get those contracts and operations shifted over. Going forward, we see, we should get a % of eligible credits on PTC for all three of those product lines. Now there are a lot of feedstock eligibility issues. So it's it's not a % of our full volume. It'll be a % of the eligible stocks. And so as that market is figuring out where the net balance is gonna be between tariffs, PTC eligibility, and and just call it flat price. We still see the market moving around there. But but going forward, we think we've got that solved. So know, as I said before, if you look at the shift from the $1 lender's tax credit to this CI based PTC, everyone knew there was gonna be a a drop in profitability going from you know, the previous program to the current program. For PTC on waste oils, which are still the most favorite feedstocks, we that's 50 to 60¢ a gallon.
Ryan Todd: On
Eric Fisher: domestic primarily domestic feedstocks. Foreign feedstocks into SAF still count, but foreign feedstocks into RD do not. And so you you know, we have kind of a unique position there that as you look at your product allocations, and your feedstocks, you have to take all of that into account. The backdrop the other backdrop you have here is you know, we've seen a big drop in domestic production, as Gary mentioned. In his comments on the macro. You've also seen a big drop in foreign imports. So the overall d four RIN production has dropped pretty significantly. Combine that with this conversation that a lot of trade groups have gone to the EPA and asked for an increase of the RIN obligation in beginning in 2026 and 2027 into to 5,250,000,000 gallons for d four RINs. So you have a drop in production plus this anticipated increase in obligation, there is some potential tailwind out there in the future at some point, if that gets proposed to the EPA and the EPA approves that probably sometime in the third or fourth quarter of this year. So you've got a little bit of upside potential there. The other one that's that may be more recent or or sooner to be revealed is the California LCFS program, those obligations that were pushed off initially, have been resubmitted to the OAL for approval. So in the next thirty days or so, should hear from California on whether or not they're going to increase their LCFS obligation by 9%. Going back to Jan one. That should put another potential increase of LCFS prices on the horizon. So hard to predict what California will do on that, but that is the the time frame for when we should get an answer know, yes or no on on LCFS modifications. So if you look at all of this and think about, okay, how does this all net out? We have seen the d four RIN move. The LCFS price has not. On the d four RIN, the increase is not enough to offset in the veg oil space. It only gets 10 to 20¢ a gallon on the PTC. You need RINs. You still need RINs to go up another 40 or 50¢ in order to offset that 80¢ loss. That veg oil is seeing, which is why you're seeing a big drop in domestic BD production. So as the market tries to figure this out, the d four RIN has to move up substantially Whether that driver is a a continued drop in production or imports, and or this anticipated increase beginning in the 2026 obligation that's gonna set what the overall volume looks like in terms of performance versus overall obligation. So it looks like you know, the two in February, we're starting to see some of this potentially improve. I think it's still more of a the upside looks more like a back half of the year for the RD segment. And then I think for our platform specifically, which is still the most advantaged when it comes to CI market market access and just overall ability to demonstrate compliance into all these different programs. We still see we'll capture the PTC, and we'll be the ones that can optimize between the feedstocks that are that are most desired into these compliance programs and then whether or not they're covered by the PTC.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks for all the detail.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Theresa Chen: Hi, Eric. Just to follow-up on that last question. So it sounds like the drop in production and imports is, structural absent recovery. In deferments and maybe more to come on that front. From a supply and competitive landscape, perspective, do you see some of that supply creeping back over time, or how does this settle out, as the market tries to find equilibrium?
Eric Fisher: I think, you know, if you look at maybe I'll put it in context of this RIN obligation. At the current 3,300,000,000 gallons, versus what we've seen in the last couple of years, The RD and BD segment production capacity could far exceed that RIN obligation. And so what was really keeping a lot of that volume
Ryan Todd: flowing
Eric Fisher: was the BTC. And so when you take the BTC out, then suddenly, as we've always said, the BTC is what kept the marginal producer operating. So we see a lot of those and this is you know, public. There's a lot of announcements of BD and RD operations that are either slowing down or or taking a pause in operations. And so everyone is looking to see when that marginal producer will come back into market because right right now, they there's not an incentive for them to run. Particularly any kind of vegetable based BD or RD.
Theresa Chen: So
Eric Fisher: if you see the obligation increase, or you see the RIN bank tighten to the point where we are physically short. I think this year, we are still long. In the d four market, but it is starting to tighten. And you can kinda see this the d four, d six RIN spread, which is know, sometimes reaching 10¢ you know, 10¢ a gallon on the differential there. So there's there's some anticipation and recognition of this. I think as that continues through the year, if you see RIN prices react, like I said, it's gotta be 40 or 50¢ additional move from what it's already moved. So we've seen go from the sixties up until the nineties, sometimes over a dollar. That is still not enough to incentivize the BD producer that used to get a dollar. And so how that will rationalize is I think everyone will and and there's no question from an ag standpoint, the farmers want to run their their BD units and their soybean oil. Otherwise, you're gonna see soybean oil con continue to get stranded from a fuel market. So I think, you know, it's really waiting to see if that RIN is going to move to offset the loss of the transition from the BTC to the PTC. I think that's the only way you're gonna see incremental production come on in the back half of the year.
Theresa Chen: That's helpful. Thank you. And on Mexico within the refining segment, would you be able to provide an update on your suspension from the registry of importers What led to this, and what is the path forward from here?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Theresa, this is Gary. If you haven't heard, I'm happy to announce that we have had our import permit reinstated Go through a little of the history. On April 9, we were notified by Mexico's Tax Administration Service that our import permit was being temporarily suspended We were told at the time that customs in Mexico had some questions as a result of the investigation that they had done that we weren't privy to. Since we began our operations in Mexico, we maintained a policy of full cooperation with all the authorities there. Implemented rigorous traceability and security controls throughout the supply chain. So it was disappointing to us that our permit was suspended. While at any prior notification or opportunity to clarify, and the timing of all this right before the Easter holiday was especially bad. Nevertheless, once we had the opportunity to reach out the stakeholders and countries, sit down and go through all the records and data with customs in Mexico. The custom authority recognizes recognized that Valeura was in full compliance of our import, reporting and tax obligations, and we were quickly exonerated of any wrongdoing. So, you know, although this is all unfortunate and created significant supply disruption for our customers, It is part of an effort in Mexico to limit the importation of illegal fuel, which is an effort we very much applaud and will positively impact our business down there going forward.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions. Good morning, Lane team.
Neil Mehta: You guys have done a great job of continuing to return cash to shareholders and you've talked about cash balances of $4,000,000,000 to 5,000,000,000 I think you're at $4,600,000,000 right now. So just talk about in this period of macro uncertainty, how are you thinking about taking advantage of you know, the balance sheet to to shrink the share count?
Homer Bhullar: Hey, Neil. It's Omar. Yeah. You're right. I mean, obviously, given the strength of our balance sheet and our current cash position, we have plenty of flexibility, and we continue to lean into buybacks with excess free cash flow going to shareholder returns. In fact, as you can as I'm I'm sure you're aware, we've drawn down excess cash the last three quarters as we've guided to. And hopefully, this quarter demonstrates the resilience of the portfolio even in the low margin environment. So I think looking forward, assuming the balance sheet is strong as it is now and like we've said in the past, where our CapEx and dividend are covered, that commitment to shareholder returns should remain a floor and any sort of excess free cash flow will continue to go towards share buybacks.
Neil Mehta: Okay. Thank you. And then the follow-up, Gary, to your comments about just inventories. For diesel, in particular, distillate, it looks really tight. Relative to the margins. So can you speak specifically to that product as you think about the distillate pool? How you're thinking about the outlook for J. T. As it feeds into that? A lot of moving pieces in diesel, but it feels like it's ground zero for the refining debate.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. I agree. Again, you know, kinda some of the things I pointed out, I mean, kind of amazing when you're close to historic lows on diesel inventory in The United States, and yet we have open arms to export to Latin America and Europe. It tells you, you know, both those regions are very short diesel as well. You know, on jet, we saw very strong nominations the first part of the year. You're starting to see some of the airlines talk about weaker jet demand moving forward. We haven't seen signs of that yet. Historically, though, you know, when people start to switch and not take not take flights for their summer vacation plans, it translates into higher gasoline demand.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my question is a follow-up on your 2Q guide. Wayne mentioned operational flexibility in his opener. Should we think about throughputs as as relatively locked in sitting at the April? Or could we see some economic adjustments this downside demand case were to materialize and reflect more in spot cracks?
Greg Bram: Hey, John, it's Greg. I would tell you that's how we see the quarter shaping up as we look at it now. Obviously, as we always do, we evaluate the market conditions and our and adjust our plans accordingly. Think if you if you think about what Gary just shared, kind of the macro view, it'd be hard to imagine in this short term period, this this next few months, that we would see ourselves moving to some kind of a lower throughput on an economic basis. So I think you can probably say this is where we expect to be. And if things improve market wise, we're obviously gonna continue to maximize throughput, maximize margin to capture as much value as we can. Yes. So really our lower guidance is a function of maintenance, not some outlook that
Lane Riggs: think there's lower demand in the future. Yeah. Absolutely. And maybe just on that, we always
Greg Bram: about doing a lot of maintenance in the first quarter. Again, if you think about the regions we're talking about, the Mid Continent and the North Atlantic, those aren't regions that really lend themselves from a from a weather perspective to doing a lot of work early in the year. You kinda wait till you got a little better weather, take less risk from that standpoint. So that's why you see a bit more work in the second quarter than you might typically see out of us, And you don't see a lot in the Gulf Coast where we tend to do that in the first quarter.
John Royall: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-up is just another one on Venetia and forgive me if I'm overanalyzing this, but just reading the wording on the press release, it struck us as maybe not a % definitive in terms of the plan. So maybe my question is is is the door open for the state or the city to make any changes or concessions that could cause you to think differently about your plans for Benicia? And do you expect that will be some sort of discussion there?
Rich Walsh: Yes. This is Rich Wallace. Let me try to answer that. You know what? I mean, just to be clear, our current intent is to close the refinery. And, you know, obviously, there's you know, there's been some initial concern from the state leadership and and, we've already had meetings with the CEC. We're working with them to minimize the impacts that would would result from the loss of the refinery. I do think there's a genuine interest in California to avoid the closure, but you know, it's also a really very complex regulatory and policy driven environment that we're dealing with. And so, you know, if you understand that challenge and how significant it is, I think you I think you need to factor that in. But, you know, yeah, we'll we we are having discussions with the state. But our intent right now is to is to close the refinery.
John Royall: Very clear. Thank you. Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Liam, I'm sorry to pound on the West Coast, but I also have a question on that, if you don't mind. In the press release, you you you well, sorry. You I I, I feel like it's been hammered pretty heavily this morning already, but in the press release, you did mention that the you also had Impaired Wilmington I think that was the the the implication of the language Can you talk about what the prognosis is for Wilmington as part of this overall, you know, debate over the viability future viability of the West Coast assets. Now I've got a follow-up on the same topic, please.
Lane Riggs: Well, I'll start I'll let Homer start to explain the impairment process, but and then I'll add to it. So go ahead. Yeah. Doug, the impairment so obviously, we performed an impairment asset
Homer Bhullar: on both on both of these assets based on the continued evaluation of strategic alternatives, right, which remains But and based on the analysis, we obviously concluded that current book value of the refinery was not recoverable. And so therefore, we revised it down to reflect the fair value of the assets. Which resulted in an impairment loss, as you cited, both for Venetia and for Wilmington. In terms of the overall impairment, it was 1,130,000,000.00. Of which about 900,000,000 was for Venetia, 901,000,000, and Wilmington was 230,000,000.
Doug Leggate: K. That's helpful. So my my follow-up, guys, is is really to think about implications going forward. And I don't know the extent to which you can share, but obviously, presumably, these are free cash flow negative. Otherwise, you wouldn't be taking the impairment. You can give some idea what the implications are for your capital spending going forward. When Benicia does go offline and whether Wilmington is still free cash flow positive, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Bram: Doug, this is Greg. I'll I'll take a shot at answering that the best I can. Others might jump in. But yes, so we don't tend to talk about refinery by refinery performance. But I think it's probably fair to say on the West Coast, if you look back over the last ten years, Venetia was generally higher operating expense, lower EBITDA, higher capital, and then as a result, obviously, lower cash flow compared to Wilmington. So I'm not sure we'll break it down any more detailed than that, but that would give you some sense
Eric Fisher: for
Greg Bram: for how those perform relative to each other. And then I think it's been mentioned, you know, when when you have a large turnaround, in front of you, which is a large cash outlay, and you think about how the how the facility has performed looking back, While that's no guarantee of the future, it does give you some sense or cause you to pause as to whether or not this is the time to take take different action, which is what you see doing.
Doug Leggate: Great. That's very helpful, guys. Thanks so much. I'll take the rest offline.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning. I have to apologize because I want to ask slightly different angle on where we can Can you tell us that when the when was the last major turnaround that you did? At Remington?
Lane Riggs: Let go back and look. The biggest one's the SEC. Okay. We just did it last year. Yeah. Just here and just recently, we did the FCC unit
Greg Bram: policy, if that's what you're looking for.
Paul Cheng: Yeah. So I mean, should we assume that as a result, at least for the mix two or three years, you do not have any major outlay, that you will expect it for Remington? In other words, then whatever decision that you're going to make, this probably going to be posed two or three years.
Homer Bhullar: Hey, Paul. Nice try, but, unfortunately, we can't comment on our future turnaround plans.
Paul Cheng: Okay. That's fair. Second question on SEF. Maybe this is for Eric. What's your production expectation in the second quarter based on the current margin for Sandd? And also that, what's the current timeline in game in plan for the second unit FID?
Eric Fisher: Yes. So second quarter, we would say we are still not in a max SAF mode. If you look at Europe, which the mandate there is still one of the primary, outlets for SAF, we see HBO over SAF and the Arcus quote. So know, our last barrel economics, are still looking at some barrels are more economic to put. Into an RD product into Europe. So, but overall, we we see growing interest in staff. We we see actually some some growing interest in the voluntary markets. With some companies that are remaining committed to their carbon reduction
Doug Leggate: commitments.
Eric Fisher: So we do see that SAF is continuing to grow, and the contracts are continuing to grow. In terms of when we would look at a second unit, I think we still have to see how this market develops through the rest of this year. You know, we see in The US, there's there's interest in The US and, like I said, corporations that are maybe looking to buy direct rather than through an airline, But until we see you know, demand exceed our capacity, and we get some certainty on an outlook in terms of policy, you know, maybe going back to the LCFS and RIN comments I made earlier, it's hard. We have the engineering done to do the same project they say Saint Charles. But right now, I think we'll have to we'd have to wait and really see how this market develops before we did any further commitment from a from a certainty standpoint.
Paul Cheng: Hey. I mean, can can you help us understand the economic? Because I thought, with the PTC you get a solar per gallon for Seth. And so that should help to really move up the economic and assume you get some premium. For 7% comparing to Audi. So you're saying that even in today's economic and with the PTC, yes, still not sufficient that for you to try to max out the set comparing to your Audi?
Eric Fisher: So that is correct. The PTC is not adequate by itself to just the project. The other thing to keep in mind is when you are allocating so if you have a unit that makes 50% RD, 50% SAF, you can't allocate all the feedstocks to one product. You have to allocate based on your your product mix coming off the tower. And so what you see is given, say, a domestic feedstock, you have you'll get 50% of PTC on your SAF product. And then 50% of your PTC on your RD product. You can't allocate a % to staff. So because of that split and the fact that half of the products you make gets a lower PTC, you have to look to staff to carry more of the work in order to justify the the project And as I said before, the PTC is much lower compared to the BTC, and that is reducing the overall overall RD margin. So if you think about if RD was breakeven and SAF was positive, then the SAF market has to be even stronger in order to meet your, your minimum 25% return whereas before, you know, both products were positive. And so really, what we're looking for is you've gotta see the RD market become more attractive. And then I think you still have to see the SAP demand exceed our current capability before we would commit to a further project. But yes, on paper, it looks like it should work. But I think you've got to see the market actually create a pull before we would commit to doing that project.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Paul.
Homer Bhullar: Our next questions come from the line of Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. So I was hoping to get your perspective on PAD5 going forward with, One Refinery closing this year, Venetia closing early next year. California is gonna become more even even more reliant on, imports. This result in just a more volatile and probably higher margins to pull sufficient imports in the West Coast, or how do see it playing out?
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary. Our view has been California will be potentially be short gasoline for several years with with periods of higher import needs during turnarounds and unplanned outages. Diesel, the market looks well supplied. But the tighter supply demand balances will likely cause more volatility in the market. When unplanned refinery outages occur. However, you know, from what we've seen so far, these tend to be fairly short lived and only last until waterborne barrels can make way into the market.
Joe Laetsch: Great. That makes sense. And then shifting gears, I wanted to ask about the ethanol segment. While margins are still challenged, traffic came in a bit better than we had expected. Could you just talk to the latest dynamics for that segment and outlook going forward for this year?
Eric Fisher: Yeah. This is Eric. I think, you know, it's interesting. We're about where we were last year if you look at the the dynamics of this current outlook, gonna have a record planting for corn. Brazil has a record crop that is in the ground. So we expect corn prices, flat corn to be at or below where they are from last year. Natural gas is cheap. So from a feedstock standpoint, ethanol looks advantaged. You know, obviously, it follows a lot of gasoline demand. We're the largest exporter of ethanol, so we saw record exports in the first quarter. But I think it's gonna be a question of do you see the the the gasoline demand that Gary mentioned earlier? And if so, then I think ethanol will look stronger in the in certainly in the second and third quarter. But right now, you know, I'd I'd say we're kind of right around mid cycle. Last year was right around mid cycle. So I'd say ethanol looks like you know, sort of a mid cycle year from an outlook standpoint. But from our know, operation plan, I mean, we'll be at max production given these economics.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please
Jason Gabelman: Yes. Hey, morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is related to natural gas dynamics and it's a two parter. In The US, you see natural gas prices move higher in impacting your operating expense. And I wonder if you're doing anything on the ground to to mitigate that expense. And then conversely, in Europe, given you have you know, an an asset there as natural gas prices are moving lower, Are you seeing the ability for that region to run its secondary units at at higher rates and and add more product to the market? Thanks.
Greg Bram: Hey, Jason. It's Greg. So I'll start in The US. You've seen a lot of volatility in the natural gas market and it's been regional as well. Lot of that has been both expectations and actual performance of some of these LNG facilities You've had a fair amount of transportation and logistics, disruptions as well. So with that volatility, we've been a bit cautious to try to go out and do anything on a forward basis and have stuck to buying buying gas on a kinda ratable as needed basis. And and the big question there still remains to be the LNG market and and how that materializes in terms of actual liftings out of The US Again, as you know, some of that depends on that LNG is pointed. And, and some of the economic factors that will drive that. In in Pembroke, the only thing I could really say about that is where natural gas prices are currently for our operation, they aren't causing us to really change our mode of operation They're in a place where we're gonna run the way we typically run. Maximizing throughput, maximizing production. The only thing we ever look at there is maybe shifting fuel sources between natural gas in different NGLs that might prove to be a bit more economic. But that's a fairly typical optimization we do on a on a regular basis.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. I think most of my other questions were answered, so I'll leave it there.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jean Ann Salisbury with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Hi, good morning. Can you talk about what you expect for the onetime overall cash impact that you expect from closing Venetia between the land value, selling down inventory and then just closure cash costs? And is Venetia a good proxy for the exit cost of a US refinery?
Homer Bhullar: Yeah. So you might have seen, you know, in our in our eight k, we disclosed what the AR hope for the was gonna be. Yeah. So I'll yeah. So, I mean, I think that that's the number.
Lane Riggs: Well, I guess I also have to look. Placement of inventory. Right? That's a part of the Yeah. From a cash flow standpoint. Yeah. That's that's what should be yeah.
Jason Fraser: Yeah. Yeah. This is Jason. You'll you'll you'll get the the cash for the inventory fairly quickly. The other cash will be expended that's represented by the ARO for a series of years. Several years after the closure.
Homer Bhullar: As we undertake cleanup and dismantling and things like that. And any any realization of real estate related proceeds is several years out too.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, LPG tariffs on U. S. LPG have kind of gone into effect in China. Do you see this materially impacting feedstock costs or just naphtha or lightens pricing if it continues
Greg Bram: Gene, this is Greg. Yeah. I'll I'll start. Gary may have something to add. But at this point, we haven't seen it have much of a disruption on overall trade flows. And and market prices here in The US. So I think it'll remain to be seen whether starts to develop as the year progresses.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. I think the combination of what's happening, you know, in China and The and Venezuela, NAFTA is still flowing to Venezuela as diluent, but that'll kinda come to an end at the May. At that time frame, it it it's likely that you could see NAFTA get a little weaker.
Jean Ann Salisbury: Okay. Great. That's all for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final questions will come from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor Pickering Holt and Company. Please proceed with your questions.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thanks, and good morning. You provided some helpful commentary on the biofuel regulatory front in regards to things like the RVO and the California low carbon fuel standard I was I wanted to get your take. Do you see momentum building for nationwide e 15? And if so, could you talk about how that might affect your business?
Eric Fisher: Yeah. This is Eric. I think there's a little bit of a mess in the Midwest right now. Where the seven governors asked for e 15 without the one pound waiver.
Lane Riggs: And
Eric Fisher: then realized within, you know, short there's within weeks of converting to summer grade, that that creates a lot of complexity in terms of the supply into the Midwest. That they then asked the EPA to grant a twenty day emergency waiver you know, again, for the one pound waiver for both e 10 and e 15. So you know, you I don't think you see a lot of, positive support for that supply chain completely shifting to e 15. There's still a lot of complexity at the retail level, at the consumer level's willingness to switch. So now that all being said, in a lot of those Midwest Midwest states we're watching, we do see some incremental e 15. It's not substantial growth. In now in those sales, but we are seeing some incremental sales of e 15. I think nationally, we're still far away from that becoming a a reality or even a proposal. The governors did ask for that, but but I doubt EPA is gonna do that, from a blanket standpoint for the entire US. The other thing I would say just from a fundamental standpoint, The US ethanol production is slightly long into an export. That, we mostly
Lane Riggs: perform.
Eric Fisher: But there is not enough ethanol in The US to go to e 15. I think we've done the math, and you can get to a max of about e 12. So if there was some kind of mandate to go to e 15, you would be you would be short in the US, and it would require probably in the short term some import of ethanol from from likely Brazil. So you look at all of that from a policy standpoint, I think you'll see you'll continue to see the Midwest states push for e 15. They are getting some traction there, but that commercial growth is very slow, and I don't see that going beyond the Midwest states, anytime soon.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you. And then on the refining side, do you think it's reasonable to assume a quarter over quarter improvement in capture for the second quarter as you roll off the maintenance from the first quarter Or are there other considerations that we should take into account?
Greg Bram: Hey, this is Greg. You know how this goes. There's lots of factors that will have an impact on capture the secondary products market structure on the crude side. So it's hard to say where things go. A couple of things that that tend to be fairly structural on a seasonal basis. As we pull butane out of the gasoline pool, as we move into the summer, that tends to be against us on capture, so that's one thing to watch. And then other than that, it's hard to say this early in the quarter where where things would go. As far as maintenance goes, to the extent that our outages have a larger impact on throughput, probably says they'll have less of an impact on capture rates. So we'll have lower throughput. But you'll see the the margin will will move kind of in concert with that.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question and answer session. I would now like to hand the floor back over to Homer Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Daryl, and appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thanks, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero Energy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our Chairman, CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Lane, for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by highlighting some of our team’s accomplishments last year. 2024 was our best year for personnel and process safety and one of our best years for environmental performance. Safe and reliable operations drive overall performance and disciplined operations. In refining, we processed a record volume of heavy sour crude in the fourth quarter. This demonstrates our refining systems flexibility and highlights the capability of our commercial and operations teams to be able to secure and process the most economic crude oils. Finally, we set a record for ethanol production with the expansion of the Charles City plant and process optimization in other sites. Our team’s relentless focus on operational excellence and low cost operations enabled us to deliver positive results in the fourth quarter in an otherwise weak margin environment. On the strategic front, we continue to deliver on our commitment to grow Valero’s earnings capacity through organic investments. The DGD Sustainable Aviation Fuel project was successfully started up in the fourth quarter and is now fully operational. Looking ahead, we are progressing with an FCC Unit Optimization project at St. Charles that will enable the refinery to increase the yield of high value products including high-octane alkylate. The project is estimated to cost $230 million and is expected to start up in 2026. And, we continue to pursue other short cycle high return optimization projects around our existing refining assets. On the financial side, we continue to honor our commitment to shareholder returns with a strong payout ratio of 78% for the year. And earlier this month, our Board approved a 6% increase in the quarterly cash dividend further demonstrating our strong financial position. Looking ahead, refining margins should be supported by low light product inventories ahead of the driving season. And longer-term, we still expect product demand to exceed supply with the announced refinery shutdowns this year and the limited capacity additions beyond 2025 supporting long-term refining fundamentals. So with that, Homer, I’ll hand it back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the fourth quarter of 2024, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $281 million or $0.88 per share compared to $1.2 billion or $3.55 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023. Excluding the adjustments in the earnings release tables, adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $207 million or $0.64 per share for the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to $1.2 billion or $3.57 per share for the fourth quarter of 2023. For 2024, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.8 billion or $8.58 per share, compared to $8.8 billion or $24.92 per share in 2023. 2024 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.7 billion or $8.48 per share compared to $8.9 billion, or $24.96 per share in 2023. The Refining segment reported $437 million of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $1.6 billion for the fourth quarter of 2023. Refining throughput volumes in the fourth quarter of 2024 averaged 3 million barrels per day or 94% throughput capacity utilization. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.67 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2024. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $170 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $84 million for the fourth quarter of 2023. Renewable Diesel sales volumes averaged 3.4 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2024. The Ethanol segment reported $20 million of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $190 million for the fourth quarter of 2023. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.6 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2024. G&A expenses were $266 million for the fourth quarter of 2024 and $961 million for the full year. Depreciation and amortization expense was $698 million. Net interest expense was $135 million and income tax benefit was $34 million for the fourth quarter of 2024. The effective tax rate was 19% for 2024. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. Included in this amount was $119 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding this item, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $951 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2024 was $6.7 billion. Included in this amount was a $795 million favorable change in working capital and $371 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $5.5 billion in 2024. Regarding investing activities, we made $547 million of capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2024, of which $452 million was for sustaining the business including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and the balance was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member share of DGD and other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $515 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 $1.9 billion for the year. Moving to financing activities, we returned $601 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter of 2024, of which $339 million was paid as dividends and $262 million was for the purchase of approximately 2 million shares of common stock resulting in a payout ratio of 63% for the quarter. In 2024, we returned $4.3 billion to stockholders consisting of $2.9 billion in stock buybacks and $1.4 billion in dividends, resulting in a payout ratio of 78% for the year. In fact, since the start of 2021, our total cash flow from operations have exceeded our total uses of cash over this period, including capital investments. During this time, we’ve delivered over $4 billion of debt reduction and returned approximately $18.7 billion to stockholders through dividends and share buybacks. Through share repurchases, we reduced our share count by approximately 6% in 2024 and by 23% since year-end 2021. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $8.1 billion of total debt, $2.4 billion of finance lease obligations and $4.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 17% as of December 31, 2024. And, we ended the quarter well-capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2025 to be approximately $2 billion which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, regulatory compliance and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.72 million to 1.77 million barrels per day, Mid Continent at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 190,000 to 210,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 455,000 to 475,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.95 per barrel. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2025. Operating expenses in 2025 should be $0.51 per gallon, which includes $0.22 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.6 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.41 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $130 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $710 million. For 2025, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately $985 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please limit each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question is coming from John Royall of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, my first question is maybe to Gary, just broadly on market color. You’ve always given us a good view of the fundamental picture in the sector. How do you view the supply demand balances today for products and the outlook for cracks for this year? And, what do you think are the key things we should look out for in terms of just any early indicators of when this market might turn back up?
Gary Simmons: Yes John, it’s always difficult to get much of a read on the market this early. I’ll tell you that we typically see our sales through our wholesale channel dip fairly significantly through the holiday season, kind of goes through the first couple of weeks of the year then starts to recover. We saw that same dynamic this year, sales kind of dipped to about 85% of average. The last couple of weeks we’ve seen a nice recovery back to kind of, a 1 million barrels a day level that we typically see. I think yesterday we did 1,040,000 barrels a day. Gasoline sales in our system year-to-date are slightly down year-over-year. I think when you look at the concentration of our marketing this makes sense. The snow in the south and southeast kept people off the road and then the Colonial Pipeline outage limited our volumes we had available to sell in some markets. For that window the pipeline was down. Our current 7-day average data shows gasoline sales up 2% year-over-year. Overall what we can see is gasoline demand looks good and we expect gasoline demand in the United States to be fairly flat to last year. Diesel sales year-to-date in our system are also off a few percent. This was a little more surprising to me mainly because of the cold weather that we’ve seen. But, I think if you look into the data a little bit more it makes sense. We had about 10,000 barrels a day of Renewable Diesel from Port Arthur that was going to our wholesale channel that we were selling. That material is now going to produce sustainable aviation fuel. So, that’s a chunk in the year-over-year decline in diesel sales. In addition to that, we saw the same dynamic on diesel with some of the snow impacting on-road diesel demand. And then, I think if you look at Valero, we don’t have a big marketing presence in the markets where you see high heating oil demand. So, we don’t really see that big uplift from the cold weather that you may see. We definitely get that on the bulk side but not through wholesale. 7-day average shows diesel sales are up about 1% and that’s kind of what we expect for the year about a 1% increase in diesel demand in the United States. Most consultants I’ve read are showing about a 250,000 barrel a day increase in diesel demand just due to cold weather in the North Atlantic Basin. Not only do we expect diesel demand to be better but we expect a greater percentage of that to be supplied by refinery derived diesel. Last year we had the big wave of bio and renewable diesel projects hitting the market. We don’t see that same dynamic this year. So, I think overall things are shaping up pretty nicely. We’re at total light product inventory 9 million, 10 million barrels below where we were last year at this time. So, inventory is in good place. I think at the beginning of the year the supply demand balances look similar to last year, but as you progress through the year you’ll see gradual tightening of supply demand balances.
John Royall: Great. It’s very helpful. Thank you, Gary. And then, my second question is on capital allocation. You finished the year with another quarter well above your 40% to 50% floor and high-70s for the full year. But assuming we don’t have a significant recovery in cracks from here, how should we think about that payout ratio in a lower crack environment in ‘25? Should we expect you to move closer to that 40% to 50% floor?
Jason Fraser: Good morning, John. This is Jason. I’m going to ask Homer to give you a little more detail on that.
Homer Bhullar: Sure. Yes, John, I mean, you’re right. We had a 78% payout for the year, but that was partly funded by our excess cash balance going into the year. But, if you want to put this into context with some numbers, if we had held our shareholder payout ratio at 50% for the year, we would have built almost $1.7 billion of cash for the year. Even if you excluded the $795 million of positive impact for working capital for the year and include the $167 million debt repayment we did in the first quarter of 2024, we would have still built over $700 million of cash. Now taking that a bit further, even if you look at the low margin environment in the fourth quarter, we still would have been able to honor our minimum payout commitment of 40% to 50% without leaning into the balance sheet or drawing down cash. So, hopefully this gives you some context of the earnings capacity of the portfolio even in a low margin environment and our ability to invest capital obviously honor our shareholder commitment and flexibility with debt in our balance sheet.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Thanks guys. I think Gary, you might be the most popular man in the call today, Lane, I apologize, but there is obviously a lot going on.
Lane Riggs: That’s okay, with me Doug.
Doug Leggate: So, I got to try just a couple of, someone has got to do it. I am going to try a couple of high-level ones if I may. The headlines I saw just a couple of hours ago was that Trump is still going to go ahead with tariffs on Canada. And, I seem to recall that the last time there were problems with heavy oil supply at Canada, there was a second order effect that everyone seems to have forgotten about. And, I wanted to run this past year and just get your perspective on it. And that is that, if you need to find a substitute for that much heavy oil, you’re going to have run cuts, you’re going to have utilization yield issues funding your system and so on. And, I wanted to see if you guys thought there was any sense to that in the context of actually became a thing as it relates to the substitution of lighter crude and some heavy grades. What would you guys do?
Gary Simmons: Yes, so Doug this is Gary. And, I can tell you we’ve been aware of this for a couple of months and so our commercial teams and optimization teams have been working hard to develop every possible scenario we can think of and how we would respond to that. Of course it’s why we like our position on the U.S. Gulf Coast because you can source feedstocks from anywhere around the world and where we also like our feedstock flexibility. But yes, there is a point where if heavy feedstocks become limited, it affects rate and production of clean products certainly from our assets and we’d expect industry-wide.
Doug Leggate: So, presuming this, assuming this is transit rate is not a big deal, but if it did drag on for an extended period of time, particularly as we switch into summer grade, I mean could it be meaningful or is that a rounding error?
Gary Simmons: Greg, you want to? Yes.
Greg Bram: Hey, Doug, this is Greg. Yes, when we think about it and look at some of those different scenarios, you might see a 10% change in throughput. A lot depends on how far it goes and how deep you have to back off on some of those heavy barrels. But, it wouldn’t be driving things to a much greater degree than that, I don’t think.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I want to start meaningfully enough when you were talking about the situation you got right now. So, we’re searching for green shoots, that’s really what these questions are about. So I apologize I’m going to try another high-level one and it really relates to your throughput guidance. So obviously everyone is focused on whether it does focus or Lyondell closing or Grangemouth or whatever it happens to be. But it seems to me that coming out of COVID, utilization rates, the concentration or the absence of good maintenance got solved and the concentration of great maintenance meant everybody run well. And, it seems to us with no storms and all the things you run through, Gary, there are probably about 3% or 4% of utilization that was kind of a best-in-class world for the U.S. last year, which is basically four refineries if you think about it. And so, when I look at your guidance for the quarter, you obviously don’t give forward cadence for commercial reasons through the rest of the year. But at a high-level, how do you see the likelihood that the industry, the U.S. industry specifically can continue to run at those kind of levels given the backdrop we’ve had and the fact that we’re down 10% in the last three weeks in utilization?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I think certainly what you’ve seen utilization in the last few weeks is somewhat weather related along with the maintenance activity. I think given the advantages that U.S. refiners enjoy on feedstock cost and energy cost, you should expect to see that U.S. refining continues to run at higher utilization rates and when you have run cuts, they occur elsewhere in the world where they don’t have the natural resources advantages that we have.
Doug Leggate: I think I was thinking more about the reliability aspect as opposed to the cost advantage aspect?
Gary Simmons: Yes, and I’m sure we’ve certainly seen an improvement in our system on mechanical availability and I suspect our peers have as well and it’s something we always strive to get better and better at.
Doug Leggate: Great. All right, guys, sorry for the high-level questions. But I’ve had my two, so I’ll leave it there. Thanks so much.
Gary Simmons: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team. Just a couple of questions on the quarter itself. Renewable Diesel performance came in I think better than what most market participants were expecting and better than implied by the indicators. So, just curious on any thoughts there and the outlook for that business as we work our way through 2025?
Eric Fisher: Yes, this is Eric. I think a lot, there was a one-time benefit with some inventory optimization at the end of the year that was the bulk of that higher than expected performance. There is a little bit of SAF in that, but I would make it clear that that was mostly some inventory optimization we did at the end of the year. In terms of forward-looking in Renewable Diesel and SAF for us, we are all kind of waiting to see how this market is going to develop and how the policy is going to develop. But overall, things are very much staying in-line with kind of what we thought was going to happen. The 45Z has now replaced the blender’s tax credit. We can see that that’s now going to limit product imports into the U.S. It is going to make it a carbon intensity scale rather than a flat dollar to every renewable product. All of that is advantageous to Diamond Green Diesel and our platform because like the refining platform, our feedstock flexibility, our ability to export to any of the other markets. And, I think consistent with our outlook from last year, the most attractive markets are going to be in Europe and Canada compared to U.S. and California. So overall, we’re waiting to see how RINS are going to respond, how LCFS is going to respond. And, I think you will see those changes emerging in the market in the next couple of months as some of those production and credit reports emerge on how the year ended. Gary already mentioned that we don’t see any increase in renewable production this year. It’s still long compared to say D3 RIN credit bank or D4 RIN credit banks and LCFS credit banks but we do also expect you’re going to see some correction in production that will eventually start to pull those credit banks down throughout the year.
Neil Mehta: That’s helpful. And then, independent of tariffs it was notable the amount of heavy that you were able to run through the system. And I think there were some concerns about coking economics in the quarter given how tight fuel oil was, but clearly you were able to optimize the system to run over 600,000 barrels a day of heavy sour oil. So can you just talk about how you were able to do that and the commercial approach to maximizing heavy in a time when fuel oil is pretty tight?
Greg Bram: Hey, Neil, this is Greg. I’ll start and then Gary can talk some more about the market. But, you hit on I think the key factor which is as the fuel oil prices, those differentials narrowed that with fuel oil typically being a feedstock in our Gulf Coast system, we pivoted away from that towards the heavy crudes as an alternative, which continued to show some good value. So, that’s why you see that shift towards more heavy sour crude. You also notice a reduction on the heavy resid feedstocks that we’ve processed as well. And that’s kind of how we got to the high-level of heavy crude processing. Also keep in mind, we’ve got the Port Arthur coker online that shifts us to a bit of a heavier feed slate as well. So, that’s part of what you see in that number as well.
Neil Mehta: Thanks you.
Operator: Would you like to move on to the next question?
Greg Bram: Yes, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. On the tariff topic specifically, understanding that you’re not captive to any specific source of crude based on your footprint and the optionality you have on the Gulf Coast. But as we think about the tariff on Canada, Mexico incremental sanctions potentially on Venezuela, how are you thinking about light heavy differentials as we move through the year?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Theresa, this is Gary. I think I’ll start with kind of fundamentals but then cut to really what’s driving the market and certainly on the fundamental side typically this time of year you see less buying of medium and heavy sours just due to turnaround activity. In addition to that, Lyondell coming down puts another 200,000 barrels a day heavy on the market. Calls for OPEC crude, second quarter 2025 180,000 barrels a day of medium sour crude. So, all those things would be supportive of water quality differentials, but in reality the discussions on sanctions and tariffs are really what’s driving the market and until we see some resolution to that, I don’t expect any meaningful moves in the quality differentials.
Theresa Chen: Understood. And, related to the St. Charles FCC project, would you be able to provide a little bit more color on this, what the optimization means in terms of incremental improvement in the yield of high value products?
Greg Bram: Sure, Theresa, it’s Greg. Lane mentioned it costs about $230 million. It definitely meets our investment hurdle at mid-cycle pricing. And, one of the key outcomes for the project is increasing the production of light olefin product out of the FCC. And, what that really means is that’s additional feedstock we can use to fill the alkylation capacity we have downstream of the FCC there. You might remember we started up a C5 alkylation unit at St. Charles back in late 2020 and with some tweaks and optimizations we’ve done to that unit since. We’ve got some spare capacity in the alky and with this project, you will increase high-octane alkylate production by something on the order of 6,000 to 7,000 barrels a day. That’s one of the key outcomes and the things that drive the value. It’s really a good example of identifying some key equipment constraints within the operation that when we modify those constraints of that equipment, allows us to take full advantage of the capability not only of the FCC unit in this case, but other equipment and other units in the refinery and again in this case the alky and that’s how we generate a good return from the project.
Theresa Chen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. I wanted some additional color on the North Atlantic capture. Looks like it jumped from 102% last quarter to about 118% and similarly the Gulf Coast capture jumped from about 76% to 86%. So Gary, if you could help us out a little, what were the some of the factors helping you drive that kind of capture improvement?
Gary Simmons: Sure. I’ll let Greg answer.
Greg Bram: Hey, Manav. A couple of things I’d point out on the North Atlantic, really it’s a bit of a system question. So, it’s North Atlantic and Gulf Coast as well, but we go into the wintertime, we start blending more butane into the higher RVP gasoline. That gives us a bit of a bump in capture as that adds value into the gasoline pool. In both those regions as well, you had good contributions from the wholesale side of the business, the commercial parts. So, we saw some benefit from that. On the Gulf Coast, the other notable item would really be, if you look at Maya relative to the Canadian grades that we use for the benchmark, Maya was a bit more discounted. Certainly, when you look at it quarter-over-quarter, and so that helped you improve the crude cost that we saw for the heavy crudes into the Gulf Coast.
Manav Gupta: Quick follow-up here is, we are seeing a very strong diesel margin and slightly weaker gasoline and I know Valero can move the yield around a lot. So, are you already operating in max diesel mode or how much more can you swing the yield more towards diesel or do you think this is very temporary like once you come February and March the gasoline demand will improve and the cracks will start to balance out each other?
Greg Bram: Manav, this is Greg. Yes, we are definitely in max diesel mode. As you mentioned the cracks would drive us in that direction and we’ll see as we get into gasoline season whether the gas crack shifts enough to push us the other way.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi, everyone. Just continuing on the themes that we’ve had this morning. Can you talk a bit about the Atlantic basin and all the trade arbitrages? And, I think it’s obviously tough to make a firm’s outlook here with all that’s moving around. But, I wondered what have you been seeing, let’s say over the past two months to six months in terms of the major new Nigerian refinery. There’s been a lot of action in the dollar versus the euro. There’s obviously been all the cold weather effects. So, I just wondered if you could describe a little bit what we’ve been seeing in the market in the Atlantic Basin and what your outlook is for the coming year? Thanks a lot. Tough question.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so I’ll start with the Dangote Refinery. I think, from what we can see and what we read they do have their resid FCC up and running. We see that commercially. They’re not offering out the fuel oil or the resid that we were buying from them. We also see less imports of gasoline into West Africa which is all consistent with Dangote continuing to ramp up. With that though, however, what we’ve seen is that generally tends to impact Europe more than it does the U.S. gasoline that was going to West Africa gets backed into Europe. We haven’t really seen much of an impact from that. Our gasoline exports primarily go to Latin America. You can see in the fourth quarter, we were 98,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports into that market, which is consistent of where we’ve been. I can tell you in the first quarter, we’re right about that same level again. Diesel has been somewhat interesting. The cold weather in the U.S. kind of has the U.S. market strong, so you actually see a few cargos from Europe actually booked in the New York Harbor, which is an abnormal trade flow. We do see that correcting when you get to the second half of February. We’re already seeing an open arb to export back from the U.S. to Europe. So, nothing too abnormal on trade flows. I think by and large what you’ve seen is that the Dangote startup in the North Atlantic Basin has been largely offset with Lyondell coming down and Grangemouth coming down and they’re kind of counterbalancing each other and keeping trade flows about what we’ve seen historically.
Paul Sankey: That’s brilliant. Thanks very much. And just, if I could follow-up, thinking about the reality of tariffs, could you describe maybe a situation of how they would work? I mean what happens? Do you just suddenly have to stop paying it overnight or how does it work? If you’ve got any ideas, I’d be grateful. Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Without having really any clarity on what’s going to happen, there’s no reason for us there, no way we can really speculate on how we deal with it. We’re just going to have to deal with it when it comes up.
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul, it’s Lane. All I add is, I mean it depends on the market, right. If you’re a captive market, they’re going to, it will somehow get shared between the refinery and say the Canadian crude producer because there’s some captive markets in the Mid Continent. In the Gulf Coast, somehow that will all ultimately get sort of priced in depending on what how the refiners configured and what their alternatives are and then we’ll just have to see how long it lasts.
Paul Sankey: Got it. Have there been examples of it happening in the past that you can think of where you suddenly have to pay 25% more for a given crude?
Lane Riggs: No, and I’ve been around a long time.
Paul Sankey: Got you. I think that, Lane.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: All right. Lane, I’m still chuckling from, you’ve been around a long time answer there. Maybe coming back a little bit on the whole changing in capacity, so obviously you mentioned the shutdown of Grangemouth. We had to shut down here locally of Lyondell and we have some more stuff likely coming in Europe beyond what’s been announced. I’m just curious how you all are seeing some of those dynamics play out in terms of just crude availability, let’s leave the tariff thing aside and maybe how that’s playing out along the Gulf Coast?
Gary Simmons: Yes, so I think the only thing we can see is you’ve definitely seen the dynamic in the market of Lyondell stopping to buy and they were buying a lot of especially a lot of Canadian. And so, we’ve seen more of those barrels become available to us as they backed off the market.
Roger Read: Does that materially change price or is it just an availability question?
Gary Simmons: It’s so difficult to tell because it’s been going along at the same time with all these tariffs and sanctions discussions. So, it’s kind of those discussions have muted any market impact there would be of Lyondell pushing the barrels back so far.
Roger Read: Okay. And then, as a follow-up question from earlier about I think Doug was asking it about the industry’s ability to maintain utilization as you look forward through the year thinking about some of these closures that have happened. And, if you look at on a year-over-year change of U.S. inventories, whether you look at crude alone or crude plus products or just products, all are down year-over-year, little more severe on the crude side than on the product side, but it would imply a lot of tightness. And if you can’t, I’d say if you can, if the industry cannot maintain these levels of utilization, it would imply either much lower inventories or lower exports, but is there anything I’m missing in that general thought process?
Gary Simmons: No, I think you’ve got it nail on the head. When we look at the balances, the inherent assumption that you’re going to see similar supply demand balance as the last year and gradually tightening is the fact that the industry at a high actual utilization is going to go up to meet demand. And so, that certainly we haven’t had a major weather event the last year. Any kind of a major weather event to knock capacity offline or unreliability event can tighten things up a lot. If you look we’re especially on the diesel side we’re within 10% on inventory where we were in 2023. In 2023 we had a $45 diesel crack versus where it is today. I mean the inventory position is not significantly different if the margin environment is fairly significantly different. It could change in a hurry.
Roger Read: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe a couple of follow ups on the biofuel side. I mean, you talked some about your, like the broader 2025 outlook with all the moving pieces there. As we think about the early part of this year, like first quarter in particular, PTC goes away December 31. It feels like it’s going to take some time, at least a few months for the market to kind of meet you in equilibrium with the 45Z and some of the impacts on imports and domestic production. Is there a risk to like first how does this play out in the first quarter? Is there a risk that economics kind of fall off the table in the first quarter as this stuff gets sorted before it reaches kind of a better equilibrium later on in the year?
Eric Fisher: Yes, I think if you look at the conversion of the PTC where everyone got a dollar to now this carbon intensity based credit, we’ve run the U.S. credit model that was just released. For veg oil that’s zero for canola oil, it’s $0.16 for soybean oil and waste oils are in the $0.50 to $0.60 per gallon range. And so, at the end of the day that is all less than a dollar. So, if you needed that dollar to breakeven and now you’re getting $0.16 it’s a fairly negative margin environment for non-waste oils. I think everyone can see that. I think there’s growing recognition that this is going to be very difficult to see a lot of the biodiesel side and veg oil side operate at these lower incentives. How that plays out in terms of production reconciliation through the first quarter, everyone’s looking to see well, but hand-in-hand we also see the imports that were coming to the U.S. to get that dollar are now stopped. So, how will that balance out? We haven’t seen a lot of change in feedstock prices to reflect a lot of this, but I think there’s great recognition that there’s going to be some movement in overall production and overall feedstock prices kind of as you go through the first quarter and see some of these early reports coming in on what are we seeing in terms of generation of credits. And so again I think being a waste oil unit on the Gulf Coast we’re the most advantaged in terms of how we can react to these things and it still mostly favors waste oils which our platform is based on. So, I think we’re still in a good position versus our competitors. It’s just but there’s no doubt overall there’s lower incentive for all of this in this PTC world.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. And then, maybe a follow-up on SAF. I mean can you maybe just provide a little bit of an update in terms of your SAF operations at this point, maybe some idea of level of production and how you think about the contribution of SAF economics there in 2025?
Eric Fisher: Yes. So, as Lane mentioned this in his opening comments, the project started up in the fourth quarter. Again, credit to our project team on finishing ahead of schedule and under budget. We had a flawless start up. It started up on spec. We spent most of the time in the fourth quarter doing test runs and initial fills on tanks. But throughout all our test run trials, we showed a very wide range of operability, all of which more than met our project goals operationally. So, unit hardware looks great, production has been very smooth and we made our first sales in November and we saw the QA/QC and all of the traceability and accreditation flow all the way from production to neat SAF to blended SAF to delivery to final customer. And so, we spent a lot of time in the fourth quarter just sort of proving the system out. In terms of going forward, we’re not going to really get into a lot of detail because what I’d say is what we have now is very good flexibility to meet all the project economic goals and that we set out with the original project. But if you look at say the Argus market in the EU and the U.K., right now you see HBO at or better than SAF. So, we have flexibility to make either barrel into the European market and so really what we’re doing now is just tuning that optimization as we see SAF customers really starting up in the first quarter because of the 2% mandate that you see in the EU and U.K.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning.
Lane Riggs: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Maybe this is, I want to go back to Eric. The PTC, I don’t think that the detail is out. So, when you guys report the first quarter, should we just assume that in your gross margin the PTC is also that you will drop by $1 per gallon, but you’re not going to recall any benefit or that you would put some kind of provision or anything that you would just come through? And also, whether that you can share how much is the fourth quarter inventory benefit or optimization benefit that you are referring to earlier? That’s the first question. The second question maybe for Lane. U.S. natural gas price look like it’s going to be higher. So, if we look at your system, do you see a lot of opportunity of reducing your energy cost further or that you have already done so much is really difficult and will be too expensive if you’re trying to have any meaningful reduction in the energy cost from the current level?
Eric Fisher: Okay. So, I’ll start on the margin indicator. We had the same discussion that our margin indicator still includes the $1 PTC in the calculation. One of the challenges in this PTC environment is because it’s carbon intensity based, that will vary with our feedstock slate. And so, we haven’t had enough run time or as you said, enough clarity to really know how this is all going to line out because we can think of scenarios where certain feedstocks get very cheap that might have a higher CI or we’ll continue to see the incentive to run the lowest CI feedstocks and those obviously have higher benefits in the PTC. So, it’s a little hard to nail down the, how we want to adjust the margin indicator. So our decision, we’re going to keep it the same for now until we see a little more development on how we’re going to be running in this new policy environment.
Paul Cheng: Eric, I’m sorry, I’m not asking about the margin indicator. I’m asking that when you report the first quarter result in your result, should we just assume that you would take out the $1 per gallon for the PTC in your margin and not including any benefit from the PTC because that’s not being finalized or that when you report the result in the first quarter, you actually will do some provisional estimate of what your DGD results should be under the PTC as you understand?
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul, this is Lane. The way we do our financials is particularly on that side, it’s really on the act. There won’t be a provisional like, hey, we think the PTC benefit is going to ultimately be this, if it’s not, we don’t have clear policy in the first quarter, it will be whatever it is.
Paul Cheng: Okay, so we will just pick out the PTC benefit but not including any estimate for the PTC for you guys?
Lane Riggs: Correct.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And how about in terms of Eric, can you share what is the inventory benefit in the fourth quarter?
Eric Fisher: Yes, I don’t think we’re going to give that level of detail out. But, it was just an end of year optimization that we did at both units in the fourth quarter.
Paul Cheng: All right. So, how about, Lane, about the energy cost?
Lane Riggs: I’m going to at least initially push this over to Greg. So, go ahead Greg.
Greg Bram: Hey, Paul. So, with low energy costs and a lot of that meaning low natural gas and low cost for power for our plants in North America. You don’t see a lot of incentive to try to do a project to further reduce your energy consumption. There’s just not a lot of opportunity there from a value standpoint. We do see opportunities in Pembroke. We’ve done some things at the refinery there to improve energy efficiency because their costs are quite a bit higher. So, I would say in general that’s unless you see a marked change in the cost of natural gas or power, it’s going to be hard to justify some kind of an improvement project. Always trying to be as efficient as we can be in the base operation, so there’s no change there, but, in terms of some kind of investment to make a step change, that’s hard to do in the current environment.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I wanted to ask a couple on the quarter. From our standpoint, it looked like the Mid Con came in stronger on throughput and capture, while the West Coast was say remained a bit weaker, which I think was driven in part by maintenance. Could you just talk to any specific drivers during the quarter for the Mid Con and West Coast in particular from a capture and throughput standpoint?
Greg Bram: Yes, Joe, this is Greg. So, West Coast is fairly simple and you hit on it. It was maintenance work primarily at Venetia that impacted not so much throughput there, but it impacted the amount of transportation fuel we could make and so that had an impact on the capture rate. In the Mid Con, throughput was higher. We actually saw pretty good incentive to continue to maximize throughput there, good demand for products. And so, we were able to push throughput a little bit higher than we had planned going into the quarter. And then on the capture side, one of the factors there, you saw crude market structure on WTI less backward than you saw in the prior quarter that had a benefit to capture rates in addition to some of the things I talked about earlier on butane blending.
Joe Laetsch: Great. That’s helpful. And then, I wanted to shift gears and ask about the Ethanol segment. So, the indicator continues to grind to lower to start the year. Could you just talk to some of the puts and takes going on in the industry as well as your forward outlook? And then, also the potential for year round E15, which was included in the executive orders released last week? Thank you.
Eric Fisher: Yes. The ethanol margin has been challenged with high inventories and high production rates. I’ll say surprisingly high production rates that have been sustained really for the third quarter and fourth quarter and into the beginning of this year. We have seen some weather related impacts to production rates, but I think overall you’re looking at high inventories and high production rates. And so, it’s keeping ethanol margins currently, I would say, below mid-cycle. So, in terms of E15 there’s always a lot of positive outlook for that. As you know we’ve continued to see E15 approved by emergency order every 20 days. We don’t see a lot of E15 movements. We don’t see a lot of growth in that market. We do see Canada still talking about moving to E15 this year through their CFR program. I think there’s a high likelihood you’re more likely to see incremental E15 in Canada before appreciably in the U.S. But, I mean we’ll see how this develops this year by policy. It’s still a fairly significant logistics challenge to convert retail to E15. But, overall I mean it’s still something that certainly the Ethanol and Ag industry sees as a positive development for ethanol outlook.
Joe Laetsch: Great, thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Regarding the Canadian tariffs, you talked about some of the impacts on the crude side. How about the product side for Valero and especially in regards to your Quebec City plant? What kind of volumes does Quebec send to the New York Harbor? And, if there were tariffs imposed, do you think it’d be pretty easy to ship those volumes to Latin America or Europe or would we expect to see lower operating rates at Quebec City? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary. For the most part our Quebec system is short gasoline. So we import gasoline. A lot of that tends to come from Pembroke. There are periods in the year where we’re long diesel and typically that does go to New York Harbor. We could place those barrels anywhere in the world. So, I wouldn’t expect to see a throughput reduction as a result of tariffs.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, you mentioned some of the potential impacts from the 45Z. One other impact is that RD from foreign UCO appears to no longer qualify for a credit. Is DGD a major importer of foreign UCO? And if so, how would you expect to replace those volumes?
Eric Fisher: Yes, so you’re correct foreign UCO no longer qualifies for domestic RD. Our foreign UCO is and has always been pointed at SAF going into Europe and the U.K. So, the PTC doesn’t really change what we were going to do strategically with that feedstock. And so, that’s our view as we’ll continue to run that into the SAF into the Europe and U.K. markets.
Matthew Blair: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yes. Hey, morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask first on the CapEx budget. I believe you said $1.6 billion of sustaining CapEx, which is about $300 million above the five year average, it’s the highest level since 2019. So, I’m wondering if that is an indicator of above average turnaround activity in your system for 2025 and if not what’s driving that higher sustaining spend?
Lane Riggs: Hey Jason, this is Lane. So, we normally we sort of talk about our sustaining capital in terms of sort of average and so we average about or, we think about it being $1.5 billion that’s inclusive of turnaround, inclusive of CapEx for ongoing sustaining operations. And so, if you sort of and catalyst, so when you think in your mind well if it’s lumpy, if it gets lumpy on the higher side or the lower side, the only thing it can be is additional turnaround work.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. Thanks. And, my follow-up is just, sorry I’m going to ask another one on the Canadian tariffs. Valero, I believe, has a lot of its refineries within foreign trade zones and those foreign trade zones typically aren’t subject to tariffs. So, given that 1Q, just clarify that most of your U.S. Gulf Coast system is in foreign trade zones and because of that, do you think you would be able to, if the tariffs are implemented in a very direct way, you’d be able to sidestep those tariffs? And also, do you get any benefit now from operating in those foreign trade zones? Thanks.
Richard Walsh: Yes. This is Rich Walsh. I would just say that you can’t tell anything until you see what the program comes out with, right? So, it just depends on how this is all structured. So, we also bring in a lot and export a lot. And so, that’s really what the foreign trade zone helps with. And so, I don’t know that it’s really trying to avoid domestic tariffs in any way along those lines. So, until you see what they’re proposing and how it’s structured, you really can’t tell whether there’s going to be benefit or not.
Lane Riggs: But, we do have foreign trade zones.
Richard Walsh: Yes, yes, we have foreign trade zones.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you, Donna. Appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s event. You may disconnect your lines or log-off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero Energy Corp. Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO, and Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect a period of heavy maintenance in our refining segment during a relatively weak margin environment. Our refineries operated at 90% throughput capacity utilization in line with our guidance for the quarter. Product demand across the system remained strong with our U.S. wholesale volumes exceeding 1 million barrels per day for the second consecutive quarter. On the strategic front, we remain committed to executing projects that continue to enhance the earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage. I'm proud to report that the Diamond Green Diesel Sustainable Aviation Fuel or SAF project is now mechanically complete and is in the process of starting up. The project was completed on schedule and under budget and is a testament to the strength of our projects and operations teams. On the financial side, we continue to honor our commitment to shareholder returns with a strong payout ratio of 84% for the quarter and the year-to-date payout of 81%. Looking ahead, improving diesel demand against the backdrop of low light product inventories should support refining margins. Increases in OPEC plus crude supply should widen our sour crude oil differentials and further increase margins. And longer term, we expect product demand to exceed supply with the announced refinery shutdowns next year and limited capacity additions beyond 2025, supporting long-term refining fundamentals. In closing, our focus on operational excellence, capital discipline and honoring our commitment to shareholder returns have served us well and will continue to anchor our strategy going forward. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the third quarter of 2024, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $364 million or $1.14 per share compared to $2.6 billion or $7.49 per share for the third quarter of 2023. The refining segment reported $565 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $3.4 billion for the third quarter of 2023. Refining throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2024 averaged 2.9 million barrels per day or 90% throughput capacity utilization. Refining cash operating expenses are $4.73 per barrel in the third quarter of 2024. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $35 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $123 million for the third quarter of 2023. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 3.5 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2024, which was 552,000 gallons per day higher than the third quarter of 2023. The ethanol segment reported $153 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2024 compared to $197 million for the third quarter of 2023. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.6 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2024, which was 255,000 gallons per day higher than the third quarter of 2023. For the third quarter of 2024, G&A expenses were $234 million, net interest expense was $141 million, depreciation and amortization expense was $685 million and income tax expense was $96 million. The effective tax rate was 20%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.3 billion in the third quarter of 2024. Included in this amount was $166 million favorable change in working capital and $47 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion in the third quarter of 2024. Regarding investing activities, we made $429 million of capital investments in the third quarter of 2024, of which $338 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and the balance was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member share of DGD and other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $394 million in the third quarter of 2024. Moving to financing activities. We returned $907 million to our stockholders in the third quarter of 2024, of which $342 million was paid as dividends and $565 million was for the purchase of approximately 3.8 million shares of common stock, resulting in a payout ratio of 84% for the quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned $3.7 billion to our stockholders in the form of dividends and buybacks, resulting in a payout ratio of 81%, well above our long-term minimum commitment of 40% to 50%. In fact, since the start of 2021, our total cash flows from operations have exceeded our total uses of cash over this period, including capital investments over $4 billion of debt reduction and over $18 billion returned to stockholders through dividends and share buybacks. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $8.4 billion of total debt, $2.5 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 17% as of September 30, 2024, and we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2024 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts regulatory compliance and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth with approximately half of the growth capital towards our low carbon fuels businesses and half towards refining projects. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.83 million to 1.88 million barrels per day Mid-Continent at 425,000 to 445,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 230,000 to 250,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 380,000 to 400,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $4.60 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we still expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2024. Operating expenses in 2024 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.18 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.7 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $690 million. For 2024, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately $975 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please limit each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits to ensure other callers have time to ask your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS.
Manav Gupta: My first question here is, can you talk a little bit about the demand for key products and how that is trending as we are coming to a close in 2024?
Gary Simmons: Sure, Manav. This is Gary. Obviously, a much weaker refinery margin environment than we -- in the third quarter than we've seen in the last couple of years. The interesting thing to us is it looks like the underlying market fundamentals actually improved during the third quarter and have continued to improve as we move into the fourth quarter, despite that, the improving market fundamentals, market sentiment seems to turn more negative, driving crack spreads even lower. To us in the markets where we have a presence, things look very similar to what we've seen in the past couple of years. Lane alluded to our sales in the third quarter through wholesale over 1 million barrels a day. We averaged 1.8 million in the third quarter, which is actually up year-over-year. Gasoline sales were fairly flat year-over-year. Diesel sales actually increased year-over-year. Thus far in the fourth quarter, we've actually seen about a 40,000 barrel a day increase in sales to our wholesale channel. So it's actually going up. You kind of compare that to get an indication of demand with some other indicators. Vehicle models traveled, were up about 1%. So that kind of matches with our numbers. Even the DOE data, although there's a lot of noise week to week. If you look at the year-to-date demand numbers from the DOE would kind of show gasoline demand flat to slightly up. And so we think that's kind of where we are. Again, I said diesel sales in our system up a little bit year-over-year. Again, if you look at some of the other indicators of the demand, especially the freight indices would indicate demand for diesel is a little bit softer compare that to the DOE numbers in the year-to-date DOE numbers, which show diesel demand down close to 100,000 barrels a day, I think we think that's pretty close. Some of that gap in diesel demand has been made up by an increase in jet fuel demand, about half of that. So net-net, I think in the U.S., we feel like total light products kind of flat to slightly down year-over-year. markets outside the U.S. where we have a significant market presence in Canada, the U.K., Mexico, all very similar trends. I think all three of those markets have witnessed a year-over-year growth in gasoline demand, year-over-year growth in jet demand and the decline in diesel demand. So demand looks pretty strong outside those markets. We continue to see good export demand. Gasoline exports in the third quarter, about 100,000 barrels a day typical markets, Latin America and Canada. Diesel exports in the third quarter were 260,000 barrels a day, again, kind of South America and Europe. So we continue to see demand that looks very similar to what we've seen in the last couple of years in the markets where we have a strong presence.
Manav Gupta: Perfect, Gary, so my quick follow-up is, if there are no real red flags here in demand, and it's lightly softer in U.S., but stronger outside. Why did we suddenly hit this environment where the cracks are kind of trending below mid-cycle? And is that -- and do you see this as transient if the demand holds then the track should be able to get back to mid-cycle or maybe even higher?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Manav, I would say some of this, typically on the third quarter earnings call, you tend to have a little more negative market sentiment. And there’s some reasons for that. Each year around Labor Day, you typically had some hurricane hype in the market that tends to go away as people view your out of hurricane season, you’ve gone through RVP transition, you start our RVP transition on gasoline, slowing the gasoline pool. Labor Day kind of marks the end of driving season. So you can certainly understand some negative market sentiment around gasoline. And typically, the fourth quarter and first quarter tend to be driven more by strength in the distillate cracks. I think we came into this year and although the U.S. economy has been fairly resilient. We’ve seen some pockets of economic weakness throughout the globe, which have driven down diesel demand a little bit. And cause the pessimism around diesel cracks. If you look at where things are, though, the fundamentals look strong. We’re going into the year with very low inventories, gasoline inventory, 10 million barrels below where we were last year at this time, below the 5-year average. Some of the key things we tend to be focused on in the gasoline markets at this time of the year, market structure, market structure is backwards. So there’s no incentive to produce and store summer-grade gasoline. Typically, in the fourth quarter, the first quarter, you will have a positive transatlantic arb to ship from Europe to New York Harbor, at least on paper that arb is closed throughout the fourth quarter. Export demand for gasoline remains strong. We’re seeing good export demand into Latin America. So things look good for gasoline. I don’t think you’re going to see any big moves in the gas crack anytime soon. But as long as inventory remains in check, you get back into driving season RVP transition, we would expect gas cracks to respond. On the distillate side, again, like gasoline, the key thing is, although we’ve seen a little bit less demand than we’d hoped for. Distillate inventories are trending toward the lows that we’ve seen the last couple of years. I think you saw economic run cuts throughout parts of the world that took some supply off the market. Here recently, we’ve had turnaround activity, decreased supply as well. So it put us in a pretty good position heading into winter. And I think if you have some uptick in demand from heating oil demand with some colder weather, you’ll see distillate cracks respond as well.
Operator: The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan.
John Royall: So my first question is on capital allocation. You were very aggressive on your buyback program in 3Q despite what's been a downtick in cracks. You've been pretty clear on your framework in sort of a mid-cycle and above environment. But assuming we stay in this lower margin environment, can you talk about how your approach to returning capital may or may not change in terms of that 70s or 80s percent of CFO type range that you've been in? And would you use your balance sheet a little bit at lower parts of the cycle?
Jason Fraser: John, this is Jason. I'm going to ask Homer to respond to your question.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Jason. John. Yes, I mean, I think in this environment we're in and with the strength of our balance sheet, you should absolutely should continue to expect us to be in our posture. As I mentioned in the opening remarks, you can go back to start of 2021. We've been able to fund all our uses of cash, including capital. We've paid down over $4 billion of debt and returned over $18 billion to shareholders over that period, all through cash flow from operations. So turning to where we are now, let me start by reiterating that the 40% to 50% is a minimum commitment, not a target. So we're always going to honor that. As you noted, we've consistently been well above that despite the pullback in margins. And I think you can attribute that -- attribute our ability to do that because of our low-cost profile and then disciplined use of capital. So given the strength of our balance sheet and our cash position, I think you should rest comfortable that the 40% to 50% will continue to be a floor and all excess free cash flow will go towards buybacks.
John Royall: Great. And then my next question is just on California. We've gotten news of a new closure out there, which all other things equal, will be a good thing for those who remain. But there are some new legislative pressures there, and you've also mentioned strategic alternatives, I think, in your 10-Q. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on how you're thinking about continuing to operate as a refinery in California and what those strategic alternatives might be.
Lane Riggs: John, this is Lane. I'll let Rich start with the policy side, then I'll talk about the strategic side after the answer of the question.
Richard Walsh: Okay. Yes. So it's really unclear at this time whether when and which one of these various policies that the state keeps proposing coming out of these legislations. So we'll just kind of have to we'll have to kind of see how that plays out. A lot of these are driven by a lot of political rhetoric that you see coming out of the state. And I think when we see that pass from the legislature and the political arena back over to the CEC for implementation, I think you see them struggle with a lot of these ideas. There are ideas that they sound good politically, but when you start putting them into the market realities, it has the potential to make things even more costly for consumers. So the reality is that California policy has cost the state a number of refineries and including this most recent announcement. And so you can't have policy that impairs supply and then expected to lower prices for customers. So -- and consumers. So recall, all of these regulations have a caveat in them that require the CEC to implement it only if they find that the actions will lower cost for consumers. And that's going to be the challenge for them.
Lane Riggs: On strategy, we’ve been consistent for over a decade, probably even longer than that in terms of our – how we manage and steward the West Coast, and it’s largely driven by California policy. We’ve minimized strategic CapEx, we make sure we maintain a really reliable operation through our maintenance CapEx, which in turn positions us as a core call option on West Coast cracks. With that said, California is increasing its regulatory pressure on the industry. So it’s really considering everything, all options are on the table.
Operator: The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Can you unpack some of the earlier comments on the evolution of global product supply over the more, I guess, medium to long term, taking into account the continued ramp up facilities abroad as well as planned closures in 2025. How do you think this trend? And do you expect changes in trade flows as a result?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Theresa, I can try. So overall, when we look at 2025, we see about 1,040,000 barrels a day of new refining capacity coming online. And so far, there's about 740,000 barrels a day of refinery closures announced. So net-net, about a 300,000 barrel a day net capacity additions. And then forecast for total light product demand we're looking at is about an increase in 700,000 barrels a day. So for next year, really, it all comes -- and it becomes about timing. When did those refineries close, when did the new capacity come online. So it gives a lot of uncertainty into next year. Even the demand side is a little uncertain. A lot of the economic stimulus in China, how long does it take to come into effect? But we see tightening balances through next year. And then when you get past next year, you kind of have a fairly extended period where when you look at net capacity additions, and total product demand growth, there's a pretty good gap there. So we see an extended period with tighter and tighter balances around the refining margins.
Theresa Chen: Helpful. And then turning to the renewables front. Would you be able to provide an update on how the SaaS unit is operating following its recent in-service and any other commercial discussions to broaden this offering as well as your views on the subsidy prices.
Eric Fisher: Yes, I'd say -- this is Eric, Theresa. The SaaS startup looks great. As we said in the call, the project finished ahead of schedule from our original timing that we had for 1Q of next year and it finished under budget. So project execution for Valero once again demonstrates its exceptional ability to beat expectations. And then you expect that performance as we go into full operations. So, so far, startup looks very good. I don't think we have any doubt it's going to meet its design capability. And commercially, we're seeing a lot of interest and continued contracting of the product, both from a SBK standpoint, as well as a blended SaaS standpoint. And I don't know, Gary, if you wanted to comment on any of that.
Gary Simmons: No, I’m not going to go into a lot of details, but there’s been some press releases with some of the airlines, Southwest, JetBlue about contracts that we’ve signed. In addition to that, we’re dealing with freight carriers. There’s been an announcement with DHL. So I’m not going to go into a lot of the commercial details there. But when we made the decision to fund the project, we said we expected it to exceed our minimum return threshold of after tax, 25%, still confident with the contracts we have in place and the volumes sold that we’ll do that.
Operator: The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Wolfe Research.
Douglas Leggate: Appreciate you take my questions guys. Gary, I wonder if I could go back to the balances question. I know it's an imperfect an imprecise assessment that we're all trying to make here. But I wanted to use Valero as an example. I look back, your -- obviously, your mechanical availability has been one of the hallmarks of the investment case. 2018 3rd quarter, 99%, '19, 94%. Pre-COVID '22, 95%, 95% last year. My point is that, you guys have obviously got a lot of upside to your potential utilization. And the same is probably true then of anyone who's cutting runs at this point, Singapore or whatever. So when you think about supply additions, what are you assuming for the response of a potentially oversupplied market raising utilization in some of those more challenged refineries. And I guess what I'm getting at is it not reasonable to assume we need around the refinery closures before we get back to that above mid-cycle that you were talking about.
Gary Simmons: Yes. We look at historic refinery utilization rates and we look at the balances and kind of assume it's going to be in line with historic utilization rates. However, I do think you can see a lot of refining capacity in the world that's underwater, some of that is in need of a lot of capital investment. And so I think you will see additional refinery closures as well.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. So I guess to be -- is that something you have any insight to? Or are you guessing.
Gary Simmons: No, we can't name refineries that would close, but you can kind of see that refiners that are under pressure, some in Europe, some in the Far East. And our expectation is you'll see some additional announced closures coming.
Douglas Leggate: Got it. Okay. Well, on the topic as my follow-up, if you don't mind, and that's going back to your comments about California. I mean, obviously, we've had ABX too, I guess, is it the title of it the inventory question. And it seems that when Phillips 66 shut down Rodeo, there was an equal and opposite impact from imports that seem to offset any potential tightness in the West Coast. So I guess as you look at your portfolio overall, and particularly the West Coast, how do you see the cost competitiveness? It's the only asset in the only area in your portfolio that lost money this year this past quarter. Any color you can give on how you're thinking about portfolio adjustments going forward?
Lane Riggs: Doug, it’s Lane. I sort of alluded to it before. It’s clearly our highest cost structure operation. Historically, they had been challenged with respect to cost of crude. So if you think about OpEx the regulatory environment and the supply situation in the West Coast, it’s – it’s always a challenge. And so – and it’s very different than maybe some of the other areas that we operate. And again, what we’ve historically done is try to position the assets to be a call option for when things get out of balance because the supply chain is so long. So with respect to these regulations, we’ll just have to see what they actually finally try to do. But clearly, the California regulatory environment is putting pressure on operators out there and how they might think about going forward with their operations.
Operator: The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. I want to come back and hammer the California question as well. In the most recent 10-K and 10-Q, you put out -- you've highlighted issues with California from an asset value or an ongoing concern kind of question. With Philips closing down their unit or announcing the closure of their unit, California obviously hypersensitive about the price of fuels to consumers regardless of what their policy may do. Does it impact your ability, you think, going forward, if you have to make a hard decision on a California refining unit that someone else went first. I mean sort of -- does it invite more political interference? And how would that work?
Richard Walsh: I mean, I don't know that, that really factors into our thinking necessarily. I mean I think what we would be looking at is what are the regulatory programs that California puts forward. A lot of these programs were announced. I mean the initial one, the margin cap was announced almost 2 years ago, and they've still been collecting information and studying the market. I mean I think one of the realities is there's the market is incredibly efficient until you interfere with it. And I think the California is, I think, starting to realize that as the more they interfere, the worse the situation gets. And so that's, I think the challenge there. So I think we have to wait and see what they're going to do and what they decide. I mean, it's their choice, and then we just have to react to that. And what others do, that's their decision. We have great assets out there, and we have great people operating them. So I think we like our position.
Roger Read: Appreciate that. Rich, you're more of an optimist than me because I don't really believe they quite grasp all the impacts of policies in terms of the outcomes. The follow-up question, I'd just like to ask, probably to Gary, diesel demand does look like it's starting to improve here in the U.S., the last kind of, let's call it, 2 months worth -- is there anything you're seeing that in terms of DOE information, is there anything you're seeing as you look at that in a more short-term basis versus like your full year commentary on demand?
Gary Simmons: I think both gasoline and diesel, we saw a little bit of demand softness, and it’s picked up as the year has gone on. I mentioned over the last 2 weeks, we’ve actually seen a surge. So in the last 2 weeks, we have about a 5% year-over-year increase in diesel demand kind of consistent with your comments. I think you’re seeing some of that in Europe as well. You can see the 211 in Europe has gone up $2 or $3 in the last few weeks, kind of indicating that some of that topping capacity, the diesel from some of that hydroskimming topping capacity is ’eeded to supply the market as things are getting tight heading into winter.
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: I apologize. First I want to add -- one question is on California also. I think Gary and Lane. Historically, that refiner doesn't just shut down the refinery just because they're not making money. But typically, we wait until there's a substantial CapEx outlay requirement, maybe a major turn on before that they're being pushed to make a hard decision. Just curious that in your Benicia refinery, can you share that what that may be the time line, say, at what point that will be the next major capital data you need to put that you will have to make a decision or that more likely than we'll make you trying to have a decision whether that is a viable ongoing business or not. Is there any you can say?
Lane Riggs: Yes. Paul, this is Lane. Sorry for that. So good try. We don't normally provide outlooks with respect to our turnaround activity. But your premise is correct. I mean clearly, not only the cost structure out there is higher the cost turnarounds out there is significantly higher. And so it weighs any big outlay on turnarounds in the West Coast is in the way you think about assets going forward, it will -- and any other asset really in the world for that matter, it's largely driven by the next big capital outlay. But in terms of guidance on -- and we're going to do our next turnaround, we -- as a general policy, we just don't do that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Understand. And Europe [indiscernible] the margin capture is phenomenal. And it's interesting because I mean Europe, the market condition quite very difficult. So if the strong margin capture is really driven by your [indiscernible] refinery? Or that is -- I mean, Europe is also doing well. Just trying to help us understand -- I mean, over the past 2 or 3 years, quite [indiscernible] and then take often time surprised us on the upside. So trying to understand what's going on there.
Greg Bram : Paul, it's Greg. So a couple of things that impacted the North Atlantic in the third quarter: One, we had some very good results from the commercial team that helped contribute; And then the second thing, you talked about Quebec, but really crude cost for that region. Sometimes it's Quebec, sometimes it's Pembrook but crude costs were fairly favorable. Some of that was some of the Canadian grades coming into Quebec. Some of that was just the relative value of the grades we're running versus dated Brent. And so while that market might have been challenged, remember that the capture is relative to kind of a market-based reference crack. And so we take into account where the market is at and putting that together, and we performed pretty well relative to that reference.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jean Salisbury of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jean Salisbury: You referenced the growing OPEC supply next year. This primarily benefits Valero and heavy sour crude, but I believe also in some of the high sulfur intermediate margins. that you consume as feedstocks. Can you just go over the different ways that increasing OPEC supply could manifest in different markets and your exposure there?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we see several bright spots in terms of supply fundamentals around heavy sour crude. Obviously, OPEC, 180,000 barrels a day on the market starting in December. Seasonally, we expect Canadian production to ramp up as well. We think Canadian production could hit record highs over the winter. Then you have continued Venezuelan production growth, and this time of year, you get to where you're past the period of time in the Middle East where they're burning fuel oil for power generation. So all that puts more barrels on the market. If you get into the first quarter and Lyondell shuts down, it takes some demand as way as well. So those things should be positive in terms of quality discounts.
Operator: The next question is coming from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley.
Joe Laetsch: So I wanted to go back to the RD side, and it continues to be a tougher margin environment for the industry overall to margins recently. As we look towards 2025, could you just talk to how you're thinking about the moving pieces around credits, including RINs, LCFS prices as well as feedstock costs as it relates to profitability?
Eric Fisher: Sure. This is Eric. The -- it looks like a lot of good tailwinds start in 2025. So California intends to approve their LCFS modifications November 8, with the intent of starting that Jan 1, that should tighten the credit bank through 2025 and increase LCFS prices. You've got that. You've got Europe and U.K. starting their fit for 55 which starts the SAF mandate of 2% in that region. We're watching the Canadian B.C. election very closely to see what they do with the CFR, but nationally, that will still be in play in 2025. And all these obligations naturally ratchet as you go into next year. And then lastly, the IRA with the switch from the blenders tax credit to the production tax credit does create a lot of tailwind for us because that will switch from $1 for everyone to a CI base where we're the most advantaged and it does not allow importers to qualify for the credit. So if you look at those two benefits of the IRA, that is a good tailwind for DGD. Those things are all on paper that's waiting for a lot of policy clarification between now and the end of the year. But the one thing we look at is that is the policy intent of all those programs. And most of those take legislative action to change. And so that, we think, will be difficult and that means those policies will probably go forward as designed at least initially. So we're all waiting on seeing how that develops in the next couple of months. I think the whole renewables segment is all asking for this guidance to be given so that we can move forward with plans. But all of that looks pretty constructive. On the feedstock side, we've mostly seen prices equilibrate. There was previously a lot of advantage in foreign feedstocks. We've seen that largely equilibrate. We've seen the market really level out a lot of the price lag we've talked about for the last several months has evened out. So I think what you're seeing is the world is recognizing that waste oils are still the most advantaged. Our partnership with Darling still gives us the most advantaged access to domestic feedstock and some of their foreign feedstock that they now produce out of South America and Europe, all of that looks advantaged. And as we see vegetable oil and BD are going to be marginal going forward, and that will set a floor in this whole space. So as the blenders tax credit goes away, BD will be significantly underwater without an adjustment to the RINs. So the last piece that I think is positive is the expectation that RINs will have to go up to offset the loss that BD and vegetable oil RD takes as we migrate to the PTC. So that -- there's a lot of expectation that RINs will increase. That won't happen overnight, but if that does, it is a significant tailwind to DGD and RD.
Joe Laetsch: Great. there. And then I just wanted to ask on the naphtha side, specifically, exports out of the Gulf Coast has been strong in the past couple of months, which I think has been supportive of margins. What are you seeing on your side? And how are you thinking about the outlook for naphtha here?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think there’s a couple of things driving the relative strength in naphtha. Some of that is with the economic run cuts of some of the hydroskimmers, you see less naphtha in the market. So U.S. Gulf Coast supply has had a step in for that. But we’re also seeing a bit of a pickup for petrochemical demand for naphtha, which looks to be improving. And so that’s also creating some of the export opportunities. So we expect it to continue.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe what I know -- Lane, I know how much you love to talk about the concept of capture rate, but has been -- for the entire sector, it's kind of been steadily declining over the last 18 months. And some of that obviously is just that level of margins coming down. But can you maybe talk about some of the things that have been headwinds? And then what needs to happen to see improvements on that? And is it is it absolute margins, wider crude differentials, crude backwardation, secondary product pricing improvement. Any signs of encouragement as you look into the fourth quarter of 2025 in terms of maybe improvements in margin capture.
Lane Riggs: Yes. Ryan, it's Lane. I fortunately I get to hand this off to Greg.
Greg Bram : Ryan, so I think you noted most of the key factors, and we've talked about some of them already. Crude market backwardation certainly has been a bit persistent and strong here, particularly late in 2024 that's certainly a factor. In fact, I think if you look back in early 2023, we're actually in contango. So there's no doubt that continuing on an ongoing basis is not something you would necessarily expect. So seeing improvement there will help capture. Thinking about us, in particular, we've talked about heavy maintenance a number of quarters here recently. So that's definitely a factor more in some regions than others. I mean, there's always going to be some maintenance in our system industry as well. So I think there have been some heavier periods though that have had some impact. And then you mentioned secondary products. I think the ones that really come to mind there are those related to pet chem, so things like propylene and naphtha. And Gary just talked about it. As we're seeing pet chem start to improve expect those values to improve as well, and that's going to have some positive impact on capture.
Ryan Todd: Great. And then maybe one follow-up on some of your earlier comments on sustainable aviation fuel. As we think about -- I mean the message over the last couple of years late into this, I think there was clearly an expectation that the market -- the SAF market was going to be undersupplied which was going to be good for you guys. There's been a lot of moving pieces in that. Do you still view the market over the next 12 to 24 months as undersupplied? And then as you think about you're probably one of the few domestic producers that can qualify to sell into Europe. How do you think about the potential optionality of being able to sell into Europe versus kind of domestic markets and pricing here?
Eric Fisher: Yes, this is Eric. I think our view is consistent that the market is physically undersupplied, given the ramp in mandates that is occurring over the next year to 5 years. You’re absolutely correct. Europe will be the most attractive market, and we do have capability of supplying into that market. That will be one of our primary outlets as we start up. But I think the policies are always, as I mentioned before, we’re waiting for a lot of clarification there. The mandate in Europe is very clear how that will be implemented is waiting on a lot of clarity on guidance for import codes and what duties are affecting it, all these kind of details that make – finishing the contract difficult, but we see that as all solvable between now and the end of the year for January 1 compliance. And I think in the U.S., the IRA clearly favors staff over RD from a credit standpoint. Again, we're waiting for clarity on that and as well as a lot of our customers and blenders are waiting for clarity so that we can get the contract language perfected. But all of that is moving forward, and we’re confident that’s going to get solved contractually especially once we get clarity on this policy guidance.
Operator: The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: The first question is just around operating expenses. It's always been a hallmark of Valero is your ability to keep that OpEx low per barrel. Just your perspective on how some of those moving pieces as we move into the next couple of years and how you're thinking about it even geographically as well.
Greg Bram : Neil, it's Greg. So we keep those expenses under control. It's one of the things we focus on every day. A couple of parts, I think, that are probably notable. Energy costs have been low natural gas driving that. That's been a help. And so it looks like those prices will move back towards kind of middle of the cycle kind of range here, at least that's what folks are thinking, but that's been helpful. Inflation has made it a bit harder. We've seen the effects of that on both maintenance costs, catalyst chemicals, those kinds of things. We work hard with our partners to try to make sure we keep those costs competitive. And so as inflation moderates, we'd expect to see some of that improve as well. Those are probably the two biggest parts to think about and really the things we focus on every day.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Yes. Understood on the energy side. And then the other one is on just on the Port Arthur coker. I think when you FID-ed, you talked about $325 million of EBITDA. And then you talked about it actually run rating closer to $400 million. How do you think -- as you think about that project specifically about, one, the current economics and then how those economics could evolve as you think about the path back to mid-cycle?
Greg Bram : Yes, Neil, I think we still see that project giving us the returns consistent with what we showed at FID. The current market is a little different than where we started. We got real good benefits earlier this year when we did the turnaround on the old coker and we expected to see some strong value there. So I don’t think anything has changed in our view. And then again, obviously, that project is hinged on being able to run a lot of heavy sour crude and upgraded to light products. And so as those sour differentials move around, that’s going to give us a chance to capture some more value.
Operator: The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of TPH.
Matthew Blair: If I heard correctly, I think the $4.7 million ethanol volume guidance for Q4 might be an all-time record. And just coming at a time when ethanol margins are really crumbling on paper. So could you help us reconcile that? Is that a function of increasing net export opportunities or maybe there's the lag we should be thinking about on the ethanol indicator?
Eric Fisher: Yes, it's Eric. We have increased our ethanol production capability this year. Most of this year has been pretty positive for that expanded capability. We have also expanded our export markets. Again, talking about policy, there's interest in U.S. ethanol, especially a lot of our ISCC qualified ethanol in Europe. We also see that because of U.S. corn being the most attractive feedstock in the U.S. with the largest carryout, one of the largest harvest we've ever seen, it is giving a lot of opportunity for ethanol exports. So that's what we're seeing as increased demand. We're seeing new markets for E10 in the world, and we see Brazil is increasing its ethanol mandate as well as the SaaS mandate beginning in '25. So we've grown our capacity in anticipation of a lot of this expanded interest globally in ethanol.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then there's been more chatter lately about just increasing global tariffs and exports are a big part of the outlet for U.S. refiners. So when you hear about the potential for just [indiscernible] increases in tariffs, what do you think, is that a concern going forward?
Richard Walsh: This is Rich Walsh. I’ll take an effort to add that. I mean, when you look at those tariffs, a lot of times, they’re really focused around manufactured goods. Most countries don’t want to increase their cost of energy that they’re trying to take in. So when you think about targets for tariffs, they normally don’t really wrap around energy. And so I don’t know that we see the concerns on that.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of TD Cowen.
Jason Gabelman: I wanted to circle back on the financial framework, and you provided some helpful comments about the return of capital metrics being a firm target. And I'm wondering how you think about using the balance sheet in a downturn. You have this $4 billion kind of target for cash for the balance sheet. Is that what you want headed into a downturn so you could lean on the balance sheet a bit more should the market weaken?
Jason Fraser: Yes. This is Jason. I'll be glad to share some of our thoughts about cash. And our targeted cash balance will depend on the environment we're in, but in a normalized environment, we like to keep a cash balance between $4 billion to $5 billion as a guideline. And as you know, cash to move around a lot in any quarter due to things like working capital, but we're not going to hoard cash. So I think directionally, you should expect our cash balance to trend down a little from here. I'd also like to note, if it wasn't for the positive impact from working capital this quarter, we would have drawn cash by over $200 million. We also had strong buybacks for the quarter of $565 million without leaning on the balance sheet. But to answer your question more directly, yes, you're right, that $4 billion gives us a lot more room and flexibility in the downturn to continue our approach to buybacks. So I think that's correct. It's a big factor in coming out with a $4 billion number.
Jason Gabelman: Great. And then the other just on the market. We've noticed a pretty strong product exports for gasoline and diesel, out of the U.S., and it's coming as fracs have fallen a bit here the past months. And so it seems like prices are needing to fall to clear the U.S. market and keep U.S. inventories kind of at healthy levels. Is that a fair interpretation of what's going on in the market where there's kind of a push from the U.S. on product exports rather than a pull from international sources on those products?
Gary Simmons: Well, it's a good question. It would appear that what you're saying is correct. But in the face of that, gasoline inventories are really pretty low. We're $10 million below where we were last year. You are below the 5-year average. So the inventories wouldn't indicate a need to push. It would almost seem like it's more of a pull, and we're getting an export premium, and that's why the barrels are flowing.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. And when you say you're getting an export premium, you're able to sell to international markets at a higher price than what you're selling at on, say, the U.S. Gulf Coast?
Gary Simmons: Yes, we are.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you, Donna. We appreciate everyone joining us today. As always, please feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Valero Energy Corp.'s Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar : Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our investor relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are happy to report strong financial results for the second quarter. Our refineries operated well and achieved 94% throughput capacity utilization. We saw continued strength in our U.S. wholesale system with sales exceeding 1 million barrels per day in the second quarter. We also saw a good contribution from our renewable diesel and ethanol segments. On the strategic front, our growth projects are progressing on schedule. The Diamond Green Diesel sustainable aviation fuel project in Port Arthur is still expected to be operational in the fourth quarter. At which point, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. And we continue to pursue short-cycle, high-return optimization projects around our existing refining assets. On the financial side, we remain committed to shareholder returns with a year-to-date payout of 80%. And last week, we announced a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $1.07 per share. Looking ahead, limited announced capacity additions beyond 2025 should support long-term refining fundamentals. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operation return-driven discipline on growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns has underpinned our success and positions us well for the future. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the second quarter of 2024, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $880 million or $2.71 per share compared to $1.9 billion or $5.40 per share for the second quarter of 2023. The Refining segment reported $1.2 billion of operating income for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $2.4 billion for the second quarter of 2023. Refining throughput volumes in the second quarter of 2024 averaged 3 million barrels per day. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the second quarter of 2024. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.45 per barrel in the second quarter of 2024. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $112 million for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $440 million for the second quarter of 2023. The renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 3.5 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2024, which was 908,000 gallons per day lower than the second quarter of 2023. Operating income was lower than the second quarter of 2023, due to lower sales volumes resulting from planned maintenance activities and lower renewable diesel margin in the second quarter of 2024. The Ethanol segment reported $105 million of operating income for the second quarter of 2024 compared to $127 million for the second quarter of 2023. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.5 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2024, which was 31,000 gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2023. For the second quarter of 2024, G&A expenses were $203 million, net interest expense was $140 million, depreciation and amortization expense of $696 million and income tax expense was $277 million. The effective tax rate was 23%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 billion in the second quarter of 2024. Included in this amount was a $789 million favorable change in working capital and $83 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.6 billion in the second quarter of 2024. Regarding investing activities, we made $420 million of capital investments in the second quarter of 2024, of which $329 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and the balance was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to other joint venture member share of DGD and other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $360 million in the second quarter of 2024. Moving to financing activities, we returned $1.4 billion to our stockholders in the second quarter of 2024, of which $347 million was paid as dividends and $1 billion was for the purchase of approximately 6.6 million shares of common stock, resulting in a payout ratio of 87% for the quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned $2.8 billion to our stockholders in the form of dividends and buybacks, resulting in a payout ratio of 80%, well above our minimum commitment of 40% to 50%. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $8.4 billion of total debt, $2.4 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 16% as of June 30, 2024. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2024 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts regulatory compliance and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth with approximately half of the growth capital towards our low carbon fuels businesses and half towards refining projects. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.77 million to 1.82 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 405,000 to 425,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 235,000 to 255,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 390,000 to 410,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4.70 per barrel. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2024. Operating expenses in 2024 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.18 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.6 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the third quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $690 million. For 2024, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately $975 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please limit each turn in the Q&A to two questions to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall : One of my questions were on the refining macro side and more specifically, your views on supply and demand. The U.S. system ran pretty hard through 2Q. We built some inventories on both the gasoline and the diesel side. What are you seeing on the demand side in both the U.S. and globally? And how do you view the overall supply/demand balance today?
Gary Simmons : John, this is Gary. I think in the U.S., for the most part, the economy has been fairly resilient and the market fundamentals look pretty similar to what we've been looking at the past couple of years. If you look at our wholesale data, four-week average, our gasoline sales are up about 0.5%. There tends to be a lot of noise in the weekly DOE data. But year-to-date, DOE data would suggest a slight decline in gasoline demand less than 1%. You look at vehicles mile travel, they're up 1.4%, which would again indicate a slight increase in demand for gasoline. I guess the way we're looking at it is, we'd say, year-over-year, gasoline demand in the U.S. is flat. On the diesel side, we're actually showing a pretty good step change in our system on diesel sales, four-week average diesel sales in our system are up 10%. Again, don't necessarily believe that's representative of the broader markets. If you look at year-to-date, diesel sales and the DOE data, it would suggest a decline in diesel demand about 100,000 barrels a day. Directionally, I think that makes sense to us with a little weaker freight numbers early in the year. You didn't really have any help from weather, a little less demand from the upstream sector. However, a lot of that has been offset with the increase in jet demand. So about half of that offset with an increase in jet demand. So maybe distillate demand down slightly. In the U.S., we would say gasoline demand flat year-over-year, distillate demand down slightly. I think the bigger impact has really been for the overall North Atlantic Basin. Certainly, in the North Atlantic Basin, we saw regions with slowing economic activity that negatively impacted, especially demand for diesel. And then it looks like some of the new capacity that came on in the Middle East really never made it to nameplate capacity until early this year. So we saw a bit of a step change in refining runs in the Middle East with a lot of that product making its way into Europe. So some of that early in the year was masked with some of the drone strikes on Russian refining capacity. But the combination of higher refinery runs in the Middle East, a little sluggish economic activity in parts of the Atlantic basin allowed restocking of inventories in the region. So with that, we've obviously seen refinery margins weaken some. We haven't had any type of major weather event take down refining capacity like we've seen the past few years. Of course, we're right in the middle of hurricane season so you still have that potential. So with refinery runs up in the North Atlantic basin lined with a little softer diesel demand, you've seen that restocking. We've gone from well below the five-year average total light product inventory to trending more to the bottom end of the five-year average range. As inventories tend to trend towards the five-year average, you would expect to see margin environment closer to a mid-cycle type margin environment. That's kind of what we're seeing. It does feel as the market has found a bit of a bottom consultant data indicates at least earlier this week, hydroskimming margins in Europe and the Far East were negative, cracking margins in the Far East negative. And if that's correct, and we found the bottom, it is what historically been a mid-cycle type refining margin environment, that's -- it's actually pretty bullish refining going forward. As we move into the third quarter, we'll see -- start to see a little lower utilization, mainly turnarounds affecting refinery utilization. Most of the consultant data actually shows year-over-year demand growth was more weighted to the back end of the year. So hopefully, we see a little bit better demand. Some of the freight indices are starting to turn. Market in Europe looks actually pretty strong, which has closed the arb to send gasoline from Europe to the United States, open the arb to send U.S. Gulf Coast diesel to Europe. So I think you'll see some tightening of supply-demand balances in the near-term. And then longer term, we see very little new refining capacity additions with continued demand growth, which should be bullish margins in the long-term.
John Royall : And then my second question is on capital returns. You had another very strong quarter in this quarter, I think you're above 80% of CFO. How do you think about the cadence on the buyback going forward from here? And any thought on leading into the balance sheet for capital returns?
Jason Fraser : John, this is Jason. I might just ask Homer to answer that one for you.
Homer Bhullar : Sure. So, John, we haven't really had to lean into the balance sheet for shareholder returns. I mean, in fact, if you look back to 2020, we've been able to fund all of our uses of cash, including over $6.5 billion of capital investments. We've paid down over $4 billion of debt and over $17 billion of shareholder returns over that period all through cash flow from operations. In fact, we've actually built cash since 2020. So I think consistent with what we've been guiding to, given the strength in our balance sheet and our current cash position, we continue to lean into buybacks with a payout ratio at 87% for the second quarter and 80% year-to-date. Again, all funded within cash flow despite a lower margin environment. So I think looking forward in periods where the balance sheet is strong as it is now, we've got sustaining CapEx, the dividend and strategic CapEx covered, you can reasonably think about 40% to 50% as a floor and continue to expect any excess free cash flow go towards share buybacks.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
Douglas Leggate : Gary, I appreciate all your comments about the macro, but I'm afraid I'm going to ask another one, if you don't mind. Everything you've said makes an enormous amount of sense except for the fact that it seems that globally on a net basis, we're now back to a net surplus in terms of refinery additions compared to right before COVID. And obviously, Dangote is part of that, but we've had whiting come back online and utilization it seems it's now running pretty well. So I'm just curious as to how you think that cleans up. Do we need another turnaround capital event, like a turnaround cycle to see some of those closures? Or do you see it differently?
Gary Simmons : No, I think we see it the same way. I think you'll see some improvement in economic activity, which will improve diesel demand. And then for us, you've had the impact of Dangote and [Despoc] starting to be absorbed in the market. Offsetting that, there are 600,000 barrels a day of announced refinery closures. We're not sure when the timing of those will actually occur. But as you start to see more refinery rationalization occur, I don't again tighten up the supply-demand balances longer term.
Douglas Leggate : My follow-up is kind of related to that because, I mean, you guys are -- there's no question you guys are and will probably continue to be the cost leader in terms of your system, best-in-class in the U.S. for sure. The issue we're trying to figure out is where the vulnerabilities are across the U.S. in terms of the marginal refinery. And I guess for you guys, we're curious what's going on in the West Coast because just last week, we had the lowest margin since COVID on the West Coast and Benicia is obviously out there. We thought it was going to do better because of TMX. So can you maybe help us understand what is the role of Benicia in the portfolio and what do you see in the West Coast dynamics currently?
Lane Riggs : Doug, this is Lane. I'll start and then I'll let Gary follow-up on the TMX question. When you think about our portfolio, the West Coast clearly is the highest cost region we operate in. It's just by virtue of everything that goes on in the West Coast, it's the most expensive to operate with. And historically, the way it works there is you have marginal economics and then the balances would be such that you'd have an allergen, you would sort of experienced a period of higher margins, and then it would go back. So it's really almost a call option on West Coast spreads. And it is a harder place to operate is a more expensive place to operate. And so when you look across the U.S., I mean, I would expect that's probably one of the places that you would ultimately see some refinery closures in this shakes out. And then I'll let Gary.
Gary Simmons : Yes. The only thing I'd add to that is we did have the view that with some of the refinery conversions to make renewable fuels that you would see, especially gasoline pretty tight. But if you look from April to the end of June, imports -- gasoline imports into the West Coast were up 70,000 barrels a day. And I think that, combined with a little softer demand is why you're seeing that margin environment on the West Coast that we're seeing today. As far as TMX, TMX started up beginning of May. They didn't load the first cargo out until the end of May. We didn't load our first cargo out until June. So really, any impact you're going to see from TMX wasn't reflected in our second quarter results. You won't start to see that until third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read : Maybe you take a slightly different direction here. Policy wise, at the end of June, the Supreme Court took out Chevron deference and there's a lot of ways to interpret that and some of the other things going on politically with the election. But I was just curious if you had any thoughts about -- on the policy front on that, I guess, you call it judicial front, how that might affect any parts as we think about some of the CAFE standard stuff and then has been mentioned the challenges in getting permits to do things on the expansion side?
Richard Walsh : This is Rich Walsh. And so, hey, you never get a great legal question like this on our earnings call. So this is exciting. And so I'm going to try not to get too wonky here, but I just -- with Chevron deference, right, the -- under that program, the courts were required to give agencies complete deference as to their interpretations to their own authority. And so it made it really difficult for the judiciary to kind of rein in the administrative state. And so what you see the Supreme Court doing is they really basically restored a meaningful judicial review over this. So that now judges are required to use their best reading of the statute. And while the agencies have historically viewed that they're entitled to this deference and the agencies generally believe they've got the right reading of the statute. I think everybody is going to kind of come to the realization that the range of interpretation that's going to be acceptable is not is not going to be as wide. And you're clearly going to have judges who are empowered now to kind of look at the statute and not just defer to the agency on it. So as a practical matter of how that works is I think you're going to see less agency overreach in terms of how they interpret it and you're certainly going to see less political swings in the agencies in terms of how they often shift back and forth depending on the administration. And then I think if you kind of pair that together with major questions doctrine and you're really looking at kind of trying to -- I think what the court is trying to do is put policy back in the hands of the legislator back in the hands of Congress and not let it be really policy driven at the administrative level. And so -- and just as a practical matter, we've seen that already happen. The Supreme Court sent back nine cases already asking the lower courts to review their decisions in light of not giving deference to the agency. So when you talk about our existing litigations, we really don't talk about the litigation specifically, but I would say you've seen some pretty extreme interpretations here, in particular, the administration taking the position that they, without congressional mandate can go in and mandate electrification of vehicles. That's hard to see how that -- how the courts give them deference on that question. And it's certainly hard to see how that's not already covered under the major questions doctor in the West Virginia case. So I feel like I'm getting a little wonky here. So let me just kind of wrap that up with that thought.
Roger Read : And yes, it is one of those types of topics. So the only follow-up we really had on that, and I think you kind of answered it as the timing to have impacts of this could be like, what the next 12 to 24 months? Or does it take longer?
Richard Walsh : Well, there's already a California waiver case queued up in front of the Supreme Court on a [certain] petition. Now it was -- the DC circuit dismissed that one based on a standing type issue, but they really were trying to avoid, I think, addressing the underlying question. So it will be -- there's a number of cases coming up. There's a CAFE case that's already been argued in front of the DC circuit that specifically queued up. So I think these changes will happen quicker than people traditionally expect from the judiciary.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd : Maybe one back on refining supply/demand. Clearly, part of the issue in the second quarter here has been supply driven. The system has been running really, really well with high utilization rates. Are you seeing -- just curious if you look at the consumer, are you seeing run cuts across any parts of the globe that you can see have an impact on the supply side. And as you look at your third quarter guidance, it implies lower throughput versus 2Q, is that maintenance? Is there some commercial activity there? Just curious as you see kind of how you see dynamics on the supply side here in the third quarter as a possible tailwind for margins?
Greg Bram: Ryan, this is Greg. I'll talk about our system. So you do see that our throughput guidance considers planned maintenance activity we have in the quarter. So particularly if you take a look at like the North Atlantic, you see that there. Otherwise, I would just say for our system, we're optimizing our refineries in light of these market conditions, just like we always do. So, some of that might be reflected in the guidance as well. But you can definitely see where the planned maintenance activity is having an impact.
Ryan Todd : And then maybe on a broader question. I mean, you've argued for generally tight global refining markets and probably higher for longer type of mid-cycle margins. Has anything from the 2024 margin environment that we've seen this year change this view? Or do you still view that kind of as consistent with the outlook going forward?
Lane Riggs : This is Lane. I think if you sort of listen to Gary's opening comments and you think about our -- what we have said is that we do believe going forward, you're going to have a higher margin environment. You're seeing -- we're seeing refinery make cuts what at least we would have historically thought was a mid-cycle and so that -- which is an interesting thing to say, well, there are refineries out there that are seeing marginal economics in the -- historically mid-cycle economic environment. And so that would tell you, we don't know where the lows are. You're telling let's indicate that the call on refining is because of that, there's some thrown that have -- that are cutting in this space. So again, it just reinforces our view that you have a higher margin for our capital and higher mid-cycle going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Manav Gupta with UBS.
Manav Gupta : My first question is your outlook on the Gulf Coast heavy sour differential looks like OPEC will start adding volumes somewhere in the fourth quarter and then continue to do that in 2025, and then also there is a bigger refining asset in that area, which uses a lot of that crude, which will be hopefully closing down in early 2025. So your outlook -- medium-term outlook for the heavy sour differential on the Gulf Coast.
Gary Simmons : Manav, this is Gary. So I think in the short-term, we've seen heavy sour differentials move a little wider. That was mainly a Mid-Continent refiner that's had a complete power outage that's decreased the demand for Canadian heavy. As we move through the third quarter, you'll see a turnaround activity in the Mid-Continent, especially also decreased demand for Canadian heavy, which is supportive of the differentials. And then longer term, I think the two things you pointed towards, for meaningful, sustainable wider heavy sour differentials, you really need more OPEC production back on the market. We're unsure exactly when that occurs. But yes, our view has been late this year, early next year, you start to see more OPEC barrels on the market, which will create wider heavy sour differentials. The other thing I'd point to is even with where the differentials were in the second quarter, we saw a significant economic uplift by running heavy sour crudes in the second quarter even with where the differential were.
Manav Gupta : My follow-up here is, as you're approaching your completion on the SAF unit, are there any preliminary estimates we should think about how much of an uplift could this change going from early to SAF provide to you guys?
Eric Fisher : Manav, this is Eric. We were not going to give out like specifics like that. I would say you can look at the various programs, the state programs, the federal tax credits around whether it's BTC or PTC and then the mandate in the EU and the U.K. all kind of give you an indicator of what that uplift will be Argus has got a quote that you can look at. What we would say is that there is a premium of SAF over RD, and it's all going to be give us a margin that will be stronger than RD. And our outlook is that we'll meet the economics of our projects. So all of that looks pretty positive.
Operator: Our next question is from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen : I wanted to go back to one of Gary's comments earlier on demand across your footprint, the 10% year-over-year uptick on the diesel side, which is not representative of the broader market. Can you give some color on how you've been able to take market share what seems to be on a continued basis at this point?
Gary Simmons : Well, I guess I'd just say our wholesale team has done a great job for us on growing our market share. And then some of that has also been due to some of the refinery rationalization that took place, especially during the COVID period. It's allowed us to grow our market share as well.
Theresa Chen : And following up on the renewable fuel economics, Eric, can you provide an update on your outlook for the different subsidy prices over the near to medium-term, especially with the election around the corner?
Eric Fisher : Yes, that's something everyone is trying to figure out and it's a really difficult dart to throw these days. I think one of the things we look at is, the RIN market still looks oversupplied to us. So as we kind of get into the back end of '24, it looks like the RIN market is long, the California LCFS market will remain long and therefore, we think with fat prices starting to increase, we see compression in RD margins in the back half of '24. The policy things that are coming up, LCFS might expand with California. They're still saying that's going to be a 2025 change. The RIN update for 2026 got pushed to March of '25. But with all the expectations that Ag has on the RFS volumes, we expect that will probably be some sort of increase. So I think longer term in sort of the next one to two years, we see a lot of tailwind for DGD in terms of credit prices. Specific to our platform, we are obviously diversifying into SAF. That's going to be a diversification away from RD with -- that includes a premium to RD. So that looks pretty strong. And then the other thing that will be interesting because this is being looked at now is, are we going to have a BTC or PTC transition January 1. And as we've said in the past, the RIN and the BTC have a relationship that previously, when we discussed the BTC going away, we expected the RIN to increase to keep the biodiesel producer at breakeven. So when you think about a BTC to PTC transition where the PTC is less than $1, there is some view that the RIN will have to pick up the difference in order to keep the biodiesel blender breakeven. So you have a little bit of a discussion of the market and the credits look long but the relationship between BTC, PTC and the RIN has always been somewhat of a factor of rebalancing the market. How fast that happens, how soon that happens, the timing of that, given the elections, those are all kind of up in the air. But I think structurally, as you look forward, all of this looks pretty good for DGD.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : I think this is for Gary. Gary, can I go back into your comment. First low in May and so now just two months. So where you can see, do you think the impact on the West Coast market from the TMX is now fully retracted in the marketplace? Or the thing over the several months that we do have solution indication to the crude defense in that market? Secondly, maybe this is either for Gary or for Lane. As the market normalizes, how does it impact the way how your refining operations run in terms of the sustainable maximum run rate crude yield or product yield, whatever that you can give some comments that would be great.
Gary Simmons : Yes. I'll start with TMX, Paul. Yes, I think that it took a little while for the West Coast market to respond to TMX. If you look though at where ANS was trading prior to the TMX start-up, and kind of where September is trading relative to Brent, ANS has come off in the $1.50 to $2 range, which is in line with what we thought the impact TMX would have on West Coast crude costs. I just don't think you'll see that show up until more third quarter.
Lane Riggs: I'll take a shot at the second one. Paul, this is Lane. I don't really see as the world sort of settled on some other places that impacts our operations. We always take signals from the market. We focus on being reliable. We focus on execution. We don't move turnarounds and do things like that based on whether we think the markets good now, not later. Our idea is operational excellence means that we wake up every day, we try to -- where we will execute in a way there were the best operator that we can be, which we think we are the best operator out there. And so we don't really profoundly see any change based on necessarily some sort of different refining outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Laetsch with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Laetsch : So on the refining side and on the export side, specifically, would you mind just giving us an update on Mexico? And if I remember right, I think there was a new terminal opening there this year as well.
Gary Simmons : Yes. So this is Gary. I would tell you our volumes to Mexico were down a little bit. We've been fairly consistently sending about 100,000 barrels a day in the second quarter that was more like 87,000 barrels a day. For us, it's just another knob we have in optimizing our Gulf Coast system. And with where PEMEX was pricing the barrels, we had better alternatives. It's not a shift. Moving forward, we do think you'll see some growth in our Mexico volumes. Our terminal that we'll utilize an Altamira will start up before the end of the year. It will allow us to be more competitive in the Northern Mexico market and allow us to continue to grow our volumes there.
Joseph Laetsch : And then shifting over to RD. So I know you talked about this a little bit earlier and feedstock costs have been higher over the past couple of months, but could you just talk about a little bit more about what you're seeing on the feedstock cost side as well as availability here with some of the new start-ups?
Eric Fisher : Yes. We have noticed that there is growing competition for waste oils, we're still the largest importer of foreign waste oils. So if we look at that they were used -- if I compare it to last year, there was a pretty good arb of foreign feedstocks over domestic feedstocks being more advantaged. What we see that is that's largely incorporated and now domestic feedstocks look to be the most attractive from a cost standpoint. From a CI standpoint, those are still all the most advantaged feedstocks for RD, but we do see overall particularly waste oil feedstocks starting to increase. So I would say it looks like feedstock prices have bottomed out here in the second quarter. They're starting to trend up a little bit in the third quarter, largely attributed to some of the start-ups that we see in California.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta : Staying on refining, I just love your guys perspective on the coking market, especially in light of Port Arthur coming online, which was a really good asset. And just your perspective on fuel oil and the opportunity around how of coking and how that those margins can start to normalize over time? What's the sequence of events that we'll get back to tap?
Greg Bram: Neil, this is Greg. So we still see good value in coking margins. Gary talked about where the heavy sour crude market has been. That's with our coker online and with the industry running the way it has. So I don't think that we see something that's a big step change going forward. As Gary mentioned, as you put -- as you get some more medium sour, heavy crude into the market later this year that should enhance that value. But right now, it's still a strong opportunity for us still beats our other modes of operation and something we're looking to maximize.
Neil Mehta : And then the follow-up is around Asia and specifically around China, as we look at oil demand data, one of the things that disappointed our model has been Chinese domestic demand. Do you see it -- as you look at the data, and that's a part of the contribution to some of the softness in PADD 5 and in the Asian refining margin lift in the absence of strong Chinese demand?
Gary Simmons : Neil, this is Gary. We don't have a lot of visibility into the markets in the Far East. But I would tell you, certainly, what you read is in China, especially diesel demand is down. We see as much as 10% a lot less construction activity there. But for the most part, it looks like they've adjusted refinery runs to say somewhat balanced on exports. Now we would say exports are up slightly. But for the most part, they've adjusted refinery runs to balance demand, and we haven't seen a significant step change in their exports.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen.
Jason Gabelman : I wanted to go back to the wholesale channel growth. And it's been pretty consistent over the past few years. And I'm wondering, if you can provide some sort of earnings estimate in terms of an uplift from selling through that channel relative to maybe some pre-COVID period or other baseline you have available and if you expect that growth to continue?
Gary Simmons : Yes. The only comment, we don't really give a lot of detail around our wholesale margins. Obviously, the growth is because that's our most -- the positive netback for our Gulf Coast system and our U.S. system, and that's why we continue to push it to grow. So that should be reflected in capture rates going forward, but we don't really give a lot of detail on what those margins are.
Jason Gabelman : Can you provide on a volumetric basis, how much it's grown and how much more you think you could push to that channel?
Gary Simmons : Yes, I can, roughly. I mean, you look three years ago, we were fairly consistently in the 850,000 barrel range and now over 1 million barrels a day. So somewhere in the neighborhood of 150,000 barrels a day of growth in wholesale is what I'd tell you over the last few years.
Homer Bhullar : Jason, there's a page, I think Page 24 in the deck, which goes all the way back to 2012 for more color.
Jason Gabelman : And then just specifically on results in refining. I think co-products were a pretty decent headwind to capture. I'm wondering how much that shaved off capture rates in 2Q and if you're seeing any reversal of those headwinds going into 3Q, especially as crude has started to fall?
Greg Bram: Yes, Jason, this is Greg. You're right. That was a headwind. I don't know if I have the exact amount. And that will come and go over time, certainly was working against us in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Blair : Maybe just sticking on capture. I think it makes sense that your capture was lower quarter-over-quarter just due to those challenges in the co-products, at the same time, I believe that the Q2 capture was the lowest absolute number in like five or year years. So has anything changed structurally on your capture compared to even just like last year?
Greg Bram: So this is Greg. Yes, there were a few things going on in the second quarter that I think had some impact specific to this period. One, we always talk about the seasonal RVP change in gasoline and how that can have a negative impact on margin capture as you pull the butane out of the gasoline that you were able to do in the winter time. So certainly, that was a piece. We also saw crude market backwardation fairly strong in second quarter, which impacts crude cost, the acquisition cost for crude. Yes, it was probably $0.80 to $0.90 a barrel relative to prior quarter and even looking back at some of the other periods in time. We talked about the co-products, naphtha propylene in particular. And I think the other thing maybe worth noting that is a bit unique to the second quarter, we always pride ourselves on being able to go secure some of those opportunity feedstocks that we can run in our system, particularly in our Gulf Coast system with all the flexibility we have there. And I would just tell you in the second quarter, just the way the market played out, there just wasn't a lot of that opportunity to be had, not that we weren't looking for it. It's just the way kind of the market shaped up. And so that's a bit unique from what we've seen in the past. And I would expect we'd see those kind of opportunities when we look forward going in future periods.
Matthew Blair : And then on the ethanol side, if I could ask, how sustainable do you think this recent uptick in ethanol margins is? And also, is there an update on the Summit carbon capture project? When do you expect that to start up and benefit your ethanol plants?
Eric Fisher : Sure. On the ethanol side, this increased margin is really a result of cheap natural gas prices as well as cheap corn. If you look at all of the carryout numbers for this year, with Brazil having a record crop, the U.S. having a record crop forecasted, the carryout is going to be pretty large. That means we're still carrying a fairly large inventory of corn from last year. The harvest that's coming up is going to be another large inventory. So we -- so I see corn fairly cheap barring weather event between now and harvest or something dramatic in Brazil. So I think the -- I'm positive on the ethanol outlook for the next -- for this -- the rest of this year and into next year. After that, it's always harvest to harvest of what the next outlook will look like after that. As far as Summit, that's not our project. That's really a question for Summit. They just got their approval in Iowa. We still view carbon sequestration as a supportive strategy for ethanol, but that's -- we're just a shipper on that project. So if and when that gets put in the ground where we'll happily hook up to it and provide volume into that system, but we don't really have a whole lot of insight into the project itself.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Homer for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thank you. I appreciate everyone joining us today. As always, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you, and have a great week.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corp. First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead. 
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. 
 If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call.
 If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call.
 I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC.  
 Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks. 
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the first quarter despite heavy planned maintenance across our refining system. Our team's ability to optimize and maximize throughput while undertaking maintenance activities illustrates the benefits from our long-standing commitment to safe and reliable operations.  
 Refining margins remain supported by tight product balances with supply constrained by seasonally heavy refining turnarounds and geopolitical events. Product demand was strong across our wholesale system with diesel demand higher and gasoline demand about the same as last year.  
 We continue to execute strategic projects and enhance earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage. DGD sustainable aviation fuel or SAF project at Port Arthur is progressing ahead of schedule and is now expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2024.
 With the completion of this project, Diamond Green Diesel is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. In addition, we are pursuing shorter cash cycle projects that optimize and capitalize on opportunities and improve margins around our existing refining assets. These projects are focused on increasing feedstock flexibility, optimizing the value of our product mix and maximizing utilization of existing conversion capacity.
 On the financial side, we were paid the $167 million outstanding principal amount of our 1.2% senior notes that matured on March 15. And in January, we increased the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $1.02 per share to $1.07 per share.
 Looking ahead, we expect refining margins to remain supported by tight product balances and seasonably low product inventories ahead of the driving season. Longer term, product demand is expected to exceed supply even with the startup of new refineries this year and the limited announced capacity additions beyond 2025.
 In closing, we remain focused on things that have been in the hallmark of our strategy, maintaining operating excellence, executing our projects well, disciplined around our capital investments and our commitment to shareholder returns.
 So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you. 
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the first quarter of 2024, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.2 billion or $3.75 per share compared to $3.1 billion or $8.29 per share for the first quarter of 2023.
 First quarter 2024 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.3 billion or $3.82 per share compared to $3.1 billion or $8.27 per share for the first quarter of 2023. The refining segment reported $1.7 billion of operating income for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $4.1 billion for the first quarter of 2023.
 Refining throughput volumes in the first quarter of 2024 averaged 2.8 million barrels per day. Throughput capacity utilization was 87% in the first quarter of 2024. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.71 per barrel in the first quarter of 2024 lower than guidance of $5.10 per barrel, primarily attributed to lower energy costs and higher throughput.
 Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $190 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $205 million for the first quarter of 2023. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 3.7 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2024, which was 741,000 gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2023.
 The higher sales volumes in the first quarter of 2024 were due to the impact of additional volumes from the DGD Port Arthur plant which started up in the fourth quarter of 2022 and was in the process of ramping up rates in the first quarter of 2023.
 Operating income was lower than the first quarter of 2023 due to lower renewable diesel margin in the first quarter of 2024. The ethanol segment reported $10 million of operating income for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $39 million for the first quarter of 2023.
 Adjusted operating income was $39 million for the first quarter of 2024. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.5 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2024, which was 283,000 gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2023.  
 For the first quarter of 2024, G&A expenses were $258 million, net interest expense was $140 million, depreciation and amortization expense was $695 million and income tax expense was $353 million. The effective tax rate was 21%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.8 billion in the first quarter of 2024. Included in this amount was $160 million unfavorable impact from working capital and $122 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD.
 Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.9 billion in the first quarter of 2024. Regarding investing activities, we made $661 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2024, of which $563 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and the balance was for growing the business.  
 Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member share of DGD and other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $619 million in the first quarter of 2024.
 Moving to financing activities. We returned $1.4 billion to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2024, of which $356 million was paid as dividends and $1 billion was for the purchase of approximately 6.6 million shares of common stock resulting in a payout ratio of 74% for the quarter. Through share repurchases, we have reduced our share count by over 20% since year-end 2021.  
 With respect to our balance sheet, as Lane mentioned, we repaid the $167 million outstanding principal amount of our 1.2% senior notes that matured on March 15. We ended the quarter with $8.5 billion of total debt, $2.4 billion of finance lease obligations and $4.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
 The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 17% as of March 31, 2024. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash.
 Turning to guidance. We still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2024 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, regulatory compliance and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth with approximately half of the growth capital towards our low carbon fuels businesses and half towards refining projects.  
 For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.79 million to 1.84 million barrels per day. Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day. West Coast at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day.  
 We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $4.55 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2024. Operating expenses in 2024 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.18 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization.
 Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.5 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization.
 For the second quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $710 million. For 2024, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately $975 million.  
 That concludes our opening remarks. [Operator Instructions]. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. 
Theresa Chen: I want to get a sense of your product supply and demand outlook from here, maybe talking on Lane's earlier comments. And specifically, what is happening with respect to diesel and jet margins from the recent pullback? And where do you think we'll go from the here? 
Gary Simmons: It's Gary. I can -- I'll give you some insight as to what we're seeing in the market today and then some thoughts on your final question. Overall, we continue to see strong light product demand. In our system, we've seen gasoline sales trending at levels equal to last year. Diesel sales in our system are actually trending about 2% higher than last year.
 So I think when we look at all the data, we would expect gasoline demand to be flat to slightly up from last year. Vehicle models travel data is encouraging, would indicate we could see some gasoline demand surprise to the upside.
 Diesel demand flat to slightly down compared to last year. However, again, some of the freight indices appear to be turning and indicate we could start seeing better demand. And then jet fuel demand up year-over-year.
 I think that isn't really consistent with the sell-off in distillates like you're seeing. And I think some of that's just attributable to the fact that the market appears to be reacting to headlines. So in particular, you have the drone attacks in Russia, diesel gets very strong.
 But then there's a lag in the supply chain. So the physical markets aren't really seeing that interruption in diesel. In fact, Russian exports following the drone attacks was actually higher. And so now we're finally getting to the point where Russian exports are starting to fall off, but the markets have kind of dismissed that, and we've sold off pretty hard.
 I think diesel is too weak. And the 2 things I would point to on diesel being too weak, hydroskimming margins in Europe are negative, cracking margins in Singapore are negative and unless something significant has happened on the demand side that we don't see, we need that capacity to run, which would indicate margins are going to have to get stronger from here on. 
Theresa Chen: Really helpful. And maybe following up on the point about Russia, and I appreciate you going through the dynamics on the diesel exports and such. Maybe looking at the naptha side of things. So if the naptha export starts to fall off as well, what does that imply for octane economics? And in light of maybe more naphtha from some of the new refining capacity added, like what is the net impact and the translation to gasoline margins as a result? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think in order to see any meaningful changes in the price of naphtha or discount to gasoline, you really need to see pet-chem demand pick back up for naphtha and a lot of that is just tied to crude flat price. As long as crude flat price is high, it's hard for naphtha to compete as a feedstock into pet-chems.
 And so when that happens, then naphtha is trying to find a home into gasoline, which creates strong octane in order to be able to get it blended into the gasoline pool. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Another really strong quarter. And I wanted to ask about the cash flow payout as you're well above the numbers that you've targeted as the floor and so I guess the $1 billion of repurchase level, do we view that as a sustainable run rate? And how do you think about how investors should anchor to a payout guidance? 
Jason Fraser: Neil, this is Jason. I'm going to ask Homer to address that question. 
Homer Bhullar: Yes, Neil, I think given the strength of our balance sheet in the first quarter and the fact that we're not really looking to build more cash, we had a pretty strong payout at 74%. And you'll remember, last quarter was 73%, which ended the year at 60%. So I think you can think of the 40% to 50% range as a long-term through-cycle commitment.
 But in periods where fundamentals are strong, balance sheet is good, like it is now, and sustaining growth CapEx and the dividend is covered, you can think of that as a floor. So the 40% to 50% as a floor and I think reasonably expect any excess cash flow to continue to go towards buybacks. 
Neil Mehta: Okay. That's helpful, Homer. And then follow-up is just on DGD. There was a pull forward of the SAF projects. So it looks like project is tracking well for '24 start-up. So just how -- once it comes into service, what's the back of the envelope of how we should think about the incremental economics? And what type of premium margins do you think you could sustain on SAF barrels? 
Eric Fisher: Yes, this is Eric. The project -- like you said, the project construction is going well. Start-up will be in the fourth quarter. As far as what we see in uplift, I think if you look to see what the state and federal tax program benefits are, there's a lot of credits that have been stated in the IRA, whether it's 45Z or BTC or PTC. And then in Europe, you've got the Argus quote that I'll kind of give you a good feel of what that product is going to be worth. 
 We've got strong interest in sales, and we do not see a problem moving it at returns that are going to meet our project return threshold. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. 
Roger Read: Yes. Probably to come back on some of the macro stuff here. Crude differentials, we've got some, I guess, discipline out of OPEC, we've got TMX starting up, I guess, almost any day now, we have some tightness from some other places that typically have exported heavier crudes to the Gulf Coast. So just curious what you're seeing on the crude, call it, availability front and expectations on differentials? 
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, this is Gary. I think we saw crude differentials move a little bit wider in the first quarter, which we expected and that was mainly just driven by demand with heavy turnaround season in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Demand was off a little bit and allowed the differentials to widen. 
 But we believe that the differentials will be relatively tight through most of the year until you get the OPEC production back on the market. At least the consultant supply-demand balances would indicate maybe third or fourth quarter of this year you'll start to see OPEC production ramp back up. I would tell you, we're not having any trouble in terms of availability of feedstock, it's just more narrow differentials than what we would like. 
Roger Read: Fair enough. And then to follow up on your earlier comments about the structure of the diesel market, the need for cracks to go up. This time last year, we saw gasoline, for a little while, move above -- gasoline cracks move above diesel cracks, we have that seasonally again. But is there any reason that you would lean into a max gasoline over a max diesel or a blended sort of outlook relative to what you've been doing over the last couple of years here? 
Gary Simmons: No. I think a lot of that gets driven by availability of intermediate feedstocks, VGO. In a tight VGO market, then you're kind of forced more to swing either gasoline or diesel. So far, availability of VGO has been okay. We've been able to fill all the conversion units, but we'll have to see how that goes moving forward. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS. 
Manav Gupta: Congrats on a strong quarter again, guys. My first question here is the bear thesis on refining somewhere was [indiscernible] and it looks like it's not played out these assets from what we read and hear, one of them doesn't have enough hydrogen, the other doesn't even have an FCC. So most likely will not be providing products to the market, maybe even year-end 2024. 
 But my point is, even if they do start providing the products to the market somewhere in 2025, are these the last 2 ones that you are aware of or there's a big wave coming after this? So I'm trying to understand is, even if these 2 come on, they don't really change the global supply dynamics. So after this, again, we could see the market tightening up again. So if you could help us out there? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we see it exactly like you've described. This year was the year where you had kind of a peak in terms of new capacity additions. And then from this point forward, you get to where global petroleum demand outpaces new refinery capacity additions significantly, and we see several years of tightness. 
Manav Gupta: Perfect. The other point is that we generally see big projects get delayed, cost overruns, you are somewhere unique. Your projects get announced and the actual start date keeps moving forward from the announcement, which is absolutely unique to you. And I'm just trying to understand like -- how are you doing this? And I'm hoping I get an answer which is more than we have the best people because we already know that. So help us understand how are you pulling forward your projects? 
Lane Riggs: Manav, it's Lane. That's what I was going to say. But it speaks to the culture. Our culture is very much about high discipline, high accountability and teamwork. We make sure we get the right people into the right jobs and hold them accountable and making sure that they're -- and when I say the right people, they have to be people who are, a, competent; and b, they're willing to work with the other team members who may not necessarily be under them or adjacent to them and ultimately working on behalf of Valero. 
 And we have a high level of visibility with upper-level management because we're a pretty flat organization. So we all know the status of the projects. We all understand where we are in the development cycle and anything -- once the project starts. But I mean it's not like there's -- ultimately, it's about alignment, competency and accountability and that's really the secret sauce. You just got to execute. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. 
Ryan Todd: Maybe a follow-up a little bit on some of the crude mix questions from earlier. I mean with TMX, there's a lot of focus on what the impact is going to be, particularly on complex Mid-Con refineries that are going to have to run more light sweet crude going forward.
 But in some ways, it's similar to what's happened across the broader refining system that's been running more and more light crude across a system that's not always optimized for this. I mean can you talk about what you think this might mean for the optimization of the global refining system with more light sweet crude, what sort of impact does this have on utilization or optimization or general supply as we think about broader market? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. So globally, TMX doesn't have that much of an impact. It's just rebalancing the barrels. I think you see some of the heavier barrels from South America that were going to the West Coast won't travel there and they'll probably go more to the Far East and some more TMX barrels starting to go to the West Coast.
 So globally, not a big impact. We definitely see that hard-to-see differentials will come in because for a period of time here, we'll have the logistics to completely clear Western Canadian production and that could cause some switching of Mid-Continent refiners that they back off on some of the heavies and go to a lighter diet. 
 And yes, to your -- basically to your comment, certainly in the Gulf Coast as we try to run a lighter diet that's resulted in lower overall utilization because we hit light limits on the crude units. 
Ryan Todd: And that's probably something that's happening on a broader sets across the system with general global crude mix being lighter, right? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think overall, the average crude gravity is up about 1.5 numbers, which certainly results in lower utilization because especially most new capacity all was designed for medium and heavy sour crudes. 
Ryan Todd: Maybe switching gears to Diamond Green Diesel. I mean as you think about the broader -- obviously, we've been through a soft spot here on renewable diesel margin with RINs and LCFS pricing low. As you think about the outlook into the back part of this year and into 2025, can you maybe walk through how you view some of the moving pieces that could tighten up that market and improve kind of the relative profitability of whether it's renewable diesel or then eventually SAF in 2025? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think the rest of this year, it's really going to be a question of what some of the other startups look like. We've seen in the news, a lot of announcements of slowdowns, project delays, even some shutdowns. If that capacity comes off-line or slows down, how does that balance versus some of the projects that are starting up in the overall D4 RIN balance at the end of the year? 
 It's a little difficult to throw a dart and know exactly how that's going to end. What we can see is veg oil, whether it's BD or RD is negative. Ag products all look very long right now. We do see -- we were expecting more competition on waste oils. We haven't seen as much of that as we thought we would considering the announced start-ups. So how that balances out for the rest of the year, the thing there is we don't see any change in the RVO obligations. So it's still a question of how much capacity is going into a fixed credit bank in a fixed obligation. 
 And so longer term, if you look at '25, I would think the long-term outlook of RD is still positive because you look at the number of LCFS programs that are still being contemplated by legislation this year, the ramps in Canada and the U.K. continue to be strong. The SAF mandates that are kicking in, in 2025 in Europe, the U.K. are going to create demand. 
 And for us, diversification of your product away from California and your ability to diversify your product slate into SAF are going to be very beneficial to DGD. So I still like the longer-term outlook of '25 and beyond. '24 is a little hard to predict. I think it's still -- it probably still stays long in the D4s, net-net. So it might continue to be sort of a tough year. 
 We think the second quarter from a margin standpoint looks a little better from price lag standpoint, but the back half is still hard to tell with all the moving pieces. But long term, I think you still see a positive outlook, sort of '25 and beyond. 
Operator: The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan. 
John Royall: So my first question is on turnarounds, I guess, for Valero and maybe in terms of expectations for the broader industry. Given you and others had a heavy turnaround quarter in the spring, should we expect a lighter fall season and maybe that global supply won't come on as expected, but we could see more supply in the second half coming out of the U.S. because it just lower turnaround than usual? 
Greg Bram: John, this is Greg Bram. I'll talk about our turnaround activity. Particularly, in the first quarter, we had a pretty heavy turnaround load. You can really see that when you look at our throughput, particularly the Gulf Coast through being much lower. It's just reflective of the work that we had going on. 
 Looking forward, as you know, we've always got turnaround activity going on in our system to varying degrees. The first quarter tends to be the heaviest period, other periods of the year will be lighter, and that's just kind of driven by what we see from a margin standpoint. And there are certain times of the year like the holiday season where you're tending not to try to go into that kind of work that's very intensive.
 As far as different periods of time, I won't speak so much to our plans. We have the same information others see about industry turnarounds. It looks like the fourth quarter will be kind of more in the typical range of outages, but it's early to tell. A lot of things will change between now and when we get to the fall season and so we'll see where that lands. But people at least are indicating something that looks like the more typical turnaround level of activity. 
John Royall: Great. And then I just had a follow-up on Neil's question on returns of capital and probably for Jason or Homer. You're essentially at a full free cash flow payout now. That's what we saw in the first quarter and Homer's comments suggested that -- that's the expectation going forward. 
 I know you've characterized the 40% to 50% of the floor, but is there any thought to changing that framework given that you have your balance sheet where you want it and you seem to be kind of in this new era on returns of capital that don't seem to be kind of peeling back to the old way of looking at things? 
Jason Fraser: Well, this is Jason. Yes, I can take a stab at that. I mean, we do think about that. And really, we ask you to look more at our actions rather than that statement and -- because we've been above it in the majority of time over the past several years. But we also view that more as a long-term indication through the cycle.
 I know we talk about sometimes that's a target and it is, but we don't see any problem with being above it over a consistent period of time, and you should expect us to kind of behave as you said, the last couple of quarters are probably the best indication of the future is how we're going to behave with regard to cash. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jo Laetsch of Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Laetsch: Congrats on a strong quarter. So I wanted to go back to SAF. Are you seeing enough demand from customers to potentially support an additional project? And then if so, would this -- would any potential announcement come after the first facility is online? Just trying to think about timing overall. 
Eric Fisher: Yes. I think the -- what we're seeing in terms of the commercial interest exceeds our current capacity with the first project. As we've said, we're doing engineering on the second project. In terms of timing, that's always for us, that's always an issue that we're not going to talk about that until we've decided internally on committing to that. 
 But what I'd say from a macro view, you could clearly -- the units are cookie cutters of each other. The project is nearly identical, the execution time and all of that is going to be very similar. So it's not a technically challenging project or something that would be difficult to fund. It's a question of how we see this market develop and when we decide internally is when we would say something externally. 
Joseph Laetsch: Great. Yes, that makes sense. And then I was hoping to go back and dig into your comments on Asia refining dynamics earlier, just given the decline in margins that we've seen over the past couple of months. Do you think we're close to a floor over there? And then we've also seen China exports tick up in recent months, how do you think that's been impacting U.S. margins? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think my comment there, when you have cracking margins in Singapore negative and you have hydroskimming margins in Europe negative, it kind of tells you we've hit a floor, we need the capacity to run and I think you'll see margins start to tick back up. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotia. 
Paul Cheng: The first question, I think, is either for Gary or for Lane. Peer mix start up, and so that's going to bring the WCS, which is mostly the main mix in [indiscernible] heavy oil with really heavy [indiscernible] barrels and [indiscernible]. So when that happens, will your system be able to convert all your -- if the price is right, can your system convert all your heavy intake and the medium intake into using a some form of combination of WCS plus some light barrel or that is not as simple? And also whether the industry will be able to, say, eliminate all the import from the heavy barrel from, say, [indiscernible] from the Middle East, replacing with WCS? That's the first question. 
Gary Simmons: Yes, Paul, this is Gary. I think what we anticipate there's a lot of coking capacity on the West Coast. I'll just use our Benicia refinery as an example. Benicia was really designed to run A&S. And we think with the barrels that are coming off TMX both the heavies and the lights, you'll be able to blend those together to form something that looks a lot like A&S. And we would expect most West Coast refiners will be doing something similar to that. 
Paul Cheng: Okay. And second question then, Gary, can you give us some maybe your [ comments ] that what you see in the Mexican market for both gasoline and diesel? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our sales in Mexico have been consistent with historic levels. We're selling just over 100,000 barrels a day. We expect demand in Mexico remains very strong. We would expect to see that kind of ramp up later this year when we get our marine terminal in Altamira up and running, that will make us more competitive in the north and allow us to continue to grow volumes in Mexico. 
Paul Cheng: Gary, do you have an export number you can share in the first quarter. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we did 103,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports. We did 153,000 barrels of diesel exports and 25,000 barrels a day of jet exports. The diesel number in the first quarter was down year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, and I wouldn't read that as lack of demand. That was really a result of the heavy turnaround activity and just we didn't have barrels available for export. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. 
Matthew Blair: Could you talk about your M&A appetite for refining assets? I think it's been about a decade since you did a major deal. Has anything changed regarding your overall outlook on M&A? 
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. Not really. I mean we always look at everything. I mean if you look at the most prompt sort of big deal that's out there [indiscernible] we sorted as a corporation decided not to engage in that. For whatever reason, whoever the successful buyer they can sort everything out wants to liquidate some of the assets, we'll certainly look at them at that time. 
 But in terms of philosophy, we look at everything, but we also, as a company, because we have done so much buying refineries and merging and acquiring, we understand the full cost to make a refinery run it and certainly at the level that we expect. And so ultimately, that goes into the to our valuation models. 
Operator: The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of TD Cowen. 
Jason Gabelman: I had 2 market-based questions. The first, just wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing on the West Coast as we move into the summer now that another asset will be permanently shut down there? Are you seeing ratable exports coming from overseas product-wise into that market or do you expect kind of heightened volatility and elevated prices there? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I would tell you, in the first quarter, we saw a little lower demand, at least in our system, California for gasoline, which I think was related to weather. We've seen demand kind of return to normal patterns. And it's very difficult to just speculate and put barrels on the water to import the California market.
 So we don't think a lot of people are doing that, and you need to see the market react before you would go ahead and put barrels on the water for import into California. So we think there will be a lot of volatility and it really is all dependent on how refineries on the West Coast run throughout the driving season. 
Jason Gabelman: Got it. And then my second question, just going back to the commentary around the global lighting crude slate. And you had previously made a comment that crude gravity over the past few years has gone up 3 to 4 points and that's maybe reduced global capacity available by 3 to 4 percentage points. Can you just comment on that dynamic? 
Gary Simmons: I don't know that I can quantify that. Certainly, that is our view that as the crude gravity goes higher, there's a lot of refining capacity around the world that was designed for a heavier gravity crude diet. It causes some derate crude units, but quantifying it. I don't know that I can do that. I don't know, Greg, if you have? 
Greg Bram: I don't have any rules of thumb either. 
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments. 
Homer Bhullar: Thank you, Donna. Appreciate everyone joining us. Obviously, please feel free to contact the IR team if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time or log off the webcast, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 10:55:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero Energy Corp. Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year. With the exception of our 2022 results, we delivered the highest fourth quarter and full year adjusted earnings in company's history in 2023, demonstrating the earnings capability of our portfolio. Our refining system achieved 97.4% mechanical availability in 2023, which is our best ever. We also set a record for environmental performance and matched our previous record for process safety, illustrating the benefits from our longstanding commitment to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations.  Now through organic growth of our wholesale system, we set an annual record for sales volume in 2023 at approximately 1 million barrels per day, demonstrating the strength of our branded and wholesale marketing network. We continue to pursue strategic projects that enhance the earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage.  The DGD Sustainable Aviation Fuel, or SAF project at Port Arthur remains on schedule to completion expected in the first quarter of 2025 for a total of $315 million. Half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. In addition, we are pursuing shorter cash cycle projects that optimize and capitalize on opportunities to improve margins around our existing refining assets.  On the financial side, we continue to honor our commitment to shareholders. We returned 73% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the fourth quarter, resulting a 60% payout ratio for 2023, and last week, our Board approved a 5% increase in the quarterly cash dividend. Looking ahead, we expect refining margins to remain supported by tight product supply and demand balances. In the near term, product inventories ahead of the summer driving season are expected to be constrained with heavy industry-wide turnaround activity in the first quarter, providing support to refining margins. Long term, we expect global demand growth to exceed products applied despite new refinery startups. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operations, return-driven discipline on growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns has driven our success and positions us well for the future.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the fourth quarter of 2023, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.2 billion or $3.55 per share compared to $3.1 billion or $8.15 per share for the fourth quarter of 2022. Fourth quarter 2022 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.2 billion or $8.45 per share.  For 2023, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $8.8 billion or $24.92 per share compared to $11.5 billion or $29.04 per share in 2022. 2023 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $8.8 billion or $24.90 per share compared to $11.6 billion or $29.16 per share in 2022. The refining segment reported $1.6 billion of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $4.3 billion for the fourth quarter of 2022. Refining throughput volumes in the fourth quarter of 2023 averaged 3 million barrels per day. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the fourth quarter of 2023.  Refining cash operating expenses were $4.99 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2023, higher than guidance of $4.60 primarily due to an environmental regulatory reserve adjustment in the West Coast. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $84 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $261 million for the fourth quarter of 2022. Renewable Diesel sales volumes averaged 3.8 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2023, which was 1.3 million gallons per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2022. The higher sales volumes in the fourth quarter of 2023 were due to the impact of additional volumes from the DGD Port Arthur plant, which started up in the fourth quarter of 2022. Operating income was lower than the fourth quarter of 2022 due to lower renewable diesel margin in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Ethanol segment reported $190 million of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $7 million for the fourth quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating income was $205 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $69 million for the fourth quarter of 2022. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.5 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2023, which was 448,000 gallons per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2022.  Adjusted operating income was higher than the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of higher production volumes and lower corn prices in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the fourth quarter of 2023, G&A expenses were $295 million, and net interest expense was $149 million. G&A expenses were $998 million in 2023.  Depreciation and amortization expense was $690 million and income tax expense was $331 million for the fourth quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate was 22% for 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023. Included in this amount was a $631 million unfavorable impact from working capital and $65 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was $9.2 billion. Included in this amount was a $2.3 billion unfavorable impact from working capital and $512 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member's share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities in 2023 was $11 billion.  Regarding investing activities, we made $540 million of capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2023, of which $460 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and the balance was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture member share of DGD, capital investments attributable to Valero were $506 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 and $1.8 billion for 2023. Moving to financing activities. We returned $1.3 billion to our stockholders in the fourth quarter of 2023 of which $346 million was paid as dividends and $966 million was for the purchase of approximately 7.5 million shares of common stock, resulting in a payout ratio of 73% for the quarter. As Lane mentioned, this results in a payout ratio of 60% for the year. Through share repurchases, we reduced our share count by approximately 11% in 2023 and by 19% since year-end 2021.  With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $9.2 billion of total debt, $2.3 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 18% as of December 31, 2023. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.3 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2024 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, regulatory compliance and joint venture investments. About $1.6 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth with approximately half of the growth capital towards our low carbon fuel businesses and half towards refining projects.  Our low carbon fuels growth capital is primarily for the SAF project. Our refining growth projects aim to increase our crude flexibility in the Gulf Coast extract more value out of some of our conversion unit capacity, improve our access to some key product markets and improve our logistics into or out of our refineries. All of these projects meet or exceed our minimum return threshold of 25% after-tax IRR. For modelling our first quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.52 million to 1.57 million barrels per day which includes turnaround work on the legacy coker at our Port Arthur refinery. Mid-Continent at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day West Coast at 235,000 to 255,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 435,000 to 455,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $5.10 per barrel, reflecting lower throughput due to turnaround activity across our system. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2024. Operating expenses in 2024 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.18 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.5 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about 150 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately 700 million. For 2024, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately 975 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. So my first question is on the macro side, just on light heavies. LLS-Maya has risen all the way to around $10 from about 6 beginning in the quarter, yet we still have OPEC being restrictive in terms of production. Can you talk about the drivers of the widening of coastal heavy diffs and how you see them progressing from here?
Gary Simmons: Sure. This is Gary. I think a number of factors contributed to that. You did see production in Western Canada tick up a little bit in the fourth quarter. We're seeing a few more Venezuelan barrels make their way into the U.S. Gulf Coast. So a little more supply on the market. But probably the biggest factor is as you got late in the fourth quarter and early this quarter, you're starting to see the impact of turnarounds decreasing demand for some of those, especially the heavy sour barrels. In addition to those factors, you had the typical seasonality in high sulfur fuel oil, but lower high sulfur fuel demand for power generation kind of weighing on the heavy sour discounts as well. So our view is that through the first quarter, through refinery maintenance season, you'll continue to see a little bit wider heavy sour discounts, but then you'll start to see those come in and really for any meaningful impact to sustainable impact for the quality diffs we need more OPEC production on the market. If you look at the consultant forecast, it looks like that could happen probably third quarter this year.
John Royall: Great. Thanks, Gary. And then my second question is on return of capital. So your number for the quarter was very strong, and you finished the year at 60% of CFO. I know you've talked about how you tend to come in above the range when cracks are strong. If '24 ends up being kind of more of a mid-cycle type year or even below, how should we think about where you might fall in that 40% to 50% range this year?
Jason Fraser: Good morning. This is Jason. And I've got a bit of a cold. And if I talk too much, I'll go into a coughing fits. So I'm going to ask Homer to respond.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Jason. Yes, John, I mean our approach to shareholder returns is driven by our annual target of 40% to 50% of adjusted net cash from operations. And obviously, that includes the dividend, which we consider non-discretionary and buybacks, which are considered the flywheel supplementing our dividend to hit our target. And given the strength in our balance sheet in the fourth quarter, as we highlighted, we had a 73% payout which resulted in a 60% payout for the year. And as you touched on, since 2014, we've regularly paid above our target. And in fact, the average payout for the 5 years leading into COVID was around 57%. So I think in short and periods when the balance sheet is strong as it is now and sustaining CapEx, the dividend and strategic CapEx is covered. You can reasonably think of our 40% to 50% target as a floor and expect any excess cash to go towards buybacks.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. Would you mind giving us an update on your clean products supply and demand outlook from here? Taking into account the recent inventory moves as well as the additional refining capacity ramping up internationally, some utilization even is not fully running and what you're also seeing in terms of demand across your footprint, please?
Gary Simmons: Sure, Theresa. This is Gary. It's always difficult to assess the markets this early, kind of the holidays and weather tend to have a big impact on-road transportation fuel demand and then fog in the Gulf kind of tends to limit exports. But domestically, I can tell you, demand for gasoline appears to be following typical seasonal patterns. It looks normal for this time of year and in line with where we were last year, I will tell you, gasoline volumes through our wholesale channel of trade are down, a few percent year-over-year. We're not really concerned about that because you can see it's in regions that were really impacted by weather. And as the weather we're starting to see the volumes recover nicely. European gasoline markets are relatively strong. That's kept the transatlantic arb closed, and then market structure doesn't really incentivize making summer great gasoline and putting it into storage. Gasoline exports into Mexico and Latin America have remained steady. So all of this really has us pretty optimistic on gasoline cracks once we move into spring and gasoline demand improves with driving season. On the diesel side, demand in our system is up about 7% compared to last year. Probably seeing more heating oil demand with a little bit colder weather. Diesel inventory remains at the bottom of the 5-year average range. So good demand combined with low inventory continues to support the diesel cracks. Diesel exports in our system were down a little in the fourth quarter. The Russian barrels making their way into South America have caused some changes in trade flow with more of our barrels going to Europe. In Europe, warm weather tended to keep their demand down a little bit. But I can tell you thus far in the first quarter, we're seeing much stronger European demand with the colder weather hitting there. We believe the diesel cracks continue to get support from increased jet demand. As kerosene gets pulled out of the diesel pool as we continue to recover from COVID. Jet demand last year was still down about 10.5% from pre-COVID levels. Most forecasts show us closing about half that gap this year. And then expectations for a little better for diesel demand with slightly colder weather and freight picking back up as well. So overall, back to your question on new capacity, it looks like to us somewhere about 1.5 million barrels a day of new capacity coming online, year-over-year growth in demand looks to be slightly over 1 million barrels a day. So supply/demand balances are really fairly close to what we saw last year. The question really becomes timing of when that new capacity comes on. Our view is that it will take longer for those new refineries to start up and you don't really see an impact on supply until later in the year. And if that holds, then you have relatively tight supply-demand balances was really the only difference being we're starting from a different inventory position, as you've already mentioned. In our mind on that, we do expect to see inventory draws over the next several weeks. The cold weather had some impact on refinery operations, and then you'll start to get into turnaround season, which we would expect total light product inventory to begin to draw.
Theresa Chen: Thank you for that detailed answer. And then maybe just looking within the U.S., what are your views on the divergence in product margins across regions? What do you think is causing the weakness in benchmark cracks in the Mid-Con particular just suppose with the strength in the Gulf Coast?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So historically, we've seen that the Mid-Con is short product in the summer and long product in the winter. And I think we're seeing that this year. The market is just long and especially the weathers tended to hit that region more and so we see demand off in that region. But I think once you start to see the weather clear and you get back into driving season, the Mid-Continental recover. Seeing the same thing kind of on the West Coast, weathers tended to impact demand on the West Coast. And so we've seen that market a little bit softer than maybe you would typically see for this time of year.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Congrats on great results. And one of the things that stood out to us was the capture rates continue to be very good. And I recognize some of that is operational performance, but some of that's commercial and Lane guaranteed, I know there's some sensitivities around that, but a lot of your competitors spend a lot of time talking about what they're doing on the commercial side. So just be curious, if anything you can share about how you're optimizing what continues to be a very dynamic environment.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Neil, it's Lane. So I'm not going to, you know, I'll start by saying thank you. And I will say that, you know, I wouldn't trade our commercial team for any other team in the industry. I sort of spoke about this in the past. You know, everyone in our company understands the position they play. I think sometimes some, I've been in organizations where that's not really clear and you can get a lot of interference running between the supply chain. That's not true at Valero. Everybody has a position they play and they understand how to do it well. Refining focuses on reliability and operating. Envelopes and expenses, our P&E coordinates between the groups that make the signals, and our refining commercial groups execute the signals. And it's pretty clear on how all that's supposed to work. And so I would tell you that that's really the key to our execution. And, of course, finally, everybody in the corporation is incentivized with the same goals. We don't have different groups having their own sort of incentives. So that's how we get alignment all the way through. So glad to have them.
Neil Mehta: Yeah, no, it shows up. So thank you. Then the follow-up just on North Atlantic, it was particularly strong this quarter relative to the benchmark. You know, the benchmark, I think, was $16, and the realized gross margin was well above that. So just curious if there's anything you'd call out in Montreal or UK that drove the strength there.
Greg Bram: Hey, Neil, this is Greg. So we saw accrued costs improve in that region, primarily in Cannes, where you saw that occur more than you did in Pembroke. And then you brought up commercial margins. They were very strong for the quarter as well for that region. And then some of the compliance costs for the programs over there, costs were lower than we've seen in prior periods. And all those things combined to drive up that capture rate in the North Atlantic.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, and I'll just add, you know, Syncrude trading at $7 below Brent, you know, and a discount to that to Brent with a high distillate yield crude is a real benefit to our system.
Neil Mehta: Yeah, that makes sense. Thanks, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I'm not sure who wants to take this one, Lane, but I want to ask perhaps an obvious question about shipping disruptions and what it means for perhaps not Valero specifically, but just in a more macro sense. How do, you know, the situation with the Red Sea bidding up clean tanker rates and so on, what does that do to the movement of product and the implications for a system which is perhaps more dependent on imports than it has been at any time, at least since I've covered this sector?
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so, you know, we're not really running crude from that region, so it hasn't really had an impact to us in terms of supply of crude. But the big impact, especially on the crude side of the business, has just been freight rates. You know, we had a period of time where you could export from the U.S. Gulf Coast to Northwest Europe crude, you know, in the low $2 a barrel range. That spiked to $6 a barrel. And you could see that in Brent TI. So, you know, I would tell you probably for our system, net is an advantage because it gives us a crude cost advantage versus our global competitors.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I realize it's kind of hard to quantify, so we'll continue to watch, but thanks for that answer. Lane, my follow-up is for you or maybe for Jason, given it's cold, but 40% to 50% payout, it seems that, at least on our numbers, you are easily able to sustain the payout at the higher level, especially now that you've restated your $2 billion CapEx plan. So I'm just curious, what's the reficient [ph] to kind of reset that range that your system clearly is capable of supporting in terms of the payout?
Lane Riggs: I'm going to let Homer answer that.
Homer Bhullar: Hey, Doug. I mean, I think obviously our target is set on a long-term range, right? And so the 40% to 50% think of it as like a long-term target. But to your point, and as I mentioned earlier, we've consistently come in above that. And, again, I think when you have a strong balance sheet as it is right now, we're not going to build cash. So I think you should reasonably expect shareholder returns to come in above that target.
Doug Leggate: That's what we expect. Thanks so much. I appreciate you taking my questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: So I wanted to ask about the renewable diesel side of the business. The capture on the DJD dropped to about 49%. And now Homer has done a very good job of explaining to the market how the lag works. So if we add back that lag effect and that 64%, the actual capture would have hit something like 93%. So when we look past 4Q, the margin is up materially. And if we assume an 80%, 90% capture, ignoring the lag, would that imply that first quarter in terms of renewable diesel margin would be much stronger than the earnings that came for the fourth quarter?
Eric Fisher: Hey, Manav. This is Eric, and I would just say yes. Yeah, that's a very good – yeah, we see a lot of the same curve that you described. And really the change for renewable diesel for Valero is with the first full year of DJD3 in operation, we run a lot higher percentage of foreign feedstocks, and that supply chain is just naturally longer. So the most attractive, lowest CIA feedstocks are coming from foreign imports, and I think that's creating this longer lag than we've seen in DJD historically. So your analysis, I think, is correct.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. Thank you. Just a quick follow-up here is last year we had an abnormally warm winter. Now when we look at this first quarter, as you guys have mentioned, industry is taking a heavier turnaround versus last year, and then you could have a much colder weather out, as we are all seeing there. So year-on-year comp for the first quarter, again, could be better than even last year. I'm just trying to understand the dynamics versus last year versus this as it relates to the heating oil demand.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, that's kind of the way we see it. The big difference between last year and this year is we had the winter storm early in the quarter last year, which took refining capacity offline and kind of created the big inventory reset. You didn't have that this year, but then in our mind you'll see more of a draw as we get into February and March with the turnaround activity and a little colder weather.
Lane Riggs: And it's January. So we still have the possibility of cold weather hitting the Gulf Coast.
Manav Gupta: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Hi. Morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
Gary Simmons: Good morning.
Sam Margolin: I had a question on the gasoline market. You know, I think capture rate in 4Q may have benefited from butane economics, and so correspondingly if there was a high incentive to blend as much winter grade as possible, there may have been a low incentive to make and store summer grade, and there's just a lot of NGL supply that is kind of making its way into stockpiles across a number of categories. And so I want to know if it makes sense to think about, you know, as we enter into driving season, if total gasoline inventories are maybe overstated, just given the quantity of, you know, maybe butane in that number.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, certainly in our system when you look at the cost to produce of a summer grade of gasoline, there's no economics at all to be making summer grade gasoline and putting it into storage. You know, I think the only people that could be storing barrels at all, it would be high octane components, and they're really just, you know, speculating that octane is going to get stronger. But we certainly see it that way, that the barrels that are in storage today are largely winter grade.
Sam Margolin: Great. And thanks. My non-follow-up second question is about SAF. And, you know, I'm just wondering how that market is developing for you commercially, you know, as we get closer to the SAF unit coming on. I think there's a view that, you know, the SAF market could take on some, you know, contracted, you know, longer term kind of cost plus characteristics because airlines have levers to pass it through that are sort of outside of the policy regime. But would love your thoughts on how commercially SAF is developing as you get closer to production.
Eric Fisher: Yeah, Sam, I think you've said it well. We continue to talk to all the airlines and cargo carriers. A lot of their models are going to be based on more of a voluntary approach in sort of a jet plus basis that goes into a pass through to customers that want to offset their carbon footprint through their travel, you know, through their travel budgets. And so we continue to have a lot of those conversations. I think we're very close on having several contracts done with airlines going into our early production from our project. So that continues to be progressing very, very well. So we don't see that we're going to have a problem moving all of the volume out of this project.
Sam Margolin: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Sansky of Sansky Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sansky: Morning all. I was going to ask about international shipping, but you've dealt with the Red Sea. So could you just talk a bit about Russia? There was big headlines about a port explosion there. I was wondering how much distillate and other product you're seeing coming out of Russia as we start the year. Secondly, I think you've benefited a lot from Venezuelan, incremental Venezuelan crude. What's your outlook there? And then finally, what are you seeing from Mexico with the new big refinery starting and Nigeria maybe with the refinery starting? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Okay. Yeah, I'll start with Russia. I think, you know, the drone attack that occurred last night, you know, probably the biggest market impact we're seeing so far is you've seen a reaction in the naphtha market. That refinery supplied a lot of naphtha to the Far East, and so there's concern that that flow may be gone, and so the naphtha market's tightened up. I think you do see distillates starting to fall, you know, and some of what we're seeing is that, you know, as the refineries experience some issues, they're having trouble getting support from the West that they typically would, even for things like, you know, spare parts and those types of things. So, you know, we do see that maybe distillate starts to trend off a little bit due to those issues. The middle part of the question was?
Paul Sansky: Venezuela. Venezuela.
Gary Simmons: Okay, yeah. So we continue to ramp up our volume of Venezuelan crude. I think, you know, the lifting of sanctions more than additional volume into our system probably had more of a price impact, you know, so we did see a little bit more value in the fourth quarter on the Venezuelan barrels that were running as a result of, you know, further reducing some of the sanctions that they have on Venezuela.
Paul Sansky: Mexico refineries, though.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so we're not seeing any impact as of yet from the Mexico refineries. You know, when we talk about crude supply, there's always the discussion that, you know, we may see some fall off in our supply of Maya, but that really hasn't impacted us yet. And we don't see any delta on the product side of the business yet either.
Paul Sankey: And I guess that would then apply to Nigeria as well, right?
Gary Simmons: Yes, same thing. We think in our mind, it's going to take a while for that refinery to ramp up. It's just a big refinery that's not going to be easy to bring online.
Paul Sankey: Great. And then just a follow-up second question here, Homer. Lane, you said that you don't anticipate the asset base changing greatly with the change that we saw last year in CEO with you taking the leadership. Can you just update us, given the number of assets that are on the market? And perhaps if you want to add anything on California where results look weak for the quarter, and you've expressed dismay policies there? Thanks, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I mean Joe has been pretty consistent as a leadership team, we've been pretty consistent. We look at everything that comes on to the market. I think structurally, our view really is whether it's policies in Europe and Canada and the United States in terms of the desire to try to move away from fossil fuels, the difficulty of -- and the difficulty is to make investments, we sort of see transportation fuels being structurally short. So we do look through that lens when we look at assets that come on. We also start during the 2000s, we were the biggest consolidator in the industry. So we know what it takes to do this, and we're very good at it. And so we -- our eyes are wide open when we look at all these assets and they come on and we understand the full cost and we compare that with organic growth and we compare that to buying back shares. And so it's all in that same framework. We do like our asset base. Clearly, California is a tough place to operate and probably getting tougher. So that's really all I want to say about that part. But what I also want to say is, we're not -- again, we look at everything and we look at -- we continue to look at refineries as well.
Operator: The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Good morning. I'd like to follow up, Gary, with you on the summer grade gasoline? Like I know you said what's in the inventories isn't that much. But what are the incentives look like at this point? Or are we so close to the conversion in March that the seasonality of gasoline is already set up that way? I'm just trying to understand what -- how the market is going to thread the needle between heavy maintenance and the current conditions in the market?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our view, Roger, you look and there's about $0.10 a carry to the March/April screen. We would tell you the cost to produce with butane being cheap is closer to $0.20, so certainly, no economic incentive at all the store gasoline. A lot of what we think happened in terms of the inventory build is that, you had a lot of things happened in December, especially in the Gulf Coast. Colonial was allocated the economics to ship on Explorer into the Mid-Continent, that arb was closed due to the Mid-Continent being weak. You had some Jones Act freight off the market in dry dock that limited some movements there. And then a lot of volatility in the freight markets really impacted exports late. And so what you saw is Gulf Coast inventories draw and in our mind, the Gulf Coast basis got weak enough that although there wasn't carry on the screen to keep gasoline inventory, I think we saw a lot of refiners choosing to hold inventory just because the U.S. Gulf Coast basis was so weak and they choose to store barrels that they would go ahead and then consume during their own maintenance periods rather than going out and covering and saw better value to do that. So if that's the case, then you should see this inventory work off over the next couple of months.
Roger Read: Great. That's helpful. And then the other thing, obviously, in renewable diesel, dealing with some feedstock issues this quarter, but also there's a lot of new capacity coming in. Just curious how you look at or how you would ask us to think about margin potential in this business, sort of assuming either forward curve at this point or just where we are today in terms of market structure, if it holds, how we should think about the moving pieces here because it's -- it's a little more opaque to us, the feedstocks coming in and the timing of that relative to just matching in the market on a daily basis?
Eric Fisher: Yes. I would say the outlook for renewable diesel, it is difficult to predict exactly how it will play out because you do have additional capacity coming online and into fixed credit banks for both RINs and LCFS that would naturally say that those credit value should come down with additional capacity, which would narrow RD margins. That being said, we also see that feedstock prices continue to come down, both waste oil and veg oil. So then you get into the waste oils will always structurally have a lower CI advantage over veg oil. So where veg oils will be long, they still won't be competitive to waste oils into compliance markets. So it goes back to the core of the DGD business, which is a low-cost producer waste oils, access to markets besides California. And so, we still see that we'll be competitively advantaged, both from an OpEx and feedstock standpoint. But overall, the outlook, I would say, is we expect that credit prices will continue to narrow. And it's a question of how feedstock prices we'll keep up with that. And so -- and then the last thing, besides diversifying sales away from California is obviously with our project, we'll be diversifying into SAF, which takes some of our product out of this RD market. So we think both of those things make us still the most competitive and advantaged platform in R&D, even in a tightening market.
Roger Read: So is it fair to summarize that as there's probably a lot more clarity on, let's call it, the supply side of R&D this year and a lot less clarity on the feedstock side? In other words, where we should look for relative opportunity is probably on your feedstock rather than, say, the sales price of R&D?
Eric Fisher: Yes, I think that would be fair to say that most of that is still being a CI advantage in waste oils over vegetable oils.
Roger Read: Right, okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe a question on turnaround activity and your looks relatively heavy in the first quarter, is that indicative of what we should expect to be a higher level of overall maintenance for you in 2024, just front-end loaded? And then maybe any thoughts in terms of what you're seeing for overall industry maintenance activity this year. Is this -- should we expect this to be another relatively heavy year?
Greg Bram: Ryan, this is Greg. Normally, we don't talk about our overall turnaround plans. You can tell from the guidance, a fair amount of activity for us in the first quarter. I think when we get out through the rest of the year, we'll talk about those periods as we come up to the I think from an industry perspective, we are seeing a fair amount of turnaround activity across the industry in the first quarter. So in kind of to Gary's point, it looks like it's going to be a heavy season for the industry in general, a lot of it in the Gulf Coast to a lot of focus there. .
Gary Simmons: The only other thing we may add is although you can see the throughput guidance, we don't really expect it to impact our capture rates. That's right.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you. And then maybe just a follow-up question on capital spend and growth capital spend. I appreciate it, Homer, you gave a little bit of detail there in terms of some of the things that are competing for the wedge of growth capital within your budget. I mean most of your larger project-driven work is either finished recently or you've got the SAF project, which isn't really all that large. But as you look forward on the horizon, are there any other meaningful environmental or regulatory-driven capital things that we should be keeping our eyes on over the next couple of years that could draw some more capital that way? Or what types of things make -- or should we expect just more of these kind of small little netback-driven projects across the refining side over the next few years?
Lane Riggs: Hey Ryan, it's Lane. The way I would think about this is if you go back when we -- historically, we used to sort of spend, I would say, we said $1.5 billion sustainable capital. That would actually include regulatory capital. I mean that's how we frame it. It sort of maintain our assets to generate the earnings we're supposed to and try to work your sustain of your regulatory capital in that, albeit it would be lumpy. And so you're going to average around that number. So that's how we think about the regulatory side of it. I don't really foresee at least right now that we have a large regulatory spend. Clearly, that could always change. In terms of our strategic capital, historically, we were around $1 billion. As an organization, we felt like -- we feel like we can execute $1 billion pretty well. We have some experience over 10, 11 years ago where we spent more on strategic capital and then and it was sort of difficult to manage. And so we, as an organization, we decided that we're going to live within a sort of $1 billion on the upside of strategic capital. Since COVID, we've been at about $0.5 billion, and that's our guidance right now. And we feel like that's a pretty good number year-in and year-out that we're going to steward around that we'll that there'll be enough projects, whether they're in refining or transportation or our renewable platforms that all meet and work through our gated process to meet our return thresholds.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead,
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning. I just don't know whether this will be Lane or Gary. If we're looking at octane last year that was very strong. If this year that I think a lot of people expect because after last year, the global gasoline demand growth rate probably will slow down China is definitely slowing down. And I think U.S. may even go into a structural because if that will be the case, how you expect the octane lending is going to look like? And what -- how that impact or what kind of impact is on your financial result will be? That's the first question.
Gary Simmons: Okay. Yeah. So I would say a couple of things on octane. Certainly, the incremental crude barrel that's been coming on to the market has been a light sweet barrel, which has created more naphta yield coming on to the market. And with pet-chem demand being somewhat down, that incremental barrel of naphta that's being produced is trying to find its way into the gasoline pool. And so what that does is it really causes octanes and naphthas to trade at an inverse when naphtha gets long, naphtha gets weak and then octane starts to trade at a premium. So you can try to blend that naphtha barrel into the gasoline pool. I don't know that we see that being significantly different this year. The one thing I would tell that I've already mentioned, if there's a prolonged -- if there's a prolonged outage in Russia at the refinery that was hit by the drone attack and there's less naphtha out on the market. That could tell you that octanes tend to be a little bit weaker this year. But absent that, I don't see any fundamental differences in the naphtha where octane markets. Greg, I don't know if you have anything?
Greg Bram: I agree.
Paul Cheng: And Gary, are you guys net long or balanced on octane?
Gary Simmons: It varies. I would say we're fairly balanced on octane. We're long naphtha, so you can always soak up octane that way. But overall, in octane, I'd say fairly balanced.
Paul Cheng: All right. And Gary, Greg, that you guys have a marketing operation in Mexico and in the Caribbean. In Mexico. Any insight how does the local demand look like?
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our business there continues to grow very, very nicely. Year-over-year, our volumes were up 16% in Mexico. We now have 250 branded sites, which was the largest growing brand in Mexico. I think the big change for this year is in the second quarter of this year, we anticipate the terminal that we'll use in Northern Mexico and Altamira will start up, it will allow us to be more competitive in that region, which we would expect us to then be able to continue the growth that we've seen.
Paul Cheng: How about outside your operation, but that the market as a whole, do you see the gasoline market in Mexico is growing or that is maybe a little bit pullback?
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our view is Mexico basically recovered last year to pre-COVID levels. And our expectation is you'll see -- continue to see good growth in the gasoline market in Mexico.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Hey, team. Good morning. And thanks for my questions. So I wanted to start off going back to an earlier point, you mentioned some of the cold weather on the Gulf Coast in the past couple of weeks. Were there any material impacts to operations or crude and product price dislocations that we should be mindful of for the first quarter?
Gary Simmons: No. I would tell you, we had some small operational issues, boiler trips, heater trips, but nothing that's going to materially impact the quarter and we still feel like the throughput guidance that we've given holds.
Joe Laetsch: Great, thanks. And, then shifting to renewable diesel. So volumes averaged above nameplate capacity for the year, which is good to see. It seems like a consistent theme about performance there. Any reason why we shouldn't expect a similar level of outperformance in 2024, such as turnarounds or anything?
Eric Fisher: Yeah. I think we kept the guidance at the $1.2 billion. We've got a couple of catch changes this year. And obviously, when we convert to staff, there's -- there could be a change in capacity because we do have to run the unit a little harder in that mode. So we're not sure what capacity will look like to that until we get the project on the ground and start it up. So I think this time next year, we'll have an outlook of what our capacity guidance will be whether it's up or down.
Joe Laetsch : Got it. That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is on refining OpEx. And I think the market has been less focused on that metric in recent years, just given all of the strength in the margins but perhaps it becomes a bit more of a focus as margins may be normalized here to some extent. And looking at your system, I think historically, you were at $3.50 per barrel refining OpEx. This year, you were -- I think, around $450 million a barrel at a similar Henry Hub price to historical levels. So just wondering what has been driving that higher OpEx this year versus kind of the pre-COVID level and if you expect it to stay at this higher rate or to come back down?
Greg Bram: Hey, Jason, this is Greg. So one of the things that's probably most notable when you think over that period has been electricity prices that not so much natural gas, but on the power side, A lot of the places where we operate have seen power costs, particularly in the summer, be quite a bit higher than we'd seen historically. So that's a part of it. The other part that thinking back over that time frame would also be more recently, some cost inflation pressure, and we've talked about that a few times before. That seems to be easing. So that's something we're working on to rein back in with our suppliers and folks that we worked with.
Lane Riggs: Is there Jason, this is Lane. I will say still the lowest cost guide, and we work on this like you cannot imagine you should know that as an organization, we're committed to making sure that we are the best in class with expenses.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. No, we carefully said that is there any expectation to get back down below $4 or is this kind of $4.50 range we should think about moving forward? Yeah, I'm on cue.
Lane Riggs: We'll have a look at the numbers. I mean part of the other thing that really drives this in our throughput through even though we have what we would characterize as a variable and fixed cost, we run in through our expenses, most refining expenses are in large part six. So the more barrels we run, the better that metric work. And so you really got to -- the best time of the year to look at that and to really understand that as sort of third quarter, essentially. That's really when you're seeing the system. Normally, we have the signal to run the highest, both things are online and the cost structures are where they are. So it's the best time to get an understanding of where the base OpEx is for the system.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. My other question is on the refining growth CapEx, and you rattled off a bunch of what seems like quick-hit projects that clear your return hurdles is what -- is there a way you could kind of frame these projects together in terms of potential improvement to capture and kind of whatever stable margin environment, you would evaluate that on or any type of way you could frame the potential upside from these projects? Or is it alternatively just keeping capture maybe stable and enabling flexibility to keep capture stable? Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So the way I would think about this is we're going to try to do a little more delineation in our IR pack deck to try to maybe demonstrate the success of a lot of our projects in our gaining process. But we're still disciplined in that we don't want to have all this forward-looking conversation around projects, whether they're small or big or whatever. What we do is we -- we have demonstrated hopefully, to everyone that our process does generate returns and then we had that we've -- like I said earlier, we nominally lease today, I think we have $0.5 billion a year of spend that will generate the returns we think will make its way through the gated process.
Jason Gabelman: Understood. Thanks, Jas.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey thanks for the commentary on light-heavy earlier. I believe Valero runs about 200 a day of WCS at Houston in your Gulf Coast system. Is that correct? And is there any risk to that availability with TMX starting up soon?
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our Canadian volumes vary -- it depends on total heavies -- we're probably 600,000 barrels a day, Greg, right? 500,000 to 600,000 barrels a day, and we have the ability to optimize between Mexican supply, it's live for Venezuela and Canada. Our view of TMX is that you'll still have the Gulf Coast barrels coming from Western Canada. And what it will really do is decrease exports from the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we don't really think that our Gulf Coast system will be materially impacted by TMX.
Matthew Blair: Great, thank you. And then I had another question on capital returns. So, keeping in mind that the Q4 buybacks were quite strong, payout ratio of 73% clearly impressive. We just found intriguing that your cash balance actually showed a build year-over-year in 2023. And I would say you started the year with maybe $2 billion of excess cash, ended the year with maybe $3 billion of excess cash. So could you talk about why that happened? Were there any mechanical limits on buybacks or where you locked out of the market? And then of that $3 billion in excess cash that you have now, do you have any sort of internal targets on -- you look to pay down maybe $1 billion or $2 billion of that in 2024?
Homer Bhullar: Yeah. Hey Matthew, it's Homer. I mean I think, first of all, we're comfortable with where we are from a cash balance perspective. But we've discussed in the past, we like to stay above $4 billion. We had a very, very strong payout, right, particularly for the quarter, but then also for the year. In terms of paying down, like, for example, we look at debt right on the debt side, we proactively look at our portfolio. Through liability management lens. And so given the strength of our balance sheet, we don't really currently have any pressing need to pay down debt with a net debt-to-cap ratio of 18%. But it's an ongoing evaluation, and it's something that we look at.
Matthew Blair: And just to clarify, you said your minimum cash balance is now $4 billion.
Homer Bhullar: We like to stay above $4 billion.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. And so we changed that. I don't know, it's a couple of years. We're really coming out of COVID. Going into COVID, we'd taken the strategy trying to push it all the way down to two. And found going into COVID our experience was that was probably too low. So we've decided to bring on go ahead and look at our minimum closer to four. Good thing about being a four now versus two before we actually do earn a return on that cash before it was zero. So -- but that's really due to our experience as we went through COVID.
Matthew Blair: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. So that concludes our opening remarks. I'm sorry, that's -- if you guys have any follow-up questions, obviously, feel free to ping us being the IR team. Thanks again for joining us, and have a wonderful week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in Valero. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corp. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Chief Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Although attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the third quarter. In fact, we set a record for third quarter earnings per share. Finding margins were supported by strong product demand against the backdrop of low product inventories, which remained at 5-year lows despite high refinery utilization rates globally. The strength in demand was evident in our U.S. wholesale system, which matched the second quarter record of over 1 million barrels per day of sales volume. Our refineries operated well and achieved 95% throughput capacity utilization in the third quarter, which is a testament to our team's continued focus on operational excellence. We continue to prioritize strategic projects that enhance the earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage. The DGD Sustainable Aviation Fuel, or SaaS project at Port Arthur remains on schedule and is expected to be complete in 2025. Once complete, we expect the Arthur plant [ph] to have the optionality to upgrade up to 50% of its current of 470 million-gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity at SaaS. The project is estimated to cost $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, Diamond Green Diesel is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SaaS in the world. On the financial side, we honored our commitment to shareholder returns with a payout ratio of 68% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities through dividends and share repurchases in the third quarter and we ended the third quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 17%. In closing, while there are broader factors that may drive volatility markets, we remain focused on things we can control. This includes operating our assets efficiently in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner, maintaining capital discipline by adhering to a minimum return threshold for growth projects and honoring our commitment to shareholder returns. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the third quarter of 2023, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.6 billion or $7.49 per share compared to $2.8 billion or $7.19 per share for the third quarter of 2022. Adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.8 billion or $7.14 per share for the third quarter of 2022. The refining segment reported $3.4 billion of operating income for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $3.8 billion for the third quarter of 2022. Refining throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2023 averaged 3 million barrels per day, implying a throughput capacity utilization of 95%. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.91 per barrel in the third quarter of 2023, higher than guidance of $4.70 per barrel primarily attributed to higher-than-expected energy prices. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $123 million for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $212 million for the third quarter of 2022. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 3 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2023, which was 761,000 gallons per day higher than the third quarter of 2022. The higher sales volumes in the third quarter of 2023 were due to the impact of additional volumes from the DGD Port Arthur plant, which started up in the fourth quarter of 2022. Operating income was lower than the third quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower renewable diesel margin in the third quarter of 2023. The ethanol segment reported $197 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $1 million for the third quarter of 2022. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.3 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2023, which was 831,000 gallons per day higher than the third quarter of 2022. Operating income was higher than the third quarter of 2022, primarily as a result of higher production volumes and lower corn prices in the third quarter of 2023. For the third quarter of 2023, G&A expenses were $250 million and net interest expense was $149 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $682 million and income tax expense was $813 million for the third quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate was 23%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $3.3 billion in the third quarter of 2023. Included in this amount was a $33 million favorable change in working capital and $82 million of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities associated with the other joint venture member share of DGD. Excluding these items, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $3.2 billion in the third quarter of 2023. Regarding investing activities, we made $394 million of capital investments in the third quarter of 2023 of which $303 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $91 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members share of DGD capital investments attributable to Valero were $352 million in the third quarter of 2023. Moving to financing activities. We returned $2.2 billion to our stockholders in the third quarter of 2023 of which $360 million was paid as dividends and $1.8 billion was for the purchase of approximately 13 million shares of common stock resulting in a payout ratio of 68% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. This results in a year-to-date payout ratio of 58% as of September 30, 2023. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $9.2 billion of total debt, $2.3 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 17% as of September 30, 2023 and we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Separately, as reported by Navigator last week, they cancelled their CO2 pipeline project. We still see carbon capture and storage as a strategic opportunity to reduce the carbon intensity of conventional ethanol, which would also qualify it as a feedstock for sustainable aviation fuel. Without carbon capture and storage, conventional ethanol does not have a pathway into staff under today's policies. We continue to evaluate other projects to sequester CO2. Turning to guidance. We still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2023 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About $1.5 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth. For modelling our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.77 million to 1.82 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 445,000 to 465,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 470,000 to 490,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $4.60 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2023. Operating expenses in 2023 should be $0.49 per gallon, which includes $0.19 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.4 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense should be about $145 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $690 million. For 2023, we expect G&A expenses to be approximately $925 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to 2 questions. If you have more than 2 questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Today's first question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays.
Theresa Chen: I'd first like to ask about your outlook for near-term refining margins and specifically on the gasoline side. We've seen that significant volatility recently, especially early in October. What do you think explains the recent downside? And how does compare with demand across your footprint? Maybe going back to Lane's earlier comments on your wholesale system? And just generally, how do you think gasoline margins trend going forward?
Gary Simmons: It's Gary. Yes, I think you had several factors that contributed to the sharp sell-out on gasoline. You kind of had the market view that hurricane season was over, you were approaching RVP transition. And then the DOE put out some fairly pessimistic demand numbers. And so all that kind of hit at once and caused a fairly significant sell-off in gasoline. In terms of the outlook going forward, we'd expect gasoline to kind of follow typical seasonal patterns, weaker cracks, kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter. The thing we're really looking at, as you know, the fundamental that looks good to us is the market structure still doesn't really support storing summer-grade gasoline, putting gasoline in New York Harbor for driving season next year. So as long as that's the case, our view would be that when you get to driving season next year, demand picks back up, you'll see cracks respond.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And on the crude oil side, in terms of light heavy differentials, given the heightened geopolitical risks in the Middle East and coupled with the incremental Venezuelan production following the recent sanctions relief and taking also into account the potential near-term start-up of just focus [ph]. How do you think about the impact of all these variables on light heavy differentials? And how this evolving from here?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So really, the key driver on the light-heavy differentials continues to be the 4.5 million barrels a day that OPEC Plus has off the market. So we saw fairly tight differentials in the third quarter. They have moved wider despite the geopolitical issues that you've discussed. Some of that is just typical seasonal patterns. You've had less high sulfur fuel burn for power generation in the Middle East. So high sulfur fuel discounts widen some. We've seen some turnaround activity, especially in PADD 2 that pushed some heavy seller back on the market as differentials to widen out. Freight markets actually have a fairly significant impact on those differentials as well. So freight moving higher is causing the differentials to move. But we kind of see until the OPEC+ comes back on the market that you'll have narrower heavy sour differentials and they'll follow typical seasonal patterns.
Operator: The next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: This might be one question but in 2 parts, which I know you guys love. So it goes back to the gasoline comment, and it just seems like the market might be more seasonal than it had been in the past just because of the way consumers kind of travel and work. And then -- but at the same time, your system has gotten a little more diesel-oriented with the Port Arthur coker and Valero has a history of really strong sort of capture results and execution results in the fourth quarter when there's typically a lot of volatility and dislocations around all these markets. So the question is do you think that this kind of enhanced seasonality in gasoline is something we should get used to in future years? And in terms of your configuration and position within that, is it arguably better than it was sort of before you brought on some recent projects?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So on the first part of the question in terms of even more seasonality around gasoline, I can't say that we're really seeing that. We did see sales throughout our whole system fall off a little bit after Labor Day but they've actually recovered quite nicely, and we're back into that 1 million barrels a day of sales. Gasoline sales year-over-year are up 2% in the current market from where they were last year at this time. Diesel sales are up a little stronger at 8% so I don't think it really is a seasonability factor that's impacting gasoline at least in the domestic markets.
Lane Riggs: So to the second part, Sam. It's -- we really had a view since I want to say the 20 -- early '20 teens where we saw the diesel would be sort of the fuel of the future. If is the economic driver. So not only did we do the coker that you alluded to here recently. We also built a 2 big hydro cracker. We revamped the 2 big hydrocrackers, this is all in an effort to make our system more robust and its ability to move around and specifically be able to move towards making more and more distillate out of our assets.
Operator: The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: A couple of questions, if I may. I guess the first one is, I guess, about the Port Arthur Coker and more generally, what you're seeing going on and got the Gulf Coast as it relates to heavy or advantaged seller crude spreads? And I guess my point is, does Bocas, obviously, Loomis large [ph] in the horizon, but Maya seems to have behaved very differently from your indicator from WCS. And I realize that's largely your benchmark. So I'm just curious, are we seeing the capture rate from the coker that you anticipated? And what's your prognosis, I guess, for those advantaged crude spreads that are obviously a big factor in that project?
Lane Riggs: I'm going to hand this off to Gary and Greg, I think, Gary, you might answer the heavy sour part and then Greg wanted to answer this capture rate on the coker.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we've seen heavy sour discounts widen back out. In Canada, they're back on apportionment on the pipeline. It looks like forecast for fairly robust production in Canada. You're seeing is welling back on the market. And then our view is, even when this focus does start up, it may take some eye off the market probably increases fuel yield from Mexico. And so that coker, we can use that as a feedstock as well. And I'll let Greg address the capture question.
Greg Bram: Yes. And Doug, what I'd say about the cokers, it operated very well for the quarter, certainly consistent with our expectations. And so the project is generating good strong economic value, both by lowering feedstock, some of the things Gary is talking about and also enabling us to increase throughput.
Doug Leggate: Sorry, guys, on gas broadcast, is that impacting spreads on the Gulf Coast materially?
Gary Simmons: I don't think there's any impact today.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is a quick one maybe is for Jason. But another $1.8 billion of buybacks. You've now bought back, I think, about 15% of your shares in the last 1.5 years. You still got plenty of cash on the balance sheet, and we know this sector is notoriously seasonal. I'm just curious how we should think about your deployment or strategy of -- into seasonal periods when you get -- perhaps get more opportunistic?
Jason Fraser: Yes. Thanks, Doug. Yes, it's okay. I'll talk about our approach to buybacks is driven by our thoughts around cash, the dividend debt. So I'll walk you through that and how we're looking about -- thinking about the rest of the year and then we can see -- more you won't be on that. So on cash, as you said, we ended the quarter at $5.8 billion. We've indicated mid target of $4 million [ph]. So we're very comfortable with us being in that current range now. On the debt side, we always practically look at our portfolio through a liability management lens on an ongoing basis, but we certainly don't have any needs to pay down any debt at this time. Net debt to cap as of September 30 was 17%. So it's a bit under our target range. So we're in good shape there. And on the dividend, we maintain a dividend is competitive, growing and sustainable through the cycle. And we feel like we're in a reasonable range now. I wouldn't want to get into more specific on timing or potential dividend increases at this time. And then that brings us to buyback and you know our post to buybacks is to have the annual target of 40% to 50% of adjusted net cash from operations, and we view the buyback as a flywheel supplementing our dividend to hit whatever our target is for the year. In the third quarter, we had a 68% payout year-to-date through the third quarter, we're at 58%. So I would say, under these conditions, even given the softer seasonality in the fourth quarter, you should definitely expect us to pay out over 50% for the year. And as you may recall, the pandemic, that was a fairly regular practice of 5 years before the pandemic, I think we averaged like a 57% payout. So in these periods where we have greatly above-average free cash generation, that will probably continue to be our practice.
Doug Leggate: Clarification, Lane, if you don't mind, the fact you're already above 50%, the high end of your payout, does that preclude stepping into additional buybacks for the balance of this year?
Jason Fraser: No, no, it does. We look at it on an annual basis, and I would think we'll be over 50% for the year. So it definitely does...
Operator: The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe could you talk through a little bit about what you're seeing in renewable diesel markets. 2Q margins were obviously quite soft indicators been weak. Can you talk -- was there any impact from hedging losses in the quarter and maybe could you help us if there were kind of a rough estimate of maybe what that was? And then can you just more broadly talk about what you're seeing in terms of supply demand in the marketplace impact of RIN pricing and RVO limitations, et cetera?
Eric Fisher: Sure, Ryan, this is Eric. I think we saw the RIN prices drop pretty quickly kind of in that September and into October. And really, as you stare at that drop, it was kind of on the news that there was the anticipation of a couple of big start-ups at the end of the year that have now been delayed. It was also in the news that there was going to be with Russia freezing out its exports that it would force the U.S. to export more, therefore, drop the obligation. So the combination of all that news kind of caused a precipitous drop in the RINs kind of right at the end of the quarter and into the beginning of the fourth quarter. The real margin loss there is really because as fat prices have since adjusted in the spa [ph] market but obviously, there's a lag of our fat prices that kind of carried on that have since started to catch up with this drop in credit prices. But we'll see that continue to carry through, through the fourth quarter. But overall, I think that's really what we're seeing. The spot margin is cleaned back up. Fat prices continue to come off. You really see all of that being kind of a return to profitability here in the fourth quarter. So that's really what we see going on in the RD market.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And then maybe switching on the refining side, as we think about PADD 5, it was really quite strong through third quarter on a relative basis across the country and into the early part of the fourth quarter. Can you talk maybe about what you're seeing overall in terms of kind of supply/demand in PADD 5 across your operations there? There's a lot of moving pieces with some refineries that are -- that have transitioned off the market from conversions right now. So how do you -- as you look forward on the next -- do you expect that market to stay relatively tight for the foreseeable future? And how do you think about it relative to your operations there?
Gary Simmons: Ryan, this is Gary. I think our view of PADD 5 is that with the renewable diesel coming into the market, the market should be well supplied on the distillate side but it's going to be very tight on gasoline. You just don't have the gasoline production that you used to have with the refinery conversions. And so when one refinery goes down, it's going to create a lot of shortness in the market.
Operator: The next question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS.
Manav Gupta: Guys, you are known for your capital discipline and you look at a lot of projects and in the end, very few actually make it through the funnel. We are somewhere in October. You guys haven't talked about a major project yet. And I'm just wondering if 2024 would then be more of a quick hit projects. I mean, coker has already come online. So when I look at 2024, should we think for the year where you could be doing more quick hit projects versus a mega project, which generally can go on for 3 to 4 years?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. So the way I would -- I agree with you, and that's -- we still believe we can -- we'll spend somewhere between $0.5 billion to $1 billion a year of strategic capital. But when you look at sort of what's the nature of those, certainly on the refining side, they are going to be shorter cash cycle types of projects instead of a big like a coker type project there'll be a series of small projects. And then when you further drill down and what do we look for? We look for refining projects to lower our cost to produce. We also like projects and improve our reliability and then, of course, we like to hold renewable line in terms of its ability for us to drop the carbon intensity of our fuels. And as you also said, we're very careful about our communication on projects. We'd like to be a little closer to FID or at FID before we really talk about them.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. Just a quick follow-up. We have seen some sanction relief on the Venezuelan side. You were buying from Chevron even before that and Chevron had been giving the indications that they could ramp up over there. So can you help us understand like what kind of volume -- incremental volumes could come to the market from the Venezuelan side in probably next 2 or 3 years?
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So if you look, there's about 250,000 barrels a day of exports in Venezuela, most of that volume is going to the Far East. But with the lifting of sanctions, it has the potential to make its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Operator: The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan.
John Royall: So we've talked about coastal light heavy dips and how they've tightened up pretty significantly. Can you remind us how much flexibility you have in your system to run lights versus heavies versus mediums?
Greg Bram: John, this is Greg. So we can flex quite a bit. What you'll tend to see us do is when the medium grades look attractive, we'll ramp that up and kind of back down to both the lights and the heavies conversely, when heavy sours get more attractive relative to the medium grades will ramp up the heavies. I don't remember the exact percentages. We can get those to you. I think they might actually be in our -- in IR deck yet. Page 30 there. But that tends to be what drives us to kind of swing between those different grades.
John Royall: Great. And then maybe you can talk about the beat and utilizations in 3Q. You didn't call out anything in particular, but you're above the high end and I think every region, but one. It seems like the system ran quite well. Are there any moving pieces to call out maybe maintenance getting pushed out or anything of that sort or is it just better-than-expected operations?
Lane Riggs: I would say we didn't -- the third quarter is always going to be a period where you don't have a lot of turn on activity. I mean some of it might leak over from the second or you might start a little bit going into the fourth. But system industry-wide, we're not unique in that sense. Most of your turnaround work is either done in the first and second or the fourth quarter. And so it should be a high utilization. And obviously, we've emphasized reliability got for the last, I don't know, more than a decade, we have the programs that we have. So you would expect us when we're not having turnarounds to have a pretty high level of utilization of our assets.
Operator: The next question is coming from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley.
Joe Laetsch: So, I wanted to start on the diesel side. So you talked about gasoline cracks, but we hit so much [ph] which just remains really strong here. So I was just curious what your thoughts on the setup for diesel here into the winter. We have low inventories in both the U.S. and Europe and last year, we kind of had a similar level of tightness and were bailed out by a warmer winter. So just curious on your thoughts on the setup for diesel margins.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So diesel demand remains very strong. I guess I mentioned diesel sales in our system are up about 8% year-over-year. Our view of the broader markets is that diesel demand in the U.S. is probably down about 1% year-to-date from where it was last year, and that's mainly due to the warmer winter we had last year. Our guys' estimate, we lost about 125,000 barrels a day of diesel demand due to the warmer weather. So inventories remain below the 5-year average level, demand remains good. So you're heading into winter with low inventories, and we would expect strong diesel cracks through the winter and could get very strong if we have a colder winter.
Joe Laetsch: And then shifting gears a little bit. So you've talked a little bit about RD margins being pressured here. So I was just hoping you could touch on some of the regional dynamics that you're seeing and economics of selling into other states in the Coast or potentially Canada to offset in the lower LCFS prices that we've seen in California?
Lane Riggs: Yes, we absolutely see. California has become kind of the ore of the RD market. We see more opportunity in Oregon, Washington and Canada as kind of the growth opportunities. And so we absolutely look to maximize our product sales into those markets. California continues to talk about the obligation for 2030. They sort of pushed off a lot of their -- they're still doing a lot of their conferences and workshops on that. We still fully expect that at some point, they are going to announce the changes to be effective sometime next year, and that will increase the LCFS price in California. So -- but in the meantime, we continue to look at -- again, you kind of mentioned that. We still have the advantages being on the Gulf Coast. Do you have access to all of the global feedstocks. You have access to all the global markets so it gives us a lot of capability to go to different markets. And we continue to see waste oils advantaged versus vegetable oils from a CI standpoint. So you look at that low-cost producer on the Gulf Coast, that just continues to be kind of the winning formula for being able to have flexibility to go to different markets in the RD space [ph].
Operator: The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Lane, first question is for you is just -- it's been a couple of months since you stepped to the job as CEO. Just would love your perspective on early observations, recognizing the strategy has been very consistent and steady for a long time, and you've been a big part of it. But early observations as the new leader of the organization and key strategic priorities that we haven't really talked about here on the call thus far.
Lane Riggs: It’s been a couple of years, Neil. I'm just -- but it's been great. You always got to remember, I was an integral part of really Joe's team really from the beginning of his [indiscernible] you've mentioned, it's been a very successful one. So are there things that I'm trying to do maybe a little bit differently, I'd say I put my thumb on the scale for issues maybe a little bit and maybe unweighted others. But largely speaking, our strategy is the same because it was successful and it's currently successful. I don't know that I have any real plans to deviate from that. Obviously, the world can change and we respond accordingly. But the world looks at least -- this business looks a whole life like it did a year ago. So our outlook is pretty much unchanged.
Neil Mehta: Now that's -- we definitely see the consistency. The second question is -- it's a very -- it's a smaller part of your business, but it's always -- you can create volatility in earnings is ethanol. Just you're curious on your outlook for that business and -- what -- how far away are we from mid-cycle as you think about it?
Lane Riggs: Yes. The ethanol obviously has had a good year this year with lower corn prices and low natural gas prices. So the ethanol margins have been, I would say, higher than what we would call a mid-cycle but it's not really exceptionally higher than mid-cycle. It's actually been fairly strong. But I would say, looking back historically, ethanol is always kind of a steady drumbeat business. We do see that the biggest opportunity here is still this low-carbon opportunity and some of the growth in other markets in the world. Again, we are 30% of the export capability of ethanol for the U.S. And so we see this interest in the world, lowering its carbon footprint by increasing its ethanol blending. So Canada, has become an E10 country almost overnight. There's talk about that going to E15 next year. We're seeing other countries that are starting to look at incremental ethanol blending. And then there's a lot of interest in ethanol as a feedstock into chemicals and solvents and paints. And so I think we still see a lot of good opportunities for ethanol globally that I think will keep us in a very strong margin environment. And then obviously, I mean, so much of that depends on weather, ultimately. I mean, obviously, no one can control that. But the U.S. is a big ag country. We have a lot of capability to grow a lot of corn. And so as long as that holds up, then I think ethanol has got a good outlook.
Operator: The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two, hopefully, the quick question. First, maybe either is for Lane or Gary. Look like at branding economic why now is really good. With the wind -- if we're looking at your system, what is the incremental percentage of the gasoline supply will increase as a result of those branding for you versus less quarter third quarter the level over the fourth quarter last year, whatever is the comparison you want to use? And secondly, that I want to see what is -- if you can you give us any color that how's the turnaround cycle look like for you next year and whether that compared to this year, going to be about the same, lighter, heavier also? And also that whether you think the industry is going to have a normal cycle next year after the catch up this year or that the catch-up is going to continue into next year?
Gary Simmons: So if I understand correctly, the first was how much really does the gasoline pool well as you go to higher RVP gasoline. Is that what you were asking, Paul?
Paul Cheng: Yes. I mean that every year that when we go to the wind grade, obviously, you see more branding, but that with the economics of light is actually very active for the branding. And I assume that given the winter grade, it will also allow you to have more flexibility than your brand the strict late into the system and it looks like it's very economic also.
Greg Bram: Yes, Paul, this is Greg. So you're right. You definitely increase the amount of primarily butane that you blend into the gasoline. It ranges depending on which region ring and the change in specs, it's in the 5% to 10% range. And then you're right that to the extent that butane has a higher octane than the pool, it does allow you to put more of the lower octane component into the blend [indiscernible] one of those right now that looks pretty attractive.
Paul Cheng: Sorry. Please go ahead.
Lane Riggs: No, I was just going to answer you -- I think it was your same question around turnarounds. We sort of have a policy for a while that we don't give any real outlook on our turnaround or the industry turnaround behavior. So.
Paul Cheng: And if I can just go back into the earlier question about -- great answer. Any kind of, say, because that when it is more economic, it tends to brand more, but on the other hand, gasoline is not great right now. So I'm trying to understand that how the 2 years going to be impacting in your thinking or your accident here.
Lane Riggs: I think -- if I understand, Paul, back to winter blending. Obviously, [indiscernible], butane is relatively cheap. And we always look at economic signals to try to determine how much gasoline are produced and that compares to sort of the reformulated grade, they might require less butane. And then there are specs that you hit, I mean you would think you would get near 10% in butane in full, but a lot of times we hit other specifications and the finished gasoline besides RVP. And so I mean, it's a fair.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of TD Cowen.
Jason Gabelman: I wanted to first go back to uses of cash or returns of cash, I should say. And I know Valero has a 40% to 50% payout ratio. It seems like you're returning a majority of the excess cash post dividends via buyback, maybe 2/3 of that excess cash. Is that kind of how we should think about return of cash moving forward essentially all of the excess cash or the majority of it beyond what you pay out in the dividend is going to be going towards the buyback for the foreseeable future. And I think some color around that could help the market bring some of that potential future buyback value forward? And I have a follow-up.
Lane Riggs: Jason, this is Lane. Look -- directionally correct, but we still have to -- some of our cash obviously goes to sustaining our asset. So that's something that we're committed to. So we want to make sure that we're, a, that we are -- we had the earnings potential, our assets stay in a posture that we can always generate the right earnings with the market conditions and second, we maintain the dividend. And then we do believe we still have this sort of $0.5 billion to $1 billion of strategic capital in all that's done, all the excess cash will go to buybacks.
Jason Gabelman: All right, great. And my second one is kind of on the strategic growth outlook. We've seen some of your larger peers use equity to buy up comped recently? And if I think about some of the potential areas you could expand into like chems, like low carbon fuels, those valuations have come down relative to where Valero trades. I don't know Valero doesn't typically use the equity to acquire other companies. But given what's going on with Navigator Pipeline and looking at your potential future growth opportunities, are you taking a closer look at strategic M&A and using equity given your stock and refiners in general have held up pretty well relative to other potential step-out opportunities?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again. I would say that we look at all these opportunities and all the business lines that I alluded earlier. And we have an entire group, our innovation group that's constantly looking at how can we bolt on and leverage our existing footprint, which, obviously, we have a big footprint in ethanol, we have a pretty big footprint renewable diesel. And we're also looking at everything else. Everything is on the table. We're always looking at it, but we are also very careful in terms of how we talk about it and how we're going to announce things. In terms of how we finance it, it's just a matter of when we -- as the world evolves, we'll come up with the best way that we think to finance something. But obviously, all these things have to go through sort of our investment gated process.
Operator: The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Maybe to follow up on Mr. Gabelman's question there. If we think about acquisitions, latest news says CITGO is potentially going to be on the [indiscernible] beginning of next year. So just curious how you think about greater footprint within refining as any kind of a possibility.
Lane Riggs: So Roger, this is Lane. So as you know our history, we were a big consolidator in the industry going back to 2000. That to really our last major acquisition was sort of circa 2013. That's when our base became somewhat like it looks today. So we understand probably as well as any operator out there would it take to buy something or to merge something and get it on our system and all the costs associated with it. And we always get everything that we think within reason. I mean we always analyze everything and -- we haven't bought anything like I said, since 2013 on any refining assets. You never say never. We look at everything, and we'll again, like I alluded to on Jason's question, we'll run it through our processes and figure out where there anything that makes sense for us or not.
Roger Read: Yes. I'd imagine the data.
Lane Riggs: Clear on that, Roger. They got to compete with everything else, including buyback, right? So.
Roger Read: Right, right. No. I mean the data room is going to have to be interesting at a minimum. Second question I have, it's unrelated, but kind of a follow-up on some of the things going on the renewable fuel side. We've seen a lot of downward moves or we saw a strong downward move, I should say, in the D4, D6 RINs kind of latter part of Q3 and the early part of Q4. It looks like the market is more or less sort of adjusting to that on some of the feedstock and other issues. But I was just curious if you all have any read-throughs on what cause that decline and whether or not this decline sort of reflects current situation? Or is there more downside risk to RINs given the mandate versus production numbers and obviously an increasing volume of renewable diesel coming in '24 from the industry?
Lane Riggs: Yes. I think as I mentioned before, there's this kind of constant talk about oncoming production, increased rates, Arthurs [ph] projects that has always said at some point the D4 is going to be under pressure especially since the EPA did not raise the D4 obligation in their last set rule. So I think though, is -- and then we combine that with there is this kind of a rush, I think, look like to me kind of a rush to sell RINs in the third quarter with that narrative, combined with that Russian announcement that they were going to ban exports, which kind of quickly evaporated. So there's, I think, a kind of a more of a temporary view that the D4 [ph] was going to drop even more. And like you've observed, it's kind of recovered and fat prices have also since adjusted. We could see that biodiesel and veg oil RD is negative now. That's one of the things we've always said is that the lower CI waste oil play was always going to be more advantageous. So even at these lower credit values, we're still the advantage platform. So as you go into 2024, obviously, obligations already set. It's hard to tell exactly where that's going to go. There's no doubt that R&D will continue to grow. We do see that for us, you're going to see R&D continue to grow, as we talked before, Canada is a big outlet, which takes a lot of this RIN exposure away and then you also obviously have the SAP project come on, where we'll diversify into a different market. And so -- and then and if for some reason, SAP doesn't work, that product also meets Arctic diesel grades that again, go to Nordic countries and Canada. So there's no doubt that there's going to be a continued pressure on the RINs for both the D4 and D6 but our strategy has always been -- there's other markets that you can minimize the impact of that. And then with our platform, we're still the most advantaged from a cost and CI standpoint.
Roger Read: I appreciate that coastal advantage as always.
Operator: Our last question for today is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Blair: Circling back to the R&D margins in Q3, are you able to quantify the impact from DGD to fire on the reported $0.65 gallon EBITDA margin?
Lane Riggs: No, we usually don't give that kind of detail. I would say it wasn't large, just [indiscernible] at that.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then on the refining side, could you talk about your product exports in Q3 and so far into Q4? And do you expect any negative impact from this announcement from Mexico a couple of days that you're looking to restrict refined product imports into the country?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I'll take the first part of it and then let Rich Walsh handle the second part. Yes, our exports, if you look at the exports in the third quarter, we did 389,000 barrels a day, 281 a distillate, 108 of gasoline. Based on second quarter, the volumes are up based on historic numbers, they trended up as well to our typical export locations. Most of the line went to Latin America, about 70% of the diesel in Latin America and about 30% to Europe. And those are remaining at those levels as we move into the fourth quarter.
Richard Walsh: This is Rich. I'll just answer the second half of it. On this decree an issue, it's actually rightly aimed at import smuggling that's going on. So you have individuals that are trying to bring product gasoline diesel into Mexico, but describing it as something that has a lower tariff like a tariff, something like that and importing it in. And that's resulting in them getting a lower tariff. So this decree is really focused in on that. For Valero, we're properly importing all of our gasoline and products, and we're paying the full and proper tariff for it. So -- and then also all of our fuel comes out of our own system, and it's all high-quality meet suspect [ph]. So we have a lot of interaction with the Mexican authorities. They're aware of the legitimacy of our operation. And so we don't expect this initiative to be an issue for us.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. I appreciate everyone joining us today. And as always, if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact the IR team on the call. Thanks again, and everyone have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corp. Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss quarterly results, I want to thank Joe Gorder for everything he's done to build upon Valero's 43-year history. Joe steered a repositioning of our strategy and the commitment to shareholder returns through capital discipline, innovation and strong execution. I'm grateful for his leadership and proud of what Valero has accomplished, and I'm honored to build on that foundation as we continue to advance our position as a leading manufacturer of liquid transportation fuels. Moving on to quarterly results. We are pleased to report solid financial results in the second quarter, underpinned by our strong execution across all of our business segments. Our refineries ran well with throughput capacity utilization of 94% as refinery margins were supported by continued tight product supply and demand balances. Product demand was strong with our US wholesale system setting a sales record of over one million barrels per day in May and June. We also had a positive contribution from the Port Arthur Coker project, which was started up in early April and is operating well and at full capacity. The new coker has increased the refinery's throughput capacity and enhance its ability to process incremental volumes of heavy crude and residual feedstocks. Our Renewable Diesel segment set records for operating income and sales volumes in the second quarter, driven by incremental production volumes from Diamond Green Diesel, Port Arthur. The Diamond Green Diesel sustainable aviation fuel project at Port Arthur is progressing on schedule. Plan is expected to have the ability to upgrade 50% of the current 470 million gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity through Sustainable Aviation Fuel or SAF, is expected to be complete in 2025 and have estimated a cost of $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. These projects expand our long-term competitive advantage, and I want to commend our projects and operations team for their dedication and execution. We also continue to evaluate other opportunities while maintaining capital discipline and honoring our commitment that all projects meet a minimum return threshold. On the financial side, we returned 53% of the adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the second quarter. And we ended the second quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 18%. Looking ahead, we expect low global light product inventories and tight product supply-and-demand balances to continue to support refining fundamentals. Global demand for transportation fuels has recovered substantially with gasoline and diesel demand now comparable to pre-pandemic levels and jet fuel demand continues to increase steadily. In closing, we remain committed to the core strategy that has been in place under Joe's leadership for nearly a decade. Our focus on operational excellence, capital discipline and honoring our commitment to shareholder returns have served us well and will continue to anchor our strategy going forward. So Homer, with that, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Lane. For the second quarter of 2023, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.9 billion or $5.40 per share compared to $4.7 billion or $11.57 per share for the second quarter of 2022. Second quarter 2022 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $4.6 billion or $11.36 per share. . The Refining segment reported $2.4 billion of operating income for the second quarter of 2023 compared to $6.2 billion for the second quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating income was $6.1 billion for the second quarter of 2022. Refining throughput volumes in the second quarter of 2023 averaged 3 million barrels per day, implying a throughput capacity utilization of 94%. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.46 per barrel in the second quarter of 2023, lower than guidance of $4.60, primarily attributed to lower-than-expected natural gas prices. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $440 million for the second quarter of 2023 compared to $15 2 million for the second quarter of 2022. Renewable Diesel sales volumes averaged 4.4 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2023, which was 2.2 million gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2022. The higher sales volumes in the second quarter of 2023 were due to the impact of additional volumes from the start-up of the DGD Port Arthur plant in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Ethanol segment reported $127 million of operating income for the second quarter of 2023 compared to $101 million for the second quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter of 2022 was $79 million. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.4 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2023 which was 582,000 gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2022. For the second quarter of 2023, G&A expenses were $209 million and net interest expense was $148 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $669 million and income tax expense was $595 million for the second quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate was 22%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.5 billion in the second quarter of 2023. Excluding the unfavorable change in working capital of $1.2 billion in the second quarter, and the other joint venture member share of DGD's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in its working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 billion. Regarding investing activities, we made $458 million of capital investments in the second quarter of 2023, of which $382 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance; and $76 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members share of DGD, capital investments attributable to Valero were $433 million in the second quarter of 2023. Moving to financing activities. We returned over $1.3 billion to our stockholders in the second quarter of 2023, of which $367 million was paid as dividends and $951 million was for the purchase of approximately 8.4 million shares of common stock resulting in a payout ratio of 53% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. Last week, we announced a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.02 per share payable on September 5, 2023, to holders of record at the close of business on August 3, 2023. With respect to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $9 billion of total debt, $2.3 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 18% as of June 30, 2023. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2023 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About $1.5 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect Refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.77 million to 1.82 million barrels per day; Mid Continent at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 240,000 to 260,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 435,000 to 455,000 barrels per day. We expect Refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4.70 per barrel. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2023. Operating expenses in 2023 should be $0.49 per gallon, which includes $0.19 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.4 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the third quarter, net interest expense should be about $145 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $690 million. For 2023, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $925 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Manav Gupta of UBS.
Manav Gupta: Guys, I just want to quickly start with and congratulate Gary for the promotion and the new rule and all our best wishes are with you. The first question I have for you is that when we look at DGD, you guys have a track record of bringing projects online before time. So is there a possibility a year down the line, you could take a look at it and say, we would like to have similar upgrades possible at DGD 1 and 2 to make more sustainable aviation fuel on a go-forward basis?
Eric Fisher: Yes. Manav, this is Eric. Obviously, that is a possibility because those are cookie-cutter units, and we could do the exact same project at St. Charles that we are currently underway at Port Arthur. It's too early to talk about any numbers or commitment, but yes, that's definitely something we're looking at and something that we could do.
Manav Gupta: Good. The second question here is the DOE data is telling us whatever it is, and there are obviously some concerns around demand out there, but the cracks are telling us a completely different story. The cracks are telling us the demand for products is remarkably strong. So just wondered if you could highlight some of the -- what you're seeing in terms of demand in various regions?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Manav, this is Gary. We do believe that the DOE is understating gasoline demand. But even their data is showing on a 4-week average basis gasoline demand up about 3%. But if you look at our numbers, of course, Lane mentioned we had record volumes in both May and June of over 1 million barrels a day. We're seeing gasoline sales in our system up 14% year-over-year, up 22% from pre-pandemic levels. Gasoline inventory year-over-year is down 7.5 million barrels. So it's trending at the low end of the 5-year average range. Typically, this time of year, you have an open arb to ship barrels from Europe into the United States. But with inventory low in Europe, that arb is closed, which is hindering imports, and we see strong export demand from the U.S. Gulf Coast into South America. So the fundamentals around gasoline look very good. Diesel inventory is up 6 million barrels, but continues to trend below the 5-year average range. Diesel inventory is flat, where historically, this time of year, we start to see diesel building. Again, while the DOE reflects weaker diesel demand year-over-year, it looks like the weekly data is continually being revised up. So although we certainly that we had a weaker heating oil season, diesel demand looks fairly similar to last year. So we moved forward a lot of encouraging signs around diesel where we saw weaker tonnage index in the second quarter, the June data reflects that the tonnage index is picking back up. We'll start to see more agricultural demand as we get into harvest season and more heating oil demand as we get into colder weather. Continue to see very good export demand from the US Gulf Coast into South America. Some of that has fallen off as we've replaced some supply with Russian barrels, but largely been replaced with more export demand from the US Gulf Coast into Europe. Jet demand also picking up, and had a positive impact on overall distillate supply-demand balances, so the distillate demand looks up 10% year-over-year. It looks pretty strong. All the airlines are reporting very strong demand. Jet trading at a $0.10 per gallon premium in the US Gulf Coast on a rent-adjusted basis today. So, yes, the fundamentals look very, very good.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much for the detail response. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So my first one was just on the coker. It sounds like you're running full now in the start-up went as planned. But maybe you can just go through any puts and takes around profitability? I know heavy diffs have come in, for example, the diesel cracks are improving recently. Should we think about there being a structurally higher Gulf Coast capture now? And any way to think about quantifying that?
Greg Bram: Hey John, this is Greg Bram. So as Lane mentioned, the Coker started up in April. And I think it's probably worth noting the project and operating teams did a great job bringing that unit online safely without incident. And that's after we accelerated the schedule last year to be in a position to capture value from that project here in 2023. We've ramped it up to full capacity over the course of the quarter, and it's running well and median expectations. And I think with that, you can take kind of the guidance we've given in the past and think about where the market is today and adjust accordingly. I don't think we have really a new or different view, because the project is really doing what we expected it to do.
John Royall: Great. And then maybe along the same lines, it would be great to get your thoughts on heavy and medium sour diffs from here with OPEC+ cutting and the second round of the STR release is now over. What are your thoughts on whether we'll see a widening from here on mediums and heavies or will we likely stay in the current environment where from a sour diffs perspective?
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. I think we have seen the discounts widen back out some as we've moved throughout the third quarter. I think there's some reason for optimism as we head into fall turnaround season, had two and three, you'll see some decreased demand for heavy sour crude, which will help the differential some. I think we'll see some more production growth out of Western Canada as they come out of maintenance season, which would put more barrels back on the market, should continue to see a ramp-up in Chevron production from Venezuela heading into the US Gulf Coast. And then finally, there's some seasonal factors which should help the discounts as well. High sulfur fuel oil for power burn will begin to wind down seasonally, which will put more high sulfur fuel on the market, help the discounts there. And then as we transition into winter weather, you would expect to see higher natural gas prices, which changes the economics for some refineries around the world that have been processing medium and heavy sour crude, which have helped the discounts as well.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. On the SAF front, would you mind giving an update on the Navigator BlackRock CCS project? And how is the permitting and right-of-way procurement process going?
Richard Walsh: Hi Theresa, it's Rich. I'll start out by saying that the Navigator project is progressing. They've got parallel proceedings in front of each of the state's respective utility boards and/or counties and the regulatory proceedings in Iowa are taking longer than they anticipated. And so Navigator is not expecting regulatory approval until the back half of 2024, which will naturally push their timeline back. And they've not announced -- and they haven't given any update on a new start-up schedule. So--
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And in terms of additional SAF opportunities in the DGD facilities, Eric, can you just opine a bit more on how would you think about like the key hurdles it would take to cross to commercialize additional FID?
Eric Fisher: Yes, I think what I would say about SAF is the airlines are still in very much an educational phase of this. What they're still trying to wrestle with is I think there is a good understanding of it's going to come from RD. They're starting to understand the credit markets and how they work. But as you know, all of these SAF demands, a lot of them are voluntary from the carriers and as well as because it's voluntary, they've got options on, do they want to accept allocation, do they want to accept -- which model do they want to operate under, where in the world do they want to run these barrels? And I think the learning that everyone is working through right now is conventional jet is a fungible product. And so the SAF will naturally move into fungible markets, just like jet fuel does. But as airlines want the specific molecule at their particular location, particular airport, even at the airports, it then becomes a fungible product. So, all of that becomes a conversation of, okay, how do you then take that sort of real-life logistics and apply it into these policies and goals and how do you want to set up a commercial deal with that? So, there's still a lot of details being worked through on how this will physically move into the market. And then as a result of that, how it will price. So, I think airlines are still -- we're still working through a lot of those details. I don't see any drop in interest or demand. We see demand still growing strongly through 2030. So I think there's still a lot of upside in this outlook. I think it's -- but we have to work through these commercial details and logistical details.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Gary, perhaps I could pick on you a little bit given your recent good news. Congrats from me as well. But diesel, a couple of months ago, the world was coming to an end in terms of consensus expectations. And today, we're back at winter-type premiums for distillate cracks. So, I know you touched on it already in some of your comments. But can you maybe speak to what you're seeing that's driving that strength? And I want to address specifically what you're seeing in Asia as it relates to trading. Our understanding is Chinese exports are down and maybe that's creating some globally. So, I'm just wondering if you can offer any perspective as to why the split is as strong as it is today?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think you definitely saw as China ramped up and they didn't have the domestic demand keep up with that initially, you saw a lot of Chinese exports. Some of those barrels were making their way into Europe. And then you had some trade flows that needed to rebalance with the Russian sanction. So, initially, we saw a decreased demand from Latin America and so diesel was starting to back up in the US. But as trade flows have rebalanced, the Russian barrels that are making their way into Latin America that gap has largely been filled by increased demand from Europe. So, if you look for -- in our system in the second quarter of last year, our export is pretty comparable to the second quarter of this year. However, last year, 95% of our volume went to Latin America, 5% to Europe. Second quarter of this year, we had 60% of our exports go to Latin America with 40% to Europe. So you're starting to just see a big pull of diesel from the U.S. Gulf Coast into Europe. We thought in the second quarter and thus far in the third quarter, that's continuing. And that's the real difference.
Doug Leggate: So I hope this isn't a second question. This is kind of a clarification question. So are you suggesting that Russian exports are starting to -- they're starting to slow, which I think was the expectation. Is that -- am I reading your comments correctly?
Gary Simmons: We have seen Russian exports slow, I don't know, if that's just maintenance activity occurring in Russia, what's driving it. But we have seen some of the South American demand that we feel like we lost the Russian barrels that those countries are back inquiring for supply from us again.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you. My follow-up is on capture rates. And it seems to us -- I mean, Refining looked in line with consensus for this quarter. The balance was pretty weak capture in the Mid-Con and North Atlantic. So I'm curious if you can walk us through whether that's transitory, if there was anything specific in the quarter? And how you see it trending so far in the third quarter? Whoever wants to take that? Thanks.
Greg Bram: Yeah, Doug, this is Greg. So as you mentioned, overall capture rates were pretty consistent with what we'd expect from a 1Q to 2Q move. I should mention from the earlier question. In the Gulf Coast, the Coker was a positive impact, the new Coker on capture rates in the Gulf. As you mentioned in the Mid-Con, lower there primarily due to turnaround activity and you can see that in our lower throughput rates in second quarter versus the first quarter. And then in the North Atlantic, we tend to always see a seasonal shift in the value of Canadian distillates up in that market strong in the winter and then coming off in the spring and summer time. So that was one of the effects we saw there. Then the one that was a bit more unique to this particular period was just higher cost for sweet crude coming out of Canada, primarily impacted by some maintenance and also the wildfires they had up there.
Doug Leggate: And how is that trending in Q3?
Greg Bram: Yeah, we're starting to see it moderate a bit, but it will take some time. That usually is not just a very short, short-term effect, but we expect that it will start to improve.
Doug Leggate: All right. Thank you, guys.
Greg Bram: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everyone.
Greg Bram: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Sankey: My congratulations to Gary. Can you just keep going a little bit with the outages? On the OPEC cuts, can you talk a little bit about the impact that you've been having on markets from your perspective? The Mexican explosion was another obvious one, just a commentary on how disruptive the crude market is from a buyer's point of view right now? And I got you on Russia you seem to more or less address that already through Doug. Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So certainly, the big move in the crude market has been the OPEC+ production cuts, 4.5 million barrels a day off the market. And I think you're seeing that as global oil demand picks up, and those barrels are not yet back on the market, you're seeing flat price trend higher, and you've definitely seen it in the quality differentials as well. But in addition to the OPEC+ cuts, there were a number of other issues that you mentioned. We had maintenance in Canada on the wildfires in Canada, the platform fire in Mexico. You kind of went from a seller out of the SBR to a buyer into the SBR. So all of those things had a significant impact on the quality differentials in the second quarter, and we're seeing some of those things start to reverse as we move into the third quarter.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And then on the outages in Refining, can you talk a bit -- I mean there was reports of lots of different things happening, not least because of the heat in Texas. Could you talk a bit about anything that happened with you guys in the quarter, but also how the industry perhaps was perhaps throughput was a bit distorted by various units being down and stuff?
Greg Bram : Paul, this is Greg. I don't know that we can speak a whole lot to what was going on elsewhere. Our operations were very good for the quarter. Good mechanical availability in line with kind of our typical first quartile type of performance. So the weather has had just a very modest impact on any of our operations.
Paul Sankey : Got it. And then just finally, a quick one. The 14% you talked about wholesale up is obviously you're taking market share. It seems to be driven by your renewable fuels, right? Is that -- how do we explain the difference between your strength of sales versus the overall market being way below that?
Gary Simmons : No. That wouldn't include really what we're talking about on renewables. That would be strictly our U.S. wholesale volumes. I think some of it was due to rationalization that occurred in the industry that allowed us to be more competitive, but we've gone through and in many locations, renegotiated terminal agreements that just allow us to be more competitive in some regions where we haven't been historically and capture additional market share.
Paul Sankey : Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe a question on the renewable diesel side. I mean can you talk -- obviously, a very strong performance in the quarter. Can you talk about sales in the quarter, which were, I mean, stronger than we had expected? Also had a very strong capture rate, which was much improved. And certainly, I think some benefit from pricing there. But can you talk about sales? What are the drivers there, implications as we look toward the back half of this year, both on sales and the kind of margin and capture on the renewable diesel side?
Eric Fisher : Yes. We definitely had -- there's always some timing of ships in our numbers for the quarter, but we do also have the unit running above its original design capacity. So we are running higher rates at DGD 3 as well as seeing strong sales throughout the world as we move into a lot of production moving into Canada with its new CFR that went live in July, and then there's other states that are coming on beyond California. So overall, yes, we did see increased sales due to the combination of some timing of ships and then obviously, we're running above design rates.
Ryan Todd: And on the on the margin cap just had. Any general comments on what you're seeing, I mean, headline indicators have been falling, but your capture was much improved.
Eric Fisher : Yes. The margin -- on the margin capture side, we definitely saw prices lower in the second quarter. We saw waste oils become advantaged again. So that improves a lot of our capture rate. If we talk a little bit about RINs and LCFS, those have been pretty much as expected. LCF market has been relatively flat. The EPA came out with its new RIN outlook, and it was largely unchanged. So -- but overall, that's mostly a product. Gary mentioned, we've seen strong ULSD demand. That's the basis of the formula plus, I would say, more attractive fat prices, as you already mentioned.
Ryan Todd: And maybe on a different note, with the start-up of the Port Arthur Coker and the capital rolling off from that in terms of growth CapEx, you obviously have the SAF projects underway, but what types of projects might compete for growth capital going forward? Is it more likely to be incremental SAF capacity? Are there things on the refining side that you're looking at, whether it's something to increase octane production or anything like that on the margin side that can compete for capital as you think about the next couple of years?
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So you can really expect us to continue to look to optimize and look at opportunities around our existing assets. We've been doing that. Some of them aren't big or flashy, but in cumulative, they'll have an effect on our overall performance, and we continue to gate those, just like we always have. And then in the other side of the business, our renewable side. We are looking at the potential to always the gain and develop innovative projects that are sort of in the transportation fuel space that leverage our operations excellence and our project execution capabilities.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks, Lane.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Joe Laetsch of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks everybody for taking my questions today. So I want to go back to capture rate here. So, we noticed just on the West Coast Refining margins were really strong during the quarter. Could you just touch on some of the drivers here and how we should think about the setup for the third quarter?
Greg Bram: Yes, this is Greg. So on the West Coast, we had great operations out there. But really, the thing to note there is Benicia has a very, very high gasoline yield in terms of its product mix. So, when gasoline is very strong relative to distillate products out in the West Coast, we see strong capture rates out there driven by Benicia's yield. That's the primary factor you saw in the second quarter.
Joe Laetsch: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then just -- my second one is just on OpEx and just the drivers of higher OpEx in third quarter versus 2Q. Is that on the gas side? Or how should we think about that?
Lane Riggs: Let me -- this is Lane. It's really driven by slightly higher outlook for natural gas in the third quarter than the second quarter.
Joe Laetsch: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Good morning and congrats to everybody on there for the new roles here. I'd like to hit the diesel question a slightly different way. Last winter, we saw pretty unusually warm weather throughout Northern Hemisphere. So going back, I think you addressed this on the last call, but what do you think the missing demand was last year from a weather standpoint. And so when we think about the upcoming winter and we always just model normal weather. So, what will we potentially be looking at from a demand step up?
Gary Simmons: Roger, we have modeled that, but I don't have the number in front of me, and I don't want to give you a bad number, but we can follow up with you with Homer and get you the number we had on heating oil demand.
Roger Read: Okay. That's helpful. The other is, we have, I think somebody mentioned earlier, seeing diesel move back up over gasoline. Can you give us an idea of how you've run in terms of being max diesel or I should say, max distillate or max gasoline as we've been coming through this summer?
Greg Bram: Roger, we've been mostly in max gasoline mode, but we've been watching that movement between those two products. And we'll make that shift when we start to see that kind of swing cut drive us back the other way. One of the things maybe just to keep in mind is on that swing cut, as you keep that heavier part of the gasoline and the gasoline pool, it pulls in more butane into the blend pool. And when you look at where butane prices are currently that's really attractive to get as much butane in the blend as you can.
Roger Read: Yes, NGLs are definitely help in or hurt depending on which side of the argument you're on there. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Lane Riggs: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead. 
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning.
Lane Riggs: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Congratulations to everyone with new role. May be ask -- I apologize because I joined late. So if my question is ready to address, just let me know and we look at the transcript. Two questions. First, with the heavy oil discount and medium sour has also come down like most discount, it doesn’t seems like it's really that attractive to-date. Is it really problem for you guys to run those barrels? And if it's not, is there any way that -- for you to further minimize and what is the minimum that you have to run? The second question is that in the law of Avantec, is there any reason why the margin capture jobs so severely from in the second quarter. I mean not just comparing to the first quarter, but comparing to the last couple of years that you've been running, say, call it 100%, 95% to maybe 120%. And so -- is there any particular reason or there is some one-off unit circumstances that we are seeing? Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul, Mr. Bram is going to answer that.
Greg Bram: Hey, Paul, I'll start with the first one on the different crudes. If I understood your question, we see incentive to run the heavy grades as well as the light track now. The advantage for heavy crudes narrowed quite a bit as we got into the quarter. As Gary mentioned, as those differentials start to move back out that will increase the incentive to move -- to continue to process the heavy grades. The medium sours have probably been the one that have been least attractive and we would need to see those be -- have a wider discount to the light sweet grade before we would start to make a shift there. On your question, your capture rate question.
Paul Cheng: Actually, before we go into the capture, can I ask that how much that you can maybe further minimize on the medium sour?
Greg Bram: Yes, we can minimize quite a bit. Paul, one thing to keep in mind is there's different parts of the country, different parts of even the Gulf Coast region, where the medium sours, particular grades will still be attractive to run and we'll process those in the places where that medium grade is not as attractive. The easiest way to think about it is, in a lot of cases, we can run a combination of heavy and light to essentially kind of mirror what a medium grade looks like, but do that at a lower cost than buying the medium sour crude itself.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Understood.
Greg Bram: Okay. The your capture rate – was around north Atlantic,
Paul Cheng: Around North Atlantic. Yes.
Greg Bram: Yes, Paul, primarily the one thing that was unique about the second quarter was the higher crude cost and again, driven by higher prices for Syncrude out of Canada, both maintenance and wildfire-related. That was probably the thing that caused, kind of, that region to look different this quarter than it would typically for a second quarter period.
Paul Cheng: The Syncrude is probably was 100% -- 20% at most or for your entire more than 90 input, right?
Greg Bram: No, it's much higher than that, Paul.
Paul Cheng:
Syncrude:
Greg Bram: Yes. So our Quebec refinery runs a combination of Canadian crudes and then waterborne crudes that we bring up from the Gulf Coast.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is coming from Nitin Kumar of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Hi. Good morning all and thanks for taking my question. I just want to start with, can you comment on the recent EPA decision to deny RFS favors for small refiners? And how does that look for your ethanol business I think you mentioned volumes were flat, but can you talk a little bit about pricing for ethanol?
Richard Walsh: This is Rich Walsh. I can talk of, I guess, a little bit about the EPA decision. And then when it comes to pricing, I'll hand it back off to Eric. I mean, we don't have any small refinery exemptions in play. And so it's a bit of a non-factor for us. I mean really not a lot more to share on it in that regard.
Eric Fisher: Yeah. And then as far as the commercial impact of that, it's a bit -- we see the same thing, but of a nonevent and we really don't know the compliance posture of those small refiners. So it's not -- we don't see a big impact to any of our businesses on the small refinery section.
Nitin Kumar: Sorry, what I was actually referring to is on your commercial side, whether you were seeing any improved demand for ethanol because those that don't have the exemption. I guess I'll ask a different question as well. Just on the sustaining CapEx, you mentioned $1.5 billion for this year. Are you seeing anything on the regulatory front that could increase that or increase the intensity of your sustaining CapEx in the future thinking of things like stringent particle emission standards or anything like that?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. When you look at our history on our sustaining capital and some of these things, we were actually ahead of our competitors looking elective gas recovery and some of these other things. So with respect to regulatory capital, we're in good shape, and we're still willing to stick with our $1.5 billion of sustaining. On average, that doesn't mean it can ebb and flow really with turnaround timing.
Nitin Kumar: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning, team and Lane, Gary and Joe, if you're on the line. Congratulations to each of you. And that's kind of where I want to start. I mean, Lane, that over the last couple of years, the strategic vision has been very clear and consistent. We would just love your perspective as you step into this new role. What are the two or three things that you're most focused on to take Valera to the next level?
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Neil. So I mean, Joe and I really -- I worked with Joe on the strategy for the last nine years. Obviously, Jill and I go way back before that. So it's not like I've been a part of the current strategy that's been successful. I don't think you should expect us to deviate substantially from where we've been strategically in terms of my areas of focus. I think the first area of focus is just making sure everybody understands exactly that, right? We are -- we have a -- we've been very successful in our execution, maintaining our operations excellence our ability to execute squarely and be great executor of the projects. And I want to make sure that, that continues. And I want to make sure that we stay disciplined, we stay predictable and those are all the things that I think I need to make sure that's going on for the foreseeable future. And a that, I'm going to let Joe keep working in this innovative project space look for our opportunities to spend some of our strategic capital and in some of these opportunities that are around our assets, whether Diamond Green or SaaS or some of the other things that we obviously have done been ahead of everybody else, and we think we can continue to be that company.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Lane. And then the follow-up is just around return of capital. And just maybe you could provide an update. It was another quarter where you were able to return cash in excess of sort of the brackets that you talked about historically. And how are you thinking about with the stock having done well here more recently, continuing to lean into the buyback versus reinvest back in the business and talk about the dividend as well.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I don't think there's any revisiting of our approach to capital really strong performance. And I'm sorry, with regard to like buybacks and dividend we're going to continue our same approach as well. As far as going above our long-term target of 40% to 50% return to shareholders. Historically, back before the pandemic, we had been at the high end or above our target range pretty regularly. And then last year, we got back to the 45% midpoint of our range, while at the same time getting our debt back down to prepayment levels and building cash. So we got ourselves back in the good posture that we were comfortable with. And we'd also said with that accomplished, we'd be at the midpoint or above going forward. In the second quarter, like you said, we were up above our 50% range. We had a 50% -- 53% payout. Year-to-date, we're at a 52% payout -- so this year, we've clearly trended above 50%. And going forward, as in the past, as I said back before COVID was an unusual circumstance for us we won't hesitate to pay out above the upper end of the range for the year, where we think that's the best use of our excess cash under the circumstances. And on the dividend, we continue to have the same approach to it. We want our dividend to be positioned, we want our yield to be positioned competitive versus our peers who wanted to be growing and sustainable through the cycle. So that continues to be our approach on the dividend. That's how we'll set it and then the buybacks will continue to serve as a flywheel to round out our return to get us to our targets.
Operator: The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hey, thanks for taking my questions. First, I want to ask on the renewable fuel standard as well and the outlook for RIN prices and the impact of the business, there's a decent amount of concern that there's going to be an oversupply of RINs next year, and that has implications both for Diamond Green Diesel as well as on refining and the ability to capture some of the pass-through of the RIN cost in the crack. So I was wondering, if you have any comments around your RIN outlook as it relates to impacts to both of those segments given some risk to RIN prices moving lower next year? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Eric Fisher: Yeah, this is Eric. On the RIN prices, the EPA held the ethanol requirement of 15 billion gallons, which as we've seen over the last several years, it's beyond the blend wall, which means the D4 RIN will be used to fulfill that obligation. Given our outlook, we don't see a big change in RINs. RIN prices or RIN supply you see that as relatively business as usual.
Jason Gabelman: I mean, I guess if I could just push back a little bit. There is a lot of new renewable diesel capacity coming online next year. So it does seem like there's going to be a lot more RIN supply. I don't know if that enters into your thought process as you look out next year?
Eric Fisher: Yes. If you -- we're not going to speak on everyone else's projects, but we do see that a lot of the R&D projects are taking longer to come up and their projects are being slowed down. So our outlook is the expected growth curve of R&D is not going to be as aggressive as a lot of predictions.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. I appreciate that. And then my follow-up is just going back to the outlook on cracks. And I think a lot of investors have been surprised that the strength we're seeing in cracks and so kind of two parts to this one. Do you think the kind of hotter-than-normal weather globally has supported diesel demand at all? You've already mentioned that you're not going to comment on refining operations of your peers in the warm weather. So wondering if there's been a demand impact, though, from the high weather? And then the second part is, -- can you talk about just given you mentioned inventory product inventories are low. The path forward to rebuilding those, given the global capacity seems to be running all out how does the world restock gasoline and diesel, which are at or below historical levels? Thanks. 
Gary Simmons: Yes, Jason, this is Gary. I don't know that we can see that the warmer weather has caused a significant change in diesel demand. I think where inventories are low in the United States, we're seeing the same thing globally. Low diesel inventories and a pull from the United States into -- especially into Europe, very high as a result of low inventory globally. Moving forward, I don't know really where the path is in terms of restocking the inventory. You look -- we're 35 million barrels below the five-year average. Last year at this time, we were 35 million barrels below the five-year average. So we really aren't making it dent in it. If you look going forward, yes, there's no refined capacity coming online, but -- when you look at the stated nameplate capacity, that new refining capacity and you look at the estimates of global oil demand growth, it doesn't look like a significant impact on the supply-demand balances going forward. 
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead. 
Q – Matthew Blair: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Do you have any thoughts on the expected impact on RD margins in 2025 when the BTC converts to a PTC. As we look at it, it appears the dollar per gallon subsidy would go down with the PTC, but then, it seems like you might be helped out by just less competition from foreign RD imports. Does that make sense on your end? And is there anything else you would add there?
A – Lane Riggs: Yes, I think you've got that surrounded. The one thing I would add is when you go to a carbon intensity basis for the PTC, that will advantage Diamond Green Diesel because we run the lowest CI feedstocks. So whatever the PTC becomes, we will still have the highest capture of PTC versus our peers. So there's no doubt that it becomes a fraction of $1 based on CI but we'll still have the most advantaged platform.
Q – Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you. And then on the ethanol side, is an alcohol to jet SAF projects still a long-term possibility? And could you -- if so, could you compare that to what you're doing currently at DGD? Like how do the two production techniques compare in terms of capital cost, operating cost, scale and do airlines distinguish between the two different types of fuel?
A – Lane Riggs: Yes. I think -- yes, that's a lot of questions there. Well, what I would say is -- so the first question of is there a pathway to take ethanol into jet fuel. The answer is yes, post sequestration. That is -- it does allow ethanol to become a viable feedstock into that market. It's way too early to talk about numbers and capital and all of that from a from a project standpoint. But if you look at it from the airline standpoint, they do see that the first barrel of SAF that they will get ratably will be RD based. There is -- as that conversion goes through the RD markets, the next barrel could be from an ethanol source. But that's like you said, that's much further out there on the time line. So yes, and then if you look at in terms of -- is the technology there? And is there a capability there and will airlines differentiate between the two? Again, probably too soon to tell. But from a fuel standpoint, there's no difference between an ethanol-based barrel versus an RD based barrel from a SAF standpoint. But a lot of work to be done first on how RD will price SAF into the market, and then these are all much, much further down the time line.
Q – Matthew Blair: Understood. Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. I appreciate everyone joining us today, and please feel free to contact the IR team if you have any follow-up questions. Have a great day. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 10:25:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com.  Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call.  I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We had another strong quarter with all of our segments performing well. Our refineries operated at 93% capacity utilization rate despite planned maintenance at several facilities. Our ability to optimize and maximize system throughput while undertaking maintenance activities illustrates the benefits from our long-standing commitment to operational excellence. Refining margins were supported by lower industry refining capacity in a backdrop of strong product demand.  I'm also proud to report that the Port Arthur coker project was completed in March and successfully started up in early April, which is a testament to the strength of our engineering and operations teams. The project is expected to increase the refinery's throughput capacity and ability to process incremental volumes of sour crude oils and residual feedstocks while also improving turnaround efficiency.  Our Renewable Diesel segment set another sales volume record in the first quarter, with the continued ramp-up of DGD Port Arthur, which was started up in November 2022. In January, we announced that DGD approved a sustainable aviation project at Port Arthur, Texas. The DGD Port Arthur plant will have the capability to upgrade approximately 50% of its current 470 million-gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity to sustainable aviation fuel or SAF. The project is expected to be completed in 2025 and is estimated to cost approximately $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to be 1 of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world.  In the Ethanol segment, BlackRock and Navigator's carbon sequestration project is progressing, and they expect to begin start-up activities in late 2024. We expect to be the anchor shipper with 8 of our ethanol plants connected to this system which will allow us to produce a lower carbon-intensity ethanol product and significantly improve the margin profile and competitive positioning of our Ethanol business.  And we continue to advance other low-carbon opportunities, such as renewable hydrogen, alcohol to jet and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. All of our projects must meet a minimum return threshold to continue to progress through our gated review process.  On the financial side, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, reducing debt by $199 million in the first quarter and ending the quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 18%.  In January, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend on our common stock from $0.98 per share to $1.02 per share, demonstrating our long-standing commitment to stockholder returns.  Looking ahead, we expect refining fundamentals to remain supported by low global light product inventories, tight product supply and demand balances and continued increase in product demand as we approach peak air travel and summer driving season.  In closing, our team continues to successfully execute a strategy that enables us to meet the challenge of supplying the world's need for reliable and affordable energy in an environmentally responsible manner. The tenets of our strategy, underpinned by operational excellence, deploying capital with an uncompromising focus on returns and honoring our commitment to stockholders have been in place for nearly a decade and continue to position us well for the future.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the first quarter of 2023, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.1 billion or $8.29 per share compared to $905 million or $2.21 per share for the first quarter of 2022.  First quarter 2023 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.1 billion or $8.27 per share compared to $944 million or $2.31 per share for the first quarter of 2022. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the earnings release and the accompanying earnings release tables.  The Refining segment reported $4.1 billion of operating income for the first quarter of 2023 compared to $1.5 billion for the first quarter of 2022. Refining throughput volumes in the first quarter of 2023 averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was 130,000 barrels per day higher than the first quarter of 2022. Throughput capacity utilization was 93% in the first quarter of 2023 compared to 89% in the first quarter of 2022.  Refining cash operating expenses were $4.78 per barrel in the first quarter of 2023, lower than guidance of $4.95, primarily attributed to higher throughput and lower natural gas prices.  Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $205 million for the first quarter of 2023 compared to $149 million for the first quarter of 2022. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 3 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2023, which was 1.3 million gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2022. The higher sales volumes in the first quarter of 2023 were due to the impact of additional volumes from the start-up of the DGD Port Arthur plant in the fourth quarter of 2022.  The Ethanol segment reported $39 million of operating income for the first quarter of 2023 compared to $1 million for the first quarter of 2022. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.2 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2023, which was 138,000 gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2022.  For the first quarter of 2023, G&A expenses were $244 million and net interest expense was $146 million.  Depreciation and amortization expense was $660 million, and income tax expense was $880 million for the first quarter of 2023. The effective tax rate was 22%.  Net cash provided by operating activities was $3.2 billion in the first quarter of 2023. Excluding the unfavorable change in working capital of $534 million in the first quarter and the other joint venture member share of DGD's net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $3.6 billion.  Regarding investing activities, we made $524 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2023, of which $341 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance, and $183 million was for growing the business.  Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members share of DGD, capital investments attributable to Valero were $467 million in the first quarter of 2023.  Moving to financing activities. We returned over $1.8 billion to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2023, of which $379 million was paid as dividends and $1.5 billion was for the purchase of approximately 11 million shares of common stock, resulting in a payout ratio of 52% of [indiscernible] net cash provided by operating activities.  With respect to our balance sheet, as Joe mentioned, we completed additional debt reduction transactions in the first quarter that reduced Valero's debt by $199 million through opportunistic open market repurchases. We ended the quarter with $9 billion of total debt, $2.4 billion of finance lease obligations and $5.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents, was 18% as of March 31, 2023.  And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash.  Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2023 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About $1.5 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and the balance to growth.  For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect Refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.73 million to 1.78 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 405,000 to 425,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 250,000 to 270,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. We expect Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $4.60 per barrel.  With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2023. Operating expenses in 2023 should be per gallon, which includes $0.19 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.2 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  For the second quarter, net interest expense should be about $145 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $670 million.  For 2023, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $925 million.  That concludes our opening remarks. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Manav Gupta with UBS.
Manav Gupta: Congrats on a very good result. I'm not sure if there are many other refiners out there who can show this kind of capture with such heavy turnaround. So congrats on that. I have two quick questions and I'll ask them upfront. We keep seeing DOE data, which is prone to revisions, but sometimes doesn't actually make too much sense. So Joe, in your system across various products, what are you seeing in terms of demand for various products in your system?  And the second and related question is, help us understand a little bit what's going on in the diesel market. Are we suddenly oversupplied? Is the demand weak? If you could just talk through those diesel dynamics.
Joseph Gorder: No, Manav, we're happy to do that, and thanks for your comments. Gary, do you want to give them some insight?
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. So, so far, our 7-day average in our wholesale system, our gasoline sales are up 16% year-over-year. Our diesel volumes are up 25% year-over-year. So our wholesale team continues to do a great job.  In March, we set a record at 998,000 barrels a day. In April, the volumes are trending right along those levels. So demand seems very, very strong in our system. And even the DTN data for the wholesale racks across the industry is very strong as well.  In terms of your question on diesel weakness, we're just not seeing it. I can tell you, in addition to the wholesale volumes, today, there's domestic arbs that are open from PADD 3 into PADD 2 as we're seeing a surge in agricultural demand that's going along with planting season. You also have a domestic arb open to ship from PADD 3 to PADD 1. We see strong waterborne premiums to go to Latin America. The transatlantic arb is open to Europe. And so for us, distillate fundamentals look pretty good.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Can you comment on your outlook for Gulf Coast capture from here? Clearly, the start-up of the Port Arthur coker should be a tailwind, but we've also seen differentials come in. Net-net, how do you view the profitability of your Gulf Coast system, both near term and longer term?
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. [indiscernible] some general comments about capture rates, sort of compare our first quarter capture rate to our second quarter capture rate. Holding all things equal, we'll blend less butane. So everything -- pulling everything equal, our capture rate will actually fall just due to butane.  And then as you alluded to, you look at feedstocks, what's the trajectory of feedstocks, they're lower.  On the other side of it, we're seeing big RBOB premiums versus CBOB. So to the extent that, that's not captured in our capture rate, that's actually a positive.  So there are several things you just got to look at. And what you got to focus on are the -- some of the drivers that may not be in our formula for our crack attainment and how those change relative to things those are tied to. An example would be Maya versus WCS or, like I said, RBOB versus CBOB. Those are the things you guys kind of key on trying to predict maybe how our crack attainment looks.
Theresa Chen: And on a related note, how do you see the BGO situation evolving in terms of your Gulf Coast consumption as well as the global supply following the EU embargo on Russian products as well as the Saudis exporting less after [indiscernible] on its conversion unit?
Lane Riggs: Well, I'll start on at least our system and let Gary kind of look at -- talk about the supply. The start-up of our Port Arthur Coker goes a long way to shoring up our VGO position. Essentially, that's where it is. It's taking resid and heavier crudes and cracking into sort of -- in the distillate and essentially a VGO boiling range material. So it allows us to sort of -- our requirement for importing VGO has fallen post the new coker startup.
Gary Simmons: Yes. In terms of supply, I think we were concerned that the ramp-up in sanctions against Russia would limit VGO exports and cause VGO tightness. So far, it looks like the Russian barrels are continuing to flow. And so we're not nearly as concerned about VGO supply as we were earlier in the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Kalei Akamine: This is Kalei on for Doug. I've got a follow-up to Theresa's question, and it really goes to the availability of heavy sours that are in the market. There is a perception that, that length is getting shorter with OPEC cuts and then increased demand from new projects such as your coker and perhaps MPC's resid hydrocracker are squeezing the market for those kind of supplies. Can you talk about what you guys are seeing and if the phased start-ups of the new refineries, where not all the units are online, could help alleviate that situation.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I'll go through. We have seen -- during the first quarter, we saw the supply-demand balances around heavy sour get tighter. Some of it is supply. You also see -- saw Chinese refinery utilization ramp-up, which put more demand in the system. But going forward, I think there are some bullish factors. Platts is reporting 500,000 barrels a day. Canadian crude production is off-line due to maintenance. We'll get that production back. Venezuelan production is forecasted to grow. And our view is that more Chevron production from that region will make its way into the Gulf as we progress through the year.  At some point in time, all indications are that the Lyondell refinery will come down, which will kick more heavy sour back to the market. And then if the demand and -- the supply-demand balances that are currently being forecasted are correct, at some point in time, you'll need that OPEC production back on the market, which again is bullish to differentials.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. And a quick follow-up to that. Can you talk about what you're seeing for new refining capacity that's supposed to come online, like Dangote and Dos Bocas in Mexico?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I really can't make a comment. We don't have a lot of insight into either one of those refineries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of John Royall with JPMorgan.
John Royall: Just wanted to start on the return of capital side. You guys returned above your 40% to 50% range again this quarter, I think second quarter in a row. What's your latest thinking on where you want to be in that range of returns to shareholders given your balance sheet is very strong, but fundamentals appear to be ticking down and you can see that in your indicators.
Jason Fraser: Yes. No, that's right. This is Jason. And you're right, our balance sheet is in good shape right now. We've got up over $5.5 billion of cash, we feel pretty strong there. We got our net debt to cap ratio down into a good spot around 18%, which is well at the lower end of our range. So we feel like we're in a pretty good spot with regard to any potential recessionary conditions.  And as far as our target for where we want to be in our range, we'll continue to target the 40% to 50% when we have strong results. Of course, we'll be looking at the upper end. of that. We ended at 45% last year, paid out 52% this quarter. Actually with the extra cash we had, we did kind of an all-of-the-above strategy, we were able to build our cash by $600 million. Payout at 52% and also paid back a little more debt. So it will just depend on how the year plays out, where we fall in the range, right, in the payout range.
John Royall: Great. And then I was hoping you could also touch on the regulatory changes out in California and how you expect those to play out and the potential impact on both your business and maybe just the broad refining market in California.
Richard Walsh: This is Rich. I can start out with just sort of the regulatory climate. California has always been a tough regulatory climate for operations. And so I'm assuming you're talking about the California 2 rulemaking that's out there. And what we would just say is that the bill does have some burden, some reporting requirements in it. And then obviously, it kicks basically a profit tax over to this California Energy Commission to implement it. And so we'll stay active and engaged in that rulemaking process and watch what develops out of the agency there. It's unclear what price cap, if any, they'll ultimately put in place.  I would point out that the rulemaking on that, the standard that the agency is supposed to use is they're supposed to determine that the benefits to consumers are outweighed by the potential cost to consumers. And it goes without saying that attempts by governments to artificially limit commodity prices has never been really good for the economy and it ultimately ends up hurting consumers. So we'll just have to see how that all plays out.
Joseph Gorder: And John, this is Joe. Just let me bolt on something to what Rich said. So it's -- we have a great team operating both of our refineries on the West Coast. Great teams are running those plants. And we have been very consistent and clear in our approach to the California business. That is we aggressively manage the capital, we invest to maintain safe and reliable operations out there, but we haven't invested capital in growing that business for many years now.  Now historically, California, in a normal operating environment, isn't a strong contributor to our earnings. We've always viewed it as an option on periodically strong margins. And if the margin caps are set at levels that remove the upside, the opportunity to earn a return isn't there the way it's been in the past and we'll have to evaluate our options.  Right now, Rich and his team are communicating to the California Energy Commission and others the concerns that we have, and we're just going to have to wait and see what happens out there. So it is an environment that is a difficult operating environment. I would not even take a shot at stating what might happen to the overall refining environment out there, but I can just tell you that from our perspective, we're just going to have to watch it and see and then we'll evaluate our options.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Paul Sankey with Sankey Research.
Paul Sankey: Could you repeat the wholesale sales demand number that you just gave and explain how come, if I heard you right, that's growing so massively.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our wholesale on the gasoline side, we're up 16% year-over-year. On distillate, we're up 25% year-over-year. March, we set a sales volume record 998,000 barrels a day. And then April, the volumes are trending about like they did in March.  So certainly, when you look at the broader DTN wholesale volume data, it's not as significant growth is what we're seeing, and so it indicates we're doing a good job of capturing market share.
Paul Sankey: So there's no structural change. It's just better wholesale performance?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Okay. I'm not counting that as a question, Joe.
Joseph Gorder: Paul, we could talk all day.
Paul Sankey: I'm in D.C. actually. On the IRA, what's your latest thinking on how that could impact your business in terms of the regulatory environment? We've had -- we've dealt with the California one, I think, on the call already, but if you've got any latest thoughts on how things in Washington are shifting.  And the other one, I guess, is a big deal here. Obviously, it's carbon capture and how you're thinking about that.
Richard Walsh: Well, this is Rich Walsh again. I guess I'll take an effort to respond on that in terms of -- I think you're probably alluding to some negotiations that are going on right now. And just this morning, I think the Republican bill has been revised to include some of the credits to be back in that they were proposing to pull out. And so we're looking at the clean energy tax credits being put back in, and so the things that help us on our renewable side and some of our sequestration projects back in.  And they also have grandfathered those that have already made investment decisions on the [indiscernible] while SAF is out, the projects that have been announced on SAF are back in. So that means our projects would be still eligible for the proper treatments on that.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Got it. I think that SAF is definitely a very interesting one. Okay. And then generally speaking, in the market, we've seen margins come off an awful lot, which is a bit odd seasonally. Is there anything that you can observe about -- especially given what you're saying about your wholesale margins, your wholesale deliveries. The big sell-off that we've seen here is somehow doesn't seem to be entirely supported by fundamentals. We had a great gasoline demand number, for example, this week in the . Any thoughts on how Q2 is going to shape out? And I'll leave it there.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Paul, our view is whenever inventory is as low as it is today, it just puts you way out on the margin curve where the slope is really steep and any type of market news can have a significant impact on prices and margins. So early in the year, the market headlines were all about losing Russian supply with the ramp-up in sanctions and it drove the market up. Today, I think people are generally comfortable that the Russian barrels will continue to flow and then a lot of concern on the economy and what happens with demand in the future. As I've said, we're not seeing any indication of demand weakness today, but I think that's a concern is what happens in the future.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes, I'd like to follow up, Joe -- I'd like to follow up on the Comments or how you're looking at the diesel and gasoline markets. I mean there's a ton of ways to track demand and shortfalls of supply. But one we pay attention to is each end of the Colonial pipeline, and it shows clear stress in the gasoline market. So I guess I'd like to dig into maybe what you see in the Atlantic Basin, particularly between New York and Northwest Europe in terms of just outright gasoline supply. Or is it a component issue? Or what exactly is going on there?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think there are several factors that come into play there, Roger. Historically, we see an incentive to store summer-grade gasoline or components to New York Harbor. This winter, the market structure really made it where it wasn't economic to do that. And so we did build inventory for that.  And then, again, typically in the first quarter, you see a lot of volume going across the Atlantic from Europe into New York Harbor early in the year, and the strikes that occurred in France kind of minimized those volumes as well.  So we've come into driving season with 10 million barrels below where we were last year on gasoline inventory. So especially summer grade gasoline is very tight, and it is going to stress the Colonial system as we move into driving season.
Roger Read: Yes. I mean it's early in the quarter, but really haven't seen the gap quite this large at this time of the year before. So it definitely shows stress. Follow-up question, if I could, on the SAF. Obviously, you mentioned there are some opportunities in terms of what's moving forward legislatively. If you weren't to see, let's call it, fundamental support for SAF margins, do you want to make SAF? I mean, what's the driver to do that versus renewable diesel which obviously already enjoys support as well as LCFS programs.
Unidentified Company Representative: Roger, this is Eric. I think we still see a big demand for SAP in the future. The EU just talked about mandating it beginning in 2025 and at increasing percentages as you get to 2030 and 2050. So the IRA isn't the only driver for SAF. I think, between what we see in different jurisdictions starting to obligate jet and make it a mandatory requirement as well as just the internal commitments that a lot of the airlines and cargo carriers have made from a corporate standpoint, we still see that SAF is going to be a strategic growth area for renewables.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe I'll stick for one follow-up on the low carbon fuel side. Can you talk a little bit about a couple of the carbon possibilities that you mentioned earlier in the call, you mentioned renewable [indiscernible] alcohol jet. What would either of those projects look like in your current operations? And are there further changes in product prices or regulatory support that would be required to make either of those businesses make sense?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think -- this is Eric again. In particular, we'll start with ethanol to jet. Assuming the Navigator project goes forward, that will lower the carbon intensity of our ethanol to a point where it will qualify as a feedstock into SAF. And so if you look at that as the precursor project that would then enable an ethanol to jet SAF project, that's one of the things we're looking at. Now that's years out from anything we would talk about in any sort of detail, but conceptually that's kind of what would line up that possibility from a project standpoint.  And then renewable hydrogen, that's another sort of horizon opportunity, that as you look at your low-carbon platforms, if you can make blue or green hydrogen, it's just another way to further lower your CIs on your low carbon operations.
Ryan Todd: Great. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the Port Author coker. Is there -- congratulations on getting that started up. Is there any sort of ramp associated with operations there? How should we expect kind of contributions to that in the second quarter? And any kind of updates or thoughts on what the -- what you think the annualized EBITDA contribution is in the current environment?
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. So we started it up on April 5. I would say actually, this week, we've sort of ramped up most of the refinery up to where we're running. We're close to fuel to full. We're sort of from now through the rest of the quarter, you will see the [indiscernible] benefit of [indiscernible]. Clean start-up, as Joe alluded to earlier in his comments. It was done really well by our team. It's working just as we had indicated.  In terms of the contribution on EBITDA, when you take sort of the current volumetrics and use forward pricing on it, it's normally about $0.5 billion a year is the benefit.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jason Gabelman with TD Cowen.
Jason Gabelman: I wanted to ask one on market structure. I think there's some concern because there's headlines around Asia cutting refining runs because margins are low there and there's some concern that, that could permeate into the U.S. And so the question is, how should the market kind of take that indicator? Should they think that while Asia margins are falling and so U.S. will follow because there's global weakness? Or conversely, because Asia margins are falling, U.S. cracks are around the level they are, probably closer to a floor, because of the structural kind of tailwinds that are out there and Asia is kind of absorbing all of the throughput declines related to global demand issues? I know it's a bit of a complex question, but I guess, give it a shot.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think the way we would view it is much like you said, we would view it as it's kind of telling us where the floor on margins. It's not just Asia, but in Europe margins are negative. And so a lot of that is the distillate weakness. We still see diesel inventory very, very low. And we view that some of that capacity should actually be running. And so it's kind of telling you we're the floor on where margins are.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. That's helpful. And then the follow-up on DGD. Where are we in terms of the DGD distribution? Have you received one yet? Is that coming soon? And how are you thinking about that cash being moved up to the partners moving forward?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. We've looked at the DGD cash flow, and we would still say we see a distribution in the back half of this year becoming an opportunity for the partners.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. Any idea around the quantity?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we're not going to give a number like that out, but it does look positive through the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Blair: Joe, could you help us understand the Q1 refining capture, a strong figure, a little bit more. I think Lane mentioned butane blending was a tailwind. What else drove it up? And I guess, specifically, were product exports more of a supporting factor than normal? And then also, was there any impact from turning in the 2021 RINs, like any sort of mark-to-market as you submitted the 2021 RINs in March of 23?
Lane Riggs: So Matt, this is Lane. I'll start out with the first part of it. So the things that are contributing factors were we had backwardation sort of flattened out in the market on feedstock. That's always one you get. So market structure plays into capture rates in a big way. So it's tightened out some. You had wider differentials in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter on all the crudes that we run.  And then finally, there were pretty good jet premiums versus distillate in the first quarter. Those -- those are the other things driving our capture rate. With respect to the other on mentioned...
Joseph Gorder: I don't think the RIN had anything to do with it.
Gary Simmons: And I wouldn't say exports had any kind of material impact on capture rates either.
Matthew Blair: Great. And then on the Q2 Refining guidance, it looks like it implies about 90% to 93% utilization. You already did 93% in Q1. So I guess I'd be surprised if it ticks down. Is that just -- should we think about it as just a conservative number? Or are there -- are there major turnarounds that we should be aware of that's pulling down your Q2 expected run rate?
Lane Riggs: Yes, we -- this is Lane. We have a policy of not really commenting directly on our turnaround activity, but I would just take the guidance to be kind of where we think it's going to be.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. And Matthew, I mean, you know our history and our tendency. I mean we're not going to oversell anything. So we'll just -- we'll see how the markets look. And lane's right, we'll operate as appropriate.
Operator: We have no additional questions at this time. So I'll pass the floor over to management for any additional closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Jesse. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any questions. Have a great week. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our call and webcast. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Valero's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Bhullar. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning everyone and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team.  If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. We finished the year strong with our refineries operating at 97% capacity utilization in a favorable refining margin environment. In fact, this is the highest refinery utilization for our refining system since 2018. I'm also proud to share that 2022 was the best year ever for combined employee and contractor safety, which is a testament to our long-standing commitment to safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible operations. As we saw during most of 2022, refining margins were supported by low product inventories, which resulted from the significant permanent global refinery shutdowns and the continued recovery in product demand. Our refining system also benefited from heavily discounted sour crude oils and fuel oils. These discounts were driven by increased sour crude oil supply, high freight rates, and the impact from the IMO 2020 regulation for lower sulfur marine fuels. Also, high natural gas prices in Europe incentivize European refiners to process sweet crude oils in lieu of sour crude oils, adding further pressure on sour crude oils. And our refining projects that are focused on reducing cost and improving margin capture remain on track. The Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023 and will increase refinery's throughput capacity and ability to process incremental volumes of sour crude oils and residual feedstocks while also improving turnaround efficiency. In our Renewable Diesel segment, we continue to expand operations, and we set another sales volume record in the fourth quarter with the successful commissioning and start-up of the new DGD Port Arthur renewable diesel plant in November. That project was completed under budget and ahead of schedule and brings DGD's annual production capacity to approximately 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. In the Ethanol segment, BlackRock and Navigators carbon sequestration project is still progressing on schedule and is expected to begin start-up activities in late 2024. We expect to be the anchor shipper with eight of our ethanol plants connected to this system, which is expected to result in the production of a lower carbon intensity ethanol product that should significantly improve the margin profile and competitive positioning of the business. And we continue to advance other low-carbon opportunities such as sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. Our gated process helps ensure these projects meet our minimum return threshold. On the financial side, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, paying off all of the incremental debt incurred during the pandemic and ending the year with a net debt to-capitalization ratio of 21%. Looking ahead, we expect low product inventories and continued increase in product demand to support margins, particularly for US coastal refiners that have crude oil supply and natural gas advantages relative to global refineries. And we continue to see large discounts for heavy sour crude oils and fuel oils that we can process in our system. The startup of the Port Arthur Coker is also expected to have a significant earnings contribution in the back half of 2023, supported by wide sour crude oil differentials and strong diesel margins. In closing, we're encouraged by the refining outlook, which, coupled with the contribution from our strategic growth projects in refining and renewable fuels, should continue to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage and shareholder returns. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the fourth quarter of 2022, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.1 billion or $8.15 per share, compared to $1 billion or $2.46 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021. Fourth quarter 2022 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.2 billion or $8.45 per share compared to $988 million or $2.41 per share for the fourth quarter of 2021. For 2022, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $11.5 billion or $29.04 per share compared to $930 million or $2.27 per share in 2021. 2022 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $11.6 billion or $29.16 per share compared to $1.2 billion or $2.81 per share in 2021. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the earnings release and the accompanying financial tables. The Refining segment reported $4.3 billion of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $1.3 billion for the fourth quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $4.4 billion compared to $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2021. Refining throughput volumes in the fourth quarter of 2022 averaged 3 million barrels per day. Throughput capacity utilization was 97% in the fourth quarter of 2022. Refining cash operating expenses of $5 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2022 were $0.14 per barrel higher than the fourth quarter of 2021, primarily attributed to higher natural gas prices. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $261 million for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $150 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. Renewable Diesel sales volumes averaged 2.4 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2022, which was 851,000 gallons per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2021. The higher sales volumes were due to the impact of additional volumes from the DGD St. Charles plant expansion and the fourth quarter 2022 start-up of the DGD Port Arthur plant. The Ethanol segment reported $7 million of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $474 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of 2022 was $69 million compared to $475 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.1 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2022. The higher operating income in the fourth quarter of 2021 was primarily attributed to multi-year high ethanol prices due to strong demand and low inventories. For the fourth quarter of 2022, G&A expenses were $282 million and net interest expense was $137 million. G&A expenses were $934 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was $633 million and income tax expense was $1 billion for the fourth quarter of 2022. The annual effective tax rate was 22% for 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities was $4.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022 and $12.6 billion for the full year. Excluding the unfavorable change in working capital of $9 million in the fourth quarter and $1.6 billion in 2022 and the other joint venture member share of DGD's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $4 billion for the fourth quarter and $13.8 billion for the full year. Regarding investing activities, we made $640 million of capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2022, of which $349 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $291 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members share of DGD and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $538 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 and $2.3 billion for the year, which is higher than our annual guidance primarily due to project spend timing on the Port Arthur Coker project and the accelerated completion of the DGD Port Arthur plant. Moving to financing activities. We returned $2.2 billion to our stockholders in the fourth quarter of 2022 and $6.1 billion in the year, resulting in a 2022 payout ratio of 45% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities through dividends and stock buybacks. With respect to our balance sheet, we completed additional debt reduction transactions in the fourth quarter that reduced Valero's debt by $442 million through opportunistic open market repurchases. As Joe noted earlier, this reduction, combined with a series of debt reduction and refinancing transactions since the second half of 2021, have collectively reduced Valero's debt by over $4 billion. We ended the year with $9.2 billion of total debt, $2.4 billion of finance lease obligations and $4.9 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was approximately 21%, down from the pandemic high of 40% at the end of March 2021, which was largely the result of the debt incurred during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. And we ended the year well capitalized with $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2023 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About $1.5 billion of that is allocated to sustaining the business and $500 million to growth. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.59 million to 1.64 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.95 per barrel. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons in 2023. Operating expenses in 2023 should be $0.49 per gallon, which includes $0.19 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce 4 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.51 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $130 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $655 million. For 2023, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $925 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Theresa.
Theresa Chen: My first question is related to – good morning. Related to your macro outlook over the near-term. And with respect to Russia, how do you see the EU embargo or price cap on Russian products imports playing out, specifically to the diesel as well as the geo situation?
Gary Simmons: Theresa, this is Gary. I think, initially, we felt like even with the ramp-up in sanctions, you would just see a rebalancing of trade flows much like we saw with crude and resids. Most people in the trade today think that the sanctions will actually result in a reduction in Russian refinery utilization, and you'll see lower exports of VGO and diesel coming out of Russia when the sanctions take place.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And clearly, there's been a focus on an elevated amount of maintenance in the first half of this year, plus some unplanned downtime. How big of an impact do you think this will be on near-term refining economics? How real do you think this is? And what are the implications on your own refining earnings taking into account that you have your own maintenance program to work through as well?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the market is very, very tight. We're looking at total light product inventories 55 million barrels below the five-year average. And so typically, this is a period of time where you see restocking take place. And with the winter storm outage and high maintenance activity, we just haven't been able to restock inventories which sets the year up very nicely in terms of refinery margin perspective.
Lane Riggs: And Theresa, this is Lane. So as we've been pretty consistent, we don't do a lot of commentary around our turnaround activity. But nonetheless, I mean, the first quarter and third quarters are heavy turnaround periods when we have turnarounds. And so that's sort of seasonally, that's how we execute our maintenance.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Happy New Year, guys for those I haven’t spoken to you yet.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I don't know who you want to direct this too, but I'm curious about coker economics. When you laid out the original plan to bring this online, we were in a very different diesel resid market than we are today. So could you -- as you see the earnings power of that facility as it stands, maybe at strip or however you want to characterize it, can you give us an idea what your expectations are relative to what it looked like when you first set out the project? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Joe Gorder: Yes. No, Doug, we'll let Lane take a crack at this one.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Doug. I hope you’re all right. It's -- so just to remind everybody, our FID, I think, was $325 million, that's sort of based on mid-cycle. We sort of look back at it in sort of 2018, I think the EBITDA was around $420 million. If you sort of fourth quarter, it's in the order of probably $700 million, maybe a little bit more dollars. So if you use those kind of margins. So obviously, it's -- I don't know if we have incredible foresight, but it's great to be lucky. And we lucky to be good, that's exactly right. So yes, I'd say have assuming all this holds, and I think, at least for our outlook, at least for this year, is that the sort of resid prices and distillate cracks a whole, it will be a -- the timing is pretty perfect.
Doug Leggate: Just to be clear, and I know you don't want to be specific on timing, but would you anticipate this up by the end of the second quarter, or how are you thinking about start-up?
Lane Riggs: I'm going to be fairly specific right here. We're going to be mechanically complete somewhere late Feb, early March, and we expect oil in somewhere late April or early May.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I hate to do this, but I got to ask the cash return question. Your balance sheet, you've managed it or Jason, maybe, back to below COVID levels. Your dividend still hasn't moved and your share count is now down, I guess, about 7%. So, all things considered, it seems you've got a lot of capacity for dividend to restart dividend growth. How can you walk us through what you're thinking on cash returns? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Yes. No, Doug, that's a very fair question and we'll let Jason share his strategy around this.
Jason Fraser: Yes, I'll give a little context quarter, we did beat a goal, which will kind of change in how we look at things. So, back prior to the pandemic, we were frequently at the high end or even above our target return payout range of 40% to 50%. Now, during the pandemic, we were very committed to our dividend and paying the dividend loan put us way above our 40% to 50% target range. And as you know, during COVID, we had to take on another $4 billion of debt in 2020. So, one of our main objectives as the financial situations improve post-COVID was the payback this incremental debt, which we've been aggressively working on. And we've messaged that while we're working on this competing goal of deleveraging, we would stay at the lower end of our 40% to 50% payout range, which is what we've been doing. Now, in the fourth quarter, we were able to repurchase $442 million of debt, which is the final step in us meeting our goal of deleveraging by $4 billion. So, with that insight, during the quarter, we increased our stock purchases to $1.8 billion and we're able to end the year at a 45% payout ratio. So, we're able to work our way back to the midpoint of our target range for the full year. And now that we've paid off our pandemic debt and build our cash balance up to a good level, you should reasonably expect us to be looking at mid-level or higher payout targets given the construction margin environment as we move forward. Now, on the dividend side, please go ahead -- yes, you'd asked about dividend too, which is other pieces of the puzzle. So, we continue to aim for a dividend as sustainable and competitive versus our peers. We would also like to show growth. And as you know, the dividends -- we hadn't had any growth since the first quarter of 2020 because, first of all, we had the pandemic, which we had to work our way through. And then we're rebuilding cash and working our debt down. So, now, as I've said, we've kind of met those goals so we would like to return to a pattern of growth as we move forward.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the full answer, Jason. As you know, Joe, we'd like to see cash on the balance sheet. So, thanks so much for that. All the best.
Joe Gorder: Net zero debt, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Thank you everybody.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, good morning. I guess I'd like to jump in here on just, call it, crude structure in the market, right? We had big SPR releases a lot of last year. Those seem to have at least, I don't know if I'd say ceased, they've definitely eased quite a bit. You mentioned the Russian sanctions coming up. That's really more of a product thing. And then we've had the Venezuelan barrels start to enter the Gulf of Mexico. So, I guess as a broad question, how are you looking at crude availability and crude dips as we get into the early days of 2023 here?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. I think our outlook on crude quality differentials is we expect the market to stay fairly consistent. The key drivers really on the quality differentials have been more sour crude on the market, refineries running at high utilization rates, which produce more high sulfur fuel oil. And then with the IMO 2020 regulation, it's decreased the demand for high sulfur fuel oil. And so all those factors come into play, affecting the supply/demand balances around high sulfur fuel and then high sulfur fuel really drives the quality discount. So we don't see much changing at least in the near-term in terms of where those quality differentials are.
Roger Read: And as a follow-up on that, I think, Joe, you mentioned with the Russian ban, we might see less VGO in the market. Maybe, Gary, those were your comments. If there's less VGO in the Atlantic Basin in general, what is your expectation for substitute feedstock into the summer of the secondary units and the kind of follow-on impacts on distillate production?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Roger, this is Lane. I'll take a shot at it. I think what you'll see, and we were concerned about it going into this past year was the VGO availability, but we sort of through with some of the way some of the refineries in the Middle East started up. And I think some people stockpiled VGO, I mean, the answer to that is it will remain tight. And ultimately, what it affects is gasoline production. If you believe distillate cracks are going to hang in there where they are, you'll have clear margins by VGO into a hydrocracker, but it will challenge FCC's economics through the summer, it's in fact, as it gets tight.
Roger Read: Great. I'll – that's my two, so I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I was hoping for your view on China reopening and how that could trickle through the market, particularly when you think about the new refining capacity coming on and they appear to still be releasing big batches of export quota. So anything on China reality would be helpful? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So this is Gary. I think we've certainly seen the Chinese more active in the market, both purchasing feedstocks and in the product markets as well. It looks to us like a lot of the product exports from China are staying in the region, although we occasionally see some exports making their way into our market. But our view is that, you'll see significant demand recovery in China by the second quarter. And a lot of that ramp-up in refinery utilization in China will be needed to supply the domestic demand. On the new refinery capacity, at least our supply-demand balances still show year-over-year demand will outpace capacity additions. And so we're not too concerned about it. A lot of that capacity really doesn't make a lot of transportation fuels. Some of the big refineries in China, it's less than 50% total gasoline, jet and diesel yield, a lot more petrochemicals and fuel oil production.
John Royall: Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And then on the Renewable Diesel side, can you talk about how the feedstock market is absorbing DGD 3 and assuming this is the case, why it's been kind of easier than having pushed up advantaged feedstock the way it did with DGD 2?
Eric Fisher: Yeah, this is Eric. We haven't really seen a big change in feedstock costs with DGD 3 coming on. As you said, we did see a big change where waste oil feeds really equilibrated to soybean oil with DGD 2 in 2021. But with the start-up of DGD 3, we've seen prices hold pretty flat. We saw that soybean oil actually, at least CBOT “soybean oil”, came pretty flat to waste oils in October and November. But then we saw the “soybean oil” drop really with the EPA announcement on their RFS obligations for the next three years. And so – but overall, to answer your question, we haven't seen a big change in feedstock prices. It's been pretty stable.
John Royall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Good morning. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Sam.
Sam Margolin: So in the prepared remarks, you mentioned European energy cost driving optimization opportunities in the US via a lot of different factors. But energy costs in Europe have crashed and diesel cracks are still rising and those optimization opportunities are still there. Can you talk a little bit about maybe what's going on in Europe from your perspective that's kind of sustaining these advantages even though the gas cost side is maybe out of the equation?
Lane Riggs: I'll start and if Gary wants to sort of add. This is Lane, by the way, Sam. So natural gas still at the UK and really in the Netherlands is still nominally around $20 per million BTU. When comparing that today, sort of the Houston -- I mean probably nominally three and change. So there's still a significant difference between natural gas cost now. With that said, we'll use our Pembroke refinery as a proxy. Natural gas really hasn't driven our signals in over a year. And so I guess what I'm saying now we don't have an SMR and we're not -- we don't have a big hydrocracker, so we don't have a lot of insight into how that flows through to their marginal economics on those units. But what I'm saying is it's high natural gas prices. In Europe, at least for us, it hasn't changed our signals, which is macro run max at our Pembroke refinery.
Sam Margolin: Okay. That's really helpful. And then I guess just as a follow-on, it's a little bit related, but it's back to Port Arthur. I mean the coker is starting up at this high run rate, and you've got a new renewable diesel facility there that's very cost advantage if for no other reason than just its integration with the refinery. So this is facility that's probably the most valuable fuels complex in the world at this point, I would say. And I don't even know what the question is, to be honest with you, but I'm just trying to get contribution to the system.
Lane Riggs: We like where you're going, Sam.
Sam Margolin: Yes. I mean if it has -- if it's dragging up the entire Gulf Coast system with it because of optimization opportunities that it comes with, I mean, just sort of I guess, a plant level contribution would be helpful.
Lane Riggs: What was that last question?
Homer Bhullar: Contribution at the plant level?
Lane Riggs: Yes. We can't really say that. We do appreciate your comments around it. I mean -- if you think about what this coker does, at least, it reduces -- well, heavy the refinery up and our intermediate purchases sort of if you think about our VGO comments will be down significantly. So the better integrates sort of vertically integrates that refinery and makes it way less sort of, as you said, it's a very important asset. It makes us way less, I'd say, significantly less dependent on intermediates to fill out the refinery.
Joe Gorder: And then obviously, the renewable diesel plant, there is going to be very helpful. So you're right, Sam, it's a very valuable complex to us.
Sam Margolin: All right. Well, thanks so much. Have a great day
Joe Gorder: You too.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Can I go back into Port Arthur, mainly with the coker coming on stream, we understand that, I mean, one of the decisions behind is that you will allow you doing the turnaround, you can still won the facility. But during the long-term around period, how that impact Port Arthur in terms of the cruise lay of throughput and product yield?
Lane Riggs: So are you talking about the turnaround portion of it? Are you just--?
Paul Cheng: No, outside of it. I mean, we understand the turnaround Now, you have two coker.
Lane Riggs: That’s what I've alluded to a little bit--
Paul Cheng: But I'm more interested if it is not doing the turnaround, how the new coker addition will impact in terms of your [indiscernible], your product, yield and your overall throughput?
Lane Riggs: So, as I said to Sam, it's -- we'll heavy up considerably. Today, we run some light and medium crudes. You'll see us run significantly more heavy, maybe plus rate, probably over time. I'd looking back at the FID some, but it's not as much as you would think. And in terms of distillate, that's really the net product we make out of this, and it's sort of a plus 15% to plus 25% depending on the crude die in terms of distillate. What it really is, is a reduction in feedstock purchases for us. In addition to like we said, it's a turnaround efficiency.
Paul Cheng: Right. So, we assume that is a 55,000 barrel per day, so you will see incremental one of heavy and mediums to the tune of 150,000 barrels per day?
Lane Riggs: I'm sorry, Paul, can you repeat that?
Paul Cheng: Now, the coker, the capacity is 55,000 barrels per day. Should we assume we're heavier up by about 150,000 barrels per day of the heavy and medium sour crude?
Lane Riggs: No, we're not increasing 50,000 barrel per day. We're heavying up. You'll see our rates. I don't normally go from -- I don't know if it's public here, I got to be careful. [indiscernible] We run anywhere from 340 to 360 today, 375, depending on the crude die. I think we could potentially go up plus 30 to plus 40 on crude depending on how heavy we are or light we are. So, that's sort of what happens. And so then it just changes. When we do this all the time whenever we change our crude die, we sort of have to spot in intermediate purchases to finish our conversion units out. So, what will happen is we'll reduce the amount of intermediate purchases depending significantly on the base and tuning the refinery between how heavy we are and how we'll change sort of the how crude run rates. So, -- but it's not a plus 150,000.
Paul Cheng: No, no, I'm saying not the overall throughput increased by 150,000, I'm saying that, will you increase the run of heavy and medium sour crude by 150,000 barrels per day with this coker?
Joe Gorder: Will it increase?
Lane Riggs: We would have to get back to you. It's going to be a lot. I mean, I have to go back and see how much we incremented on in terms of the volume. So, -- and we'll have to get back with you. We can get back with Homer disclose that I don't know. I don't know what--
Paul Cheng: And second question is that in your North Atlantic, the margin in this quarter is really, really strong, even comparing to the benchmark indicator. Can you maybe help us better understand that what may be some driver outside just the market conditions? Yes, any?
Lane Riggs: So Paul, which margin -- Valero's overall--
Paul Cheng: North Atlantic -- your North Atlantic?
Lane Riggs: Well, I didn't really -- it's not that much stronger versus the prior quarter. I mean, just the way we look at it is…
Paul Cheng: North Atlantic we see [ph] -- I think $29.
Lane Riggs: No, but I'm saying versus prior like I said.
Homer Bhullar: Capture was only up a margin.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. Capture rate was up just a little bit.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe – a follow-up on some things that you maybe touched on a little bit earlier on the call. I think from a macro point of view, as some of the – what appear to be at least whether they're structural or lingering improvements and kind of underlying profitability for the business. It seems like the global system is exceptionally tight in terms of generating low sulfur product, and maybe that's a post IMO effect. But is that a fair statement? Have you seen kind of a post IMO have you seen a structural change or tightness in the ability of the global refining system to generate ultra-low-sulfur product? And is that something that sticks with us for a long time and on the margin drives higher distillate margins?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think so. So you can see that a couple of places, you can really see at the low to high spread on fuel oil, you can certainly see the gap that's occurred and then just general weakness in high sulfur fuel. I think it tells you that the industry really is tight on capacity to upgrade high sulfur fuel into low-sulfur products. And we've really seen that starting early last year, and it's continuing, and we don't see anything that changes that.
Ryan Todd: Right. Thanks. And then maybe just one on the renewable diesel side. I mean early guidance for the 2023 to 2025 time frame didn't appear very supportive for renewable diesel on its surface. Any thoughts on what your takeaways were overall, whether you see the market as potentially oversupplied this year? And whether this may result in pushing more marginal players out of the market? Obviously, you have a structural cost advantage, so you're on the low end of the curve. But do you expect – I guess, how did you read the guidance? What do you think the impact will be over the next year or two on the market?
Jason Fraser: Well, so one thing that we saw with the RFS obligation is that they kept the ethanol target at 15 billion gallons, which means you're still going to be in a situation at some point in the year where you have to use the D4 RIN to cover the D6 obligation because the ethanol blending won't reach 15 billion gallons. So that mechanism is still in there. To your point, the future obligations were higher, but not as high as people expected. And when you saw that announcement come out, you did see a big drop in soybean oil prices as well as a lot of pressure on – or question on whether or not all these soybean crush facilities were going to get built based on that lower obligation going forward. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag that, there's still going to be short on the D6 RIN, but there is definitely a lower growth curve on the D4 RIN in this current proposal. So we'll have to see how that plays out. There's still a lot of talk about a lot of the policy trying to move away from soybean oil as a feedstock, both in Europe and in the US, at least in terms of conversations. And so as everyone's trying to figure out is that part of what's at play with this lower RFS proposal. So – but overall, as you said, we're a waste oil units that isn't affected by that. And as you said, we will be competitive regardless of the obligation compared to our peers. So we'll have to see how the -- we'll just have to see how this plays out. I don't know, Rich, you had other comments about the future outlook on the RFS proposal. I know we're…
Rich Walsh: Yeah. I mean, one thing I would hit on is the elements that they put in that's probably the thing that we find most problematic with the rule. EPA is trying to convert the RFS into a subsidy for EVs, for autos. And, obviously, we'll be commenting very heavy on that. We feel that the RFS is really set out by Congress and the intent was for it to be used to promote liquid renewable fuels like the use of soybean and corn and for ethanol. And we don't think trying to convert this into some kind of a user it for EV purposes really is consistent with the underlying obligations and intent of Congress with the RFS.
Ryan Todd: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Connor Lynagh of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Connor Lynagh: Yeah. Thanks. I, kind of, want to continue that line of questioning there. I appreciate this is a little bit ridiculous since you just brought DGD 3 online. But what is the policy vision make you think about DGD 4 or some of the opportunities that you'll have when you have your carbon capture system online for your ethanol plants? Just where is your head on where future renewables growth for you guys might be?
Gary Simmons: Well, previously, we said we would take a pause after DGD 3 and reassess the market. So we're -- like you said, we're still lining out DGD 3. Its project went great. It came in under budget. It was nine months ahead of schedule. It's met design. It's met its design rates already. And I'll just say that the project team, the operations team and the fuel compliance team did a great job making this a very smooth start-up, and we're not having any problem moving sales out of DGD 3 into markets. So as I said before, we haven't seen an increase in feedstock prices. So everything looks very competitive with DGD3 coming up. That all being said, I think we continue to do the engineering on the SAP project. For the DGD platform, and then we continue to support the Navigator pipeline for the CO2 sequestration for our ethanol plants. So all of that still says that there's a lot of opportunity with our platform, given its location and competitive position.
Connor Lynagh: What's your thinking around exploring potential alcohol to jet or other avenues to approach the SAF market.
Rich Walsh: Yeah, I think there's two things. Obviously, what's key to that is that the sequestration project has to go first. In order for ethanol to qualify for SAF, you have to get below the 50% GHG targets for the EU. And so if you look -- if you assume that pipeline is done in the next couple of years, it will qualify our ethanol platform into SAF. And so the other thing that we've learned is with the SAF projects, you still have to blend that with conventional jet to make the final SAF product. So if you think about our platform, we have the ethanol, we have the carbon sequestration and we've got the conventional jet on the refining side. It does look like we would have a lot of advantage in just a complete supply chain into a finished SAF product. So that all looks like it's something we will continue to look at as we get closer to reality on this carbon sequestration pipeline.
Connor Lynagh: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team and congrats on a great quarter. The first question was around jet cracks. We're seeing that premium relative to diesel really blow out in some markets. Would love your perspective on -- do you think there's a structural premium in jet? And how do you see those premiums playing out over time?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think in the short-term, a lot of what you're seeing, the premiums on jet are primarily in New York Harbor in the Florida market. And it's still a bit of an overhang from the winter storm outages that we had in the US Gulf Coast, causing those markets to be exceptionally tight. It looks to us like probably mid-month in February, you'll get some resupply, which will help jet supply in those regions. But overall, we expect jet demand to increase significantly this year and overall, a lot of tightness in the distillate markets.
Neil Mehta: That’s helpful. That to follow-up is around just the demand levels. I mean, we've historically anchored to EIA on some of the US demand levels and the numbers are noisy. I mean in the last four-week trailing number was down 11%, which is hard to reconcile with the fact that disti is 20% below the five-year from an inventory perspective in gasoline below the five-year as well. So just would love to hear what you're seeing through your own wholesale system in terms of demand? And any thoughts on real-time color there?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we share the view that the DOE numbers look low to us and we would expect them to be corrected going forward. Our wholesale numbers are trending pretty high. So gasoline volumes through our wholesale channel are about 12% above where they were pre-pandemic levels, which we don't necessarily think is representative of the broader markets either. For us, I think the number which we focus on are more around the mobility data, which is kind of showing vehicle miles traveled flat to slightly above where it was pre-pandemic levels with some improvements in the efficiency of the fleet, it would say gasoline demand down maybe in the 2% range is what we kind of believe is most likely.
Neil Mehta: That makes more sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Good morning. I got a couple of questions. First, I wanted to ask about the US Gulf Coast intermediate imports, the resids, and I understand some of that's going to be backed out with the Port Arthur Coker project, but you'll probably be taking some in-sell. And as these resid differentials have widened throughout the year, I imagine it's been a pretty large benefit to your capture rates in 2022. So I was hoping you could help frame that? And if you expect resids the discount to stay wide in 2023 and continue to contribute to stronger captures despite your commentary that you expect some of the Russian VGO to be taken off the market? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll start on that. I mean, I think we'll probably -- we always look at heavy crude versus fuel oil. I mean one of the things that's happened sort of Russia big buyers have been 100 out of Russia. And obviously, we don't buy that anymore. So we've canvased the world and figured out alternative sort of fuel oil feedstocks and they're plentiful largely based on what Gary has mentioned. I mean, you have a lot of incremental crude going into low complexity and they're struggling making sulfur. So you can see that in the 3.5 weight percent discount to virtually everything else. And so we do believe that's going to continue. I think through this year. So, at Valero, you'll see us buy more heavy crude, we want post coker, and you'll see us buy some more fuel oil and less intermediates.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, the only thing I would add is for the full year 2022, resid probably didn't have a significantly positive impact on our capture rates just because after the Russian sanctions and those barrels came off the market for really the second and third quarter, it was rebalancing the trade flows. But in the fourth quarter, we certainly saw a significant impact.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks. And my follow-up is on DGD. Given the start-up of DGD 3, I suspect there was a larger distribution to the joint venture partners. So, I was wondering if you're willing to disclose what that distribution was? And now that you're going to likely moving forward to have more access to the cash from DGD in the form of ongoing distributions, does that impact how you think about the payout ratio at all? Thanks.
Homer Bhullar: Maybe I'll start on just on the DGD side, it just started up. We haven't even got to the conversation with cash distributions yet. But the expectation is this year, it should be with capital spending coming to a close with the project that there should be more cash spinning off from the joint venture. I don't know, Jason, if you comment--
Jason Fraser: Yes, that's right. With having DGD 3 finish, we'll have excess cash. And they're always looking at new capital projects and maybe they'll find another way to deploy it otherwise, there should be cash coming out. And we do include that in our calculus when we're looking at payout ratios, but I guess that's all I had on it.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from William -- I'm sorry, Matthew Blair of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Good morning everyone. Do you have any early thoughts on the Q1 2023 refining capture rate? It seems like we might want to be just a little conservative here. I think you're refining guidance implies like 86% to 89% utilization. So, probably a heavier turnaround period. And then some other factors like butane blending and octane spreads still good, but looks like they're coming down from Q4 levels. So, I guess, directionally, does that make sense that we want to be more conservative on capture in Q1 and anything else we should consider there?
Lane Riggs: Yes, I don't know that you need to be more conservative on capture rates. Obviously, we have seasonal maintenance. We'd have to look at the material balance and figure out how that actually impacts the sort of the dollars per barrel capture rates. So, I wouldn't jump to conclusion of changes, but appreciably from Q4 to Q1, both quarters, you're blending butane both quarters, you have fairly wide sour discounts. So, I don't -- we'll just have to see how that plays out. But obviously, we have some maintenance occurring, our turnaround were occurring in Q1 and that's normal for us. That's -- when we do turn around, this is a heavy quarter for us versus the rest of the year.
Matthew Blair: Got it. And then for DGD, how should we think about the feedstock mix going forward? Your old guidance was one-third fat, one-third corn oil, one-third uco [ph], but you started up DGD 3 and your partners acquired production. So, it seems like we might want to inch up maybe a little bit on the fat compared to that one-third guidance, maybe inch down on the uco, is that fair? And do you have anything more specific on that?
Rich Walsh: Well, I guess, we don't normally get into that level of detail on feeds. What I would say is the whole DGD platform is big for waste oils. And so it's always going to favor the and tallows and inedible corn oil over other feeds from a CI standpoint. So how each of those individual feedstocks play is always – that's very dynamic. And the thing I'd say is what we do see, maybe just to add some color, is we are running a lot more of international feedstocks, both coming from Darling as well as just more broadly in the world. So – and those are waste oils. We ran some veg oil in the fourth quarter because as we spoke earlier, the prices of it became attractive. But going forward, I think it's always going to be some mix of those three waste oils as the most attractive feeds.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing no additional questions in queue at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. I appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, if you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thanks, everyone, and have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report strong financial results for the third quarter, credited to our safe and reliable operational performance and continued strength in refining fundamentals. Refining margins remain supported by strong product demand, low product inventories and continued energy cost advantages for US refineries compared to global competitors. Despite high refinery utilization rates, global product supply remains constrained due to roughly four million barrels per day of global refining capacity being taken permanently off-line since 2020 for a variety of reasons, including unfavorable economics or as part of planned conversions to produce low carbon fuels. Product demand across our system remains strong, with gasoline and diesel demand higher than pre-pandemic levels, and jet fuel demand steadily approaching 2019 levels. Our refining utilization increased to 95% in the third quarter as we continue to maximize refining throughput. Our refining system also benefited from wider sour crude oil differentials to the Brent light sweet crude oil benchmark. The wider sour crude oil differentials are attributed to increased sour crude oil supply, the impact of the IMO 2020 regulation for lower sulfur marine fuels and high natural gas prices in Europe that incentivize European refiners to process sweet crude oils in lieu of sour crude oils. And we remain on track with our refining growth projects that reduce cost and improve margin capture. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's throughput capacity, while also improving turnaround efficiency, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. In our renewable diesel segment, we continue to optimize our operations, setting another sales volume record in the third quarter. The new DGD 3 renewable diesel plant, located next to our Port Arthur refinery, is currently in the start-up process and is expected to be operational in November. The completion of this 470 million gallons per year plant is expected to increase DGD's total annual capacity to approximately 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. And for our other low-carbon fuel opportunities, the BlackRock and Navigators carbon sequestration pipeline project is progressing on schedule and is expected to begin start-up activities in late 2024. We're expecting to be the anchor shipper with eight of our ethanol plants connected to this system, which should provide a lower carbon intensity ethanol product and generate higher product margins. And we continue to evaluate other low-carbon opportunities such as sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. On the financial side, our strong balance sheet remains a cornerstone of our capital allocation framework. In the third quarter, we reduced our debt by an additional $1.25 billion, bringing our total debt reduction to approximately $3.6 billion since incurring $4 billion of incremental debt during the height of the pandemic in 2020. And we will continue to further evaluate deleveraging opportunities going forward. Looking ahead, refining fundamentals remain strong as global product supply remains constrained due to capacity reductions and high natural gas prices in Europe, which are setting a higher floor on margins. In addition, we continue to realize the benefit from discounted sour crude oil and fuel oil feedstocks in our system. While geopolitical and macroeconomic factors may drive volatility in the market, we remain focused on what we can control, maximizing refinery utilization in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner to provide essential products. We also remain committed to advancing the growth of our low carbon fuels businesses to increase profitability and further strengthen our competitive advantage. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the third quarter of 2022, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.8 billion or $7.19 per share, compared to $463 million or $1.13 per share for the third quarter of 2021. Adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.8 billion or $7.14 per share for the third quarter of 2022, compared to $545 million or $1.33 per share for the third quarter of 2021. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the earnings release and the accompanying financial tables. The refining segment reported $3.8 billion of operating income for the third quarter of 2022 compared to $835 million for the third quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter of 2021 was $911 million. Refining throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2022 averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was 141,000 barrels per day higher than the third quarter of 2021. Throughput capacity utilization was 95% in the third quarter of 2022, compared to 91% in the third quarter of 2021. Refining cash operating expenses of $5.48 per barrel in the third quarter of 2022 were $0.95 per barrel higher than the third quarter of 2021, primarily attributed to higher natural gas prices. Renewable diesel segment operating income was $212 million for the third quarter of 2022, compared to $108 million for the third quarter of 2021. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 2.2 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2022, which was 1.6 million gallons per day higher than the third quarter of 2021. The higher sales volumes were due to DGD 1 downtime in the third quarter of 2021, resulting from Hurricane Ida, and the impact of additional volumes from DGD 2, which started up in the fourth quarter of 2021. The ethanol segment reported $1 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2022, compared to a $44 million operating loss for the third quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter of 2021 was $4 million. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.5 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2022. For the third quarter of 2022, G&A expenses were $214 million and net interest expense was $138 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $632 million and income tax expense was $816 million for the third quarter of 2022. The effective tax rate was 22%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2 billion in the third quarter of 2022. Excluding the unfavorable change in working capital of $1.5 billion, which was primarily due to our third quarter estimated tax payment and the other joint venture member share of DGD's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $3.4 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $602 million of capital investments in the third quarter of 2022, of which $185 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $417 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members share of DGD and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $479 million in the third quarter of 2022. Moving to financing activities. Year-to-date, we have returned 40% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders through dividends and stock buybacks, which is consistent with our guidance to be at the low end of our annual 40% to 50% target payout ratio, while focusing on deleveraging our balance sheet. With respect to our balance sheet, we completed another debt reduction transaction in the third quarter that reduced Valero's debt by $1.25 billion. As Joe noted earlier, this transaction, combined with a series of debt reduction and refinancing transactions since the second half of 2021, have collectively reduced Valero's debt by approximately $3.6 billion. We ended the quarter with $9.6 billion of total debt, $1.9 billion of finance lease obligations and $4 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents, was approximately 24%, down from the pandemic high of 40% at the end of March 2021, which was largely the result of the debt incurred during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $4.9 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2022 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of that amount is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. About half of the growth capital in 2022 is allocated to expanding our low carbon fuels businesses. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.73 million to 1.78 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 460,000 to 480,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 250,000 to 270,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $5.10 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 750 million gallons in 2022 with the anticipated start-up of DGD 3 in November. Operating expenses in 2022 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.1 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0. 05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $640 million. For 2022, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $870 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, please adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Joe, I wonder if I could take the opportunity to ask just your views on a couple of big picture macro issues. I mean, in the quarter, your operational performance speaks for itself. I'm obviously delighted to see the cash returns back with the buyback. But my question, I guess, is your visit to the White House recently and your thoughts on the possibility of an export ban, product export ban that seems to be still rumbling on the table. So any color you are comfortable sharing there would be my first comment. And then my second question, if I may, maybe it's for Lane or one of the guys. But you did make a comment in your results about a higher floor on margins. I'm just wondering, I think you know our view on this, I'm wondering if you could elaborate on what you're trying to imply from that commentary? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: No, Doug, that's great. Both good questions. So on the visit to the White House, Lane and I went in and of course, there were seven companies, I think, represented there. We ended up meeting with Secretary Granholm. And I would say that it was a constructive conversation. She was looking for things that the industry might suggest that would try to bring down the cost of fuels. And so we did, we provided her with several suggestions, which would have an effect on increasing the supply of fuel into the marketplace. Thus far, I don't believe any of those have been embraced, but at least it was put on the table for her to give it some consideration to. And so the team that we have involved in the process continues to work with her team. So the dialogue has continued. I know that our DC office has spent quite a bit of time continuing to work with them. And then, of course, the supply folks back here also have been involved in those conversations. So the dialogue continues, and I think they're looking for just additional opportunities that they might have to reduce the fuel price. So Rich, is there anything you would add to that, you or Lane?
Rich Walsh: No, I don't think so. I mean, I think they understand the consequences of trying to disrupt market flows. And I think they realized that would probably be more harmful than helpful. And so I think that understanding is there. So I know they're looking at a lot of options, but I think that's the understanding they have from the industry at least.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. So that's as it relates to the potential ban on exports, Doug. I mean, I do think they understand the consequences of that. And I think the general consensus is, it wouldn't have the effect that they're trying to achieve. And then you want to take the second question?
Lane Riggs: Yeah, sure. Doug, it's Lane. From a work process, we define the mid-cycle as being the average margin of a few tweaks that we think are market anomalies that go through the entire business cycle. So we're not through the next business cycle yet, but we do believe structurally, you've had interperiod where we've had refinery closures through the pandemic. You're going to have probably not as much investment in the fossil fuel industry, in particular, refining going forward at the time when everybody is trying to understand exactly how the balances are going to work. But our view is will be a higher call on refining capacity. So we don't -- we're not prepared to quantify that, but we do believe the next mid-cycle will be higher than the last mid-cycle.
Doug Leggate: Guys, forgive me for the quick follow-up, but there's a lot of concern, I guess, of Chinese exports hitting the market, and obviously new capacity expansion, Lane. So I just wonder if you could throw that into your consideration. Is that a concern for you guys in that definition of mid-cycle? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: There has been a talk about -- we've seen some increases with respect to -- at least, on the prompt that the Chinese are picking up purchases, but I don't know that we've really seen them in the market on products that much. I'm looking at Gary, by the way.
Gary Simmons: No. I think our traders believe most of the Chinese exports are going to stay in the region. And then, even if you kind of assume some of it comes into the North Atlantic Basin, in the short term, the French refinery strikes are really offsetting any of that. And longer term, it looks like, to us, any incremental volume coming out of China will be offset by further reductions in exports from Russia as the sanctions are ramped up.
Lane Riggs: And then on a longer-term basis, just whether Europeans and North America and everyone else is sort of under ESG pressure aren't really trying to increase refining capacity. So if there is a region of the world that's going to raise refining capacity, that will probably be India and China.
Doug Leggate: Thank you, guys. Appreciate the answers.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Royall of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So you talked about bulletproofing your balance sheet in the prior quarter, and you mentioned evaluating further reductions in your prepared remarks. How much lower would you like to get on your leverage before you kind of get to that bulletproof level where you can move off the low end of the 40% to 50% returns, or do you think you're already there?
Joe Gorder: John, that's a good question. We'll let Jason take a swack at it here.
Jason Fraser: Yes, yes. As we've been talking about, we're still working on paying down our COVID debt. We have about $432 million left to have paid off the full $4 billion after accounting for the tender offer we did in this third quarter. So we're working our debt down with -- and let's see on the cash side, we're at a $4 billion cash balance, we talked about how, going forward, we like to hold more cash at $3 billion to $4 billion probably on the base level. But if you're looking at potentially higher flat price levels or economic downturn, you maybe want to hold a little bit more. So we bias to the upper end of that. So we're close to a good spot on both of those. On a long-term debt to cap -- net debt to cap, we have a 20% to 30% range that we target. We're at 24.5% now at the end of the third quarter, down from 40% at the highest point toward COVID. So we've been working in the right direction. I'd like to be even lower, you'd like to be at the 20% range to give you more financial flexibility going forward. So that's kind of an overview.
Joe Gorder: So we're getting close.
Jason Fraser: Yes.
Joe Gorder: To the point where, I mean, the low end of the range wouldn't necessarily be the target anymore.
John Royall: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then, maybe you could talk about refining captures and how they're looking so far in 4Q. I know we have, at least in October, a rising price environment, but also you're seeing some tailwinds from heavy dips. So any color there just generally would be helpful.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. The heavy dips are baked into our margin indicators to some degree. So those will move with it. I think, and all things being equal, when you compare the third quarter to the fourth quarter, and this is really in any given year, you'll see a blending of butane benefit. So if you hold all the other things constant, our capture rates are a bit marginally improved because of -- we're going to be on more butane in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. And, obviously, if flat price moves up or down, byproducts have enough to effect. So those are all still intact. But your biggest contribution to margin capture really is gasoline and diesel. So we'll just see. But the main thing to always keep in mind going from third quarter to fourth quarter is blending and butane.
John Royall: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please, go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about your comments related to demand across your footprint first. Your wholesale volumes being very strong through last quarter, and currently, when you talk about demand surpassing 2019 levels for gasoline and diesel, is that primarily driven by strengthening your export channels? Is domestic demand in your areas of service equally strong? I'd like to get a sense of what's happening there.
Gary Simmons: Hi, Theresa, this is Gary. Really, it's the domestic markets and our wholesale volumes have trended considerably higher. We set a wholesale volume record in August. We beat that in September, and we're on pace to beat it again in October. So wholesale volumes continue to trend higher. If you look at the pump market through our wholesale channels of trade, gasoline is trending about 8% above where we were pre-pandemic levels. Diesel volumes are trending about 32% above where we were pre-pandemic levels. So seeing really strong domestic demand through our wholesale channels of trade.
Theresa Chen: Got it. Thank you. And in relation to the high European natural gas prices supporting higher margins. Given the recent decline in TTF and our natural gas storage over 93% full, lowering that Henry Hub to TTF spread. Do you see any risk for a pullback of margins as a result over the near term, while longer term, I imagine just depends on the pace of liquefaction build-out.
Lane Riggs: But I'll try, I'll take a shot at it, and I've seen Gary, again, in sort of my comments. We still need to reinventory the Atlantic Basin with diesel. By and large, we're still -- when you look at stocks, they're slow. Most of what's happening in Europe when you have all these LNG ships that are sort of floating down, you still are limited on the regasification of everything. So we'll just have to see how it plays out. But certainly in the last couple of weeks, at least for our Pembroke refinery, natural gas prices have fallen.
Theresa Chen: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please, go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Good morning, everybody.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Sam. 
Sam Margolin: So we definitely see evidence, everybody does, of this structurally higher margin environment. But more than just kind of through cycle margins being higher, the market is also sort of characterized by anomalies like a very high frequency of sort of regional blowouts or single commodity events within the stream. And I was wondering if you could just maybe speak broadly to that, not to ask too open ended of a question, but just is that -- are things like this a function of kind of capacity coming down globally, or just a very tight market on an underlying basis, or is it is really just a coincidence where we've had kind of a bunch of one-off things happen in sequence and that might not necessarily be a go-forward trend?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think some of it is structural. I think, as Joe alluded to in his opening, we had a lot of refinery rationalization, refining capacity converted to produce low carbon fuels. And so, much tighter supply-demand balances, which structurally means a stronger market. Some of the things you talked about on market dislocation could be more transient in nature. A lot of that is just a function of very, very low product inventories, especially in the domestic markets. I think we feel like through the winter period of time, you could see some restocking of gasoline, which could prevent some of those market dislocations from happening, at least in the short term. Diesel, on the other hand, looks to us to be -- remain very, very tight, and I think you'll continue to see volatility in the markets due to very low inventory.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just a follow-up on DGD and the start up timing. You know, in the past, when you guys start up a DGD unit, we can see feedstock prices or the veg oil complex, sort of, respond. And this year, I don't know if it's a timing issue where it hasn't really started yet in earnest or if the market has just adjusted to that demand ahead of time. But it seems like the feedstock environment has tolerated new starting capacity a little bit better than in the past, if you have any thoughts about just DGD 3 into the feedstock background that would be helpful?
Eric Fisher: Yes, this is Eric. I think, what your observations are correct. We are not seeing the increase in feedstock prices like we did with DGD 2 this time last year. Thinking about some cases of that, I think some of it is given refining margins, the conversion projects that had been announced, I think, have largely been deferred or delayed. And with the drop in LCFS prices, I think a lot of the projects have been deferred and delayed. So if you look, we just not -- we have not seen the increase in feedstock prices like we did last year with DGD 3 starting up. And we have bought feedstock for the start-up in this quarter.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thank you so much. Have a great day.
Eric Fisher: Sam.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe one follow-up immediately on Diamond Green Diesel. You've been in a pretty rapid expansion mode at DGD over the last couple of years. With the start-up of DGD 3, will you take a pause here to, kind of, digest and evaluate for market conditions for a bit, or how do you think about the strategic direction of Diamond Green Diesel unit over the next five years in terms of priorities there?
Lane Riggs: Yes. I think, like we've talked about this quarter and last quarter, LCFS prices continue to drop. And I think that is taking a lot of the fun away in this space. And so as you look across the industry, a lot of projects are getting deferred and delayed. And given the high energy prices across the world, everyone is kind of rethinking a lot of their policies. So we have to, especially, in Europe you have to step back and see, are they going to continue the path and pace that they have been on historically? So I think after DGD 3, we've said, we will pause, reassess the market. I think SAF is becoming a lot more interesting. But overall, I think there will be a pause after DGD 3.
Ryan Todd: Yeah. Thanks. And then maybe you mentioned it briefly in passing earlier, and I know it's a little speculative, but any thoughts on how you think trade routes and supply chains get impacted if you expand on Russian product imports goes into effect early next year? Is there a logical home for some of that Russian product to make its way to someplace else, South America or Africa, et cetera, or do you think those Russian barrels just kind of go away and refining utilization falls dramatically there?
Lane Riggs: Our view is that you will see a reduction in Russian exports of primarily diesel. They export a little bit of naphtha, not much gasoline. But on the diesel side, you will see a reduction in exports. You do have the potential for some of those barrels to find homes in South America and Africa, as you mentioned. But we, kind of, believe diplomatic pressures from the US and from Europe will, kind of, keep a lot of that from happening, and you will see a reduction in exports from Russia.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi, guys. Can you hear me okay?
Joe Gorder: Morning Paul.
Paul Sankey: Can you hear me, Joe?
Joe Gorder: Yes, sir, we can.
Paul Sankey: Cool. Can you talk a little bit about the strategic petroleum reserve release? Joe, you mentioned a few things that made SPR crude discounts wider, but my understanding was a lot of the drawdown in the SPR was crude. I was just wondering how much the SPR has affected you, I guess, operationally and from a profit point of view and what your outlook is for the coming months. I would assume that you're anticipating that we taper and even start reducing the crude. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So really, what we saw is with each of the SPR options, we have good logistics at our Gulf Coast assets to be able to receive the barrels. A lot of people really don't have the logistics in place to be able to take those barrels. So, certainly, early on, they were more sour barrels, and we took a good volume of the SPR volume as it transition to more sweeter. We still saw value in our system to take those barrels and we would expect that to continue moving forward as long as they're offering the barrels.
Paul Sankey: I know you're anticipating continuing drawdowns through, let's say, 2023, or do you think they will have to start convention?
Lane Riggs: I think you'll continue to see drawdowns at least through this year and then start to see some restocking happen next year.
Paul Sankey: Great. Thanks a lot. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Connor Lynagh of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks. I wanted to return to a topic that you mentioned briefly earlier, which is the suggestion that you made to the administration on potential pathways for reducing fuel costs. I'm curious if you could just provide a little color on the things that the industry suggested.
Joe Gorder: Well, Lane and I were both there. So, do you want to talk about it first?
Lane Riggs: Sure. I think -- yes, this is Lane. So I think the -- there's two main ones, which was one was increasing or relaxing the sulfur spec on fuels. Many of the US refiners didn't necessarily invest, and it looks like either making ultra-low sulfur diesel as much as maybe some others or Tier 3 gasoline. So, consequently, they're in a posture of having to export some of those -- some gasoline and some diesel to markets around the world that can handle the sulfur. So, that was really, I think, the two big ones. I mean, obviously, a part of that meeting was meant to see if there was any possibility if somebody could start a refinery up and we discuss -- the industry discuss the difficulty in doing that and that was really the main coming ones.
Joe Gorder: I mean, yes, waving specs really on products was what we talked about. The one interesting thing, Connor, that came out of it, too, was there was consideration for the ability to restart refining capacity that had been shut down. And I think the general sentiment was that, that wasn't going to happen. Of course, we're not in that boat. But I mean, people had very good reasons for making the decisions that they made, and they weren't in a position to unwind those decisions. So, the solution is going to probably have to come from some waving of regulation or just reduction in demand, which we just haven't seen to-date.
Connor Lynagh: Makes sense. Semi-related policy question, just given that the Inflation Reduction Act is maybe had a bit of time to be digested by the market or players out there that you talk to. What types of opportunities are you seeing as more likely or more in the money with the incentives in that bill?
Rich Walsh: This is Rich Walsh. I'll take just a high-level effort on it and then, kind of, give you an idea. I mean, we're really -- we're focusing on a number of things. One is that they have clean energy tax credits in there that are enacted, that are really an extension of the BTC, the Blender's Tax Credit, which is helpful to us. There's also tax credits there for sustainable aviation fuel. And I think Eric had mentioned earlier, that makes it more interesting for us to look at. And, additionally, there's additions for the 45Q tax credit, which we think strongly supports carbon sequestration, and we think you're going to see more opportunities to develop around that.
Connor Lynagh: Okay. Got it. I’ll turn it back here. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please, go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, hopefully, short. First one is for Lane. I think, back in the first quarter conference call, you gave a number of $8 in the diesel crack advantage for US refiner versus Europe, because of the natural gas price gap. And at the time, you're using, say, you need is $25 gap. Since then, we have seen the European refiner essentially cut their natural gas consumption by half. So curious that, is there an updated number you can share? And is it -- we need that cut from $8 to $4 just linear or that we can't really do in that way? Secondly, that -- and also that, if you can give us what is your natural gas exposure by operating region for you guys? The second question is on DGD. I think that the joint venture so forward on the diesel contract as a part of the hedge operation. So in a backwardation curve you had heard -- in the third quarter, I think the backwardation curve is substantially less than second quarter. So we were surprised your margin capture didn't improve comparing you to your benchmark indicator. Is there anything going on we should be aware that lead to that or anything -- any insight you can provide? Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul. So, that was -- yes, I'll try to come back to that first question a little bit. But you're accurate in what I had stated in the first quarter. Today, what we're seeing, at least in our Pembroke refineries, natural gas prices have fallen. But I think what you're seeing in the Atlantic Basin, you're seeing in the diesel crack, is the advantage is lower, but you still have a wide diesel crack. And that's because a lot of the refineries that are having, that sort of reinventory the Atlantic Basin, are looking to running a lot of sweeter crudes, because they can't meet the fuel oil spec, right? So they end up bidding up in the industry, or at least the marginal guy out there is bidding up the sort of the low sulfur crude price to try to meet the demand in the Atlantic Basin. So -- and you're seeing that in discount, you're seeing medium sour getting cheaper, you're seeing heavy sour getting cheaper. Part of that is also a function of redirection of all the Russian trade flow. So that's really in terms of a prompt basis, what's driving the heat crack. I don't know that Europe solved this natural gas problem. We're just going to see. There's a lot of tankers sitting offshore trying to regas. And so we'll just see how that goes. Eric, do you want to...
Paul Cheng: Lane, before you go on that one. I'm just curious that, I mean, is the advantage US refiner versus Europe on the natural gas price gap, does it impact that advantage when the European refiner cut their natural gas consumption, or that doesn't really -- that's not how it should be calculated or be in?
Joe Gorder: What I'm saying is versus the fourth quarter first quarter really up until about three weeks ago, there was an advantage that you could see they were paying higher cost of fuel. We could also see, when we use our Pembroke Refinery as a proxy, we were through that, right? In other words, even though now we eliminated all of our natural gas purchases, but what we could see was the profitability or at least your ability to -- it was setting the marginal capacity out there in the Atlantic Basin. It's not so much around natural gas, I don't think today. I think what it is, is people are having to buy a very low sulfur crude oil to try to meet the low sulfur diesel spec and trying to avoid making a higher fuel oil spec. So in a simple term, some of it is being driven by IMO 2020 and the ability of some of these simple refiners can't deal with the crude oils that are available to them to restock the Atlantic Basin.
Paul Cheng: I see. So you actually don't think that the natural gas is driving the advantage at all?
Joe Gorder: Well, what I'm trying -- this is just a three-week phenomena, Paul. I'm not sure I would jump out there and try to make it an annualized thing. I'm just saying, I think most of the -- for the last quarter, a lot of is just being driven by the marginal economics of a simple refiner trying to buy -- having to buy low sulfur crudes to meet the Atlantic Basin diesel requirements.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: All right, Eric, you're ready?
Eric Fisher: Yes. So on DGD, what you said is correct, that backwardation was less severe in the third quarter than the second quarter. So the margin capture issue in the third quarter was more related to the feedstock slate that we ran. And as before, where we said we haven't seen an increase in feedstock prices we did see, and this is a little bit of a function of the margin indicator. We saw – see by [ph] soybean prices drop $0.05 to $0.15 a pound below all of the waste oil feedstocks. And when you look at that through the third quarter, that was about 80% of the impact on the margin capture. So it's really related to what we're seeing is veg oils pricing at or below waste oil feedstocks. And so the only thing I would say going forward to be aware of, we are increasing the amount of veg oil that we are running in the DGD complex, not because waste oils are not available, just because we see flat prices of veg oils coming down to a point where the LCFS advantages are not as strong versus what we see in waste oils. So we are implementing veg oil into DGD because we see those prices are attractive.
Paul Cheng: Eric, do you have a percentage? How much is the vegetable oil you're going to run in the DGD 3?
Eric Fisher: Yes. We're not going to give out that level of detail. What I'll say is, up until the fourth quarter, we ran essentially zero veg oil. So we're incrementing veg oil into the units because of this attractive price.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Eric, Thank you.
Eric Fisher: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Hey. Hello, everybody. Good morning.
Eric Fisher: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: Maybe just to come back to the cash returns to shareholders question. We're getting a lot of interest on not just the 40% to 60% return, but how are you thinking about the split between those? And when should we think about potential to raise the dividend? Is it as simple as you get rid of the $4 billion that came with COVID? Or is there a step beyond that you want to see? And I think the question is growing more acute because as you look at the overall crack spread environment, right, it's one that says you're earning above a typical mid-cycle, so kind of an expectation, I think, here of greater than mid-cycle cash returns to shareholders is pushing on us. I'm just curious how you're thinking about it.
Jason Fraser: This is Jason. I think, Joe answered it pretty well. I'll ran through our cash. We were up to $4 billion now, which is getting to where we'd like to be. The debt is getting to a good level at 24.5%. We still like to do a little bit more. We have 430 left just to have paid-off the COVID and prefer to be at the lower end of that 20% to 30% range. But, yes, we're getting in a good shape, but I would say we're not declaring victory yet.
Joe Gorder: Roger, it's -- and Jason answered correctly. We don't know the economic climate is going to be like going into next year. It's probably premature to certainly to make a commitment right now on anything that we're going to use the balance sheet to defend. And I think everyone clearly could see that we had stated in the past that we were going to defend the dividend with the balance sheet, and we did that. And we will do that in the future. And so we just want to be sure that we don't need your care and then we've got a line of sight that we get a position where we want to be positioned. And then we have line of sight to the way things look going into next year before we would make that decision. But I do think we've got the flywheel of the buybacks, and we talked about maybe not moving up above. And by the way, it's 40% to 50%, okay? You took us up to 60%. I didn't notice that, okay? But it's 40% to 50%. And we'll see. We'll use that flywheel to drive the returns.
Roger Read: Hey, got to try something here and there, and you know that's right. All right, well, let me try something else more on the kind of the operational side. You brought it up as there is obviously a risk of a slowing economic cycle out there. What level would you think about a typical recession impact in terms of fuel demand, recognizing gasoline is already well below what we would call, kind of, a normal environment. So let's maybe think about diesel since that's the real strong part. When you think about industrial demand weakness, transportation-related weakness, right, whether it's just typical trucking, et cetera, how does that factor in? Like what, kind of, would you expect to see a couple of hundred thousand barrels go away? Is it a 10% sort of, cut top to bottom? I'm just wondering how you think about the typical magnitude impact of a recession on fuel demand.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger, this is Gary. I guess as the guys have, kind of, gone back and looked at recessionary period in the past, they see their product demand has hit about two times GDP. So whatever GDP assumption you're going to have, you would take twice that on the impact of fuel demand. And as you mentioned, more of that is going to be diesel, less on gasoline. I think there are some unique situations as we head into next year. One, jet demand hasn't fully recovered. And so you'll have a good increase in jet demand as we would anticipate, and then Chinese oil demand has been down 20%. At some point in time, they will come out of the pandemic, and you would expect to see Chinese demand recover. So the combination of both those things is that we would expect, even with the typical recessionary period, you may see year-over-year global oil demand growth.
Roger Read: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team. First question is just around the high sulfur fuel oil market, and we're seeing these big heavy discounts showing up in the market. I love your perspective on, what do you think is driving it? How much of that really is the later impacts of IMO versus other dynamics in the market? And are you changing your configuration in refining at all to run some of that high sulfur fuel oil into the cokers? Are you doing it more through WCS and so forth?
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So this is Gary. As Joe touched on a few of these things, but there's a number of factors that have been really driving the heavy sour discounts. First, the sanctions put on Russia have caused some rebalancing. A lot of the Indian and Chinese refiners are running euros. It's backed up Mars and heavy Canadian into the Gulf, which are driving those discounts wider, which we talked about the higher prices of natural gas around the world caused the operating expenses running heavy and medium sours to be higher. So that causes the discounts to be wider. There's a higher naphtha content in heavy Canadian crude. Naphtha has been discounted, so that drives the discounts wider. We've seen some unplanned maintenance in the US, which has also contributed. But overall, I think we continue to see weakness in high sulfur fuel oil, combined with higher refinery utilization, putting more product on the market. So some of that, what we expected in IMO 2020, we're finally starting to see in the market. The lack of Chinese demand is certainly also contributing to that. So for us, when we look at the market going forward, seasonal maintenance in Western Canada is coming to an end. You'll see higher diluent volumes as we head into winter. So all of that's putting more heavy Canadian on the market. We expect to see even more rebalancing occur as sanctions are ramped up in Russia. And so we expect this market to continue. We're certainly maximizing heavy Canadian in our system today and seeing a lot of opportunity to buy those high sulfur fuel in stocks, as you mentioned that we're putting to our cokers.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. And the other question is you guys have really built a wonderful business here through organically. Really haven't done much M&A in the better part of the last decade. And just your perspective on whether, as you look forward, are there bolt-on M&A opportunities as we are seeing some A&D in the downstream markets and in low carbon markets, or do you want to continue to build the business on an organic basis?
Joe Gorder: Neil, we're very comfortable with the approach we've taken to building the business. I mean, we went through the period, of course, where we grew the business. And frankly, bolted on a lot of stuff to the portfolio, which we now have largely operating to a level that we're comfortable with. And so we're very comfortable with the refining portfolio that we have in place today. We always look at opportunities that are out there, and we'll continue to do that. But the strategy that we've employed with really directing a significant part of the capital budget to the renewables businesses has made sense to us. We believe that they're very durable as is refining. But we're very comfortable with that approach, and we are comfortable with the way we've gone about doing it, which is certainly in the renewable diesel business from the ground up. So I think you should expect that we're not going to jump into the market for any kind of significant transaction. And we'll continue to do what we're doing.
Neil Mehta: Makes tone of sense. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one kind of on near-term dynamics. Just thinking into 4Q, I was hoping you could discuss a couple of things. One, impacts to capture with the start-up of DGD 3, the ability to capture strong West Coast cracks in October, gasoline margins were over $100 a barrel. And then any impacts from the Mississippi River drought that you saw in your footprint that could be ongoing? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Gary Simmons: You want to start with DGD 3? Okay. On DGD 3, margin capture, I think, will be challenged. One of the details of this business is when you first start up a brand-new unit, we have to start up on temporary pathways that are somewhat generic to renewable diesel units. You got to run like that for the first several months until you gather the data to get your actual carbon intensity numbers. So margin capture on DGD 3 will be lower initially as we start up because you have to line out, get in, like I said, get the data to then cement your actual CI numbers. So I think that will be one of the main issues as we started DGD 3. So we'll certainly get volume, we'll certainly get more overall income. But if you look at it through the margin indicator or on a dollar per gallon basis on temporary CIs for the first several months, it will be lower. But that will line out in the back half of 2023 as we submit our data and get responses from all the different jurisdictions that you have to submit your CI numbers, too.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. On California, we have been executing a turnaround at our Benicia refinery, some of which the turnaround was in the third quarter, and we'll be wrapping up here in the fourth quarter. So to the extent we still maximize gasoline, even to the extent we could, based on the operating posture we had for this turnaround, and we'll make the brand at full rate. So that's really -- so we'll just see how the fourth quarter wraps up with respect to the gasoline crack in the West Coast.
Gary Simmons: I guess, the final one around Memphis, the river levels have been impacting us at our Memphis refinery, both the ability to clear the refinery and supply the river terminals. As of this morning, both northbound and southbound traffic out on the river is wide open, expected to be there for the next couple of weeks and we expect the situation to improve.
Jason Gabelman: Great. Thanks. That colors are really helpful to think about 4Q. And then the other one just on low carbon opportunities within your portfolio. In addition to the DGD venture, you also have an ethanol business, and it seems like with the carbon capture project that you're installing there and the Inflation Reduction Act, maybe ethanol to jet is a technology that makes sense, particularly given weaker ethanol margins. Is that something that you're looking at either to complement any SAF growth you would pursue within DGD or as an alternative investment instead of pursuing SAF near-term within DGD? Thanks.
Jason Fraser: Yeah. So that's definitely something on the radar for us. As you said, ethanol carbon, carbon captured ethanol will be eligible to get into SAF. And given our footprint and our Navigator project, it will be in – SAF is a possibility with that ethanol product post-sequestration. So it's definitely sort of a somebody on the radar to look at sort of post 2025 when Navigator comes online.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we're showing time for a final question. The final question today is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I just had one question on the DGD guidance. If I heard it correctly, it was still $750 million for the year, which I believe implies that Q4 volumes to be lower quarter-over-quarter despite starting up a new plant in November. Could you help us understand that? Is that just being a little conservative around the start-up, or is there a turnaround at the DGD 1 or DGD 2 that we should be keeping in mind?
Jason Fraser: It's a little conservative. We are in start of the DGD 3. The plan is to ramp to full rates in November. So if you added that volume in, it will come in higher than the $750 million. But we're still lining the unit out and have yet to put feed into the Echo finer. So we won't know that detail until mid-November or so. So from a guidance standpoint, we decided to keep the guidance at $750 million. It's proven that we see that rate.
Matthew Blair: That sounds good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over for closing comments.
End of Q&A:
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thank you, Donna. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you, everyone, and have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relation. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our Web site at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that our team maximized refining run rates in the second quarter, while executing our long-standing commitment to safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible operations. In fact, we've been increasing throughput since 2020, as demand recovered along with the easing of COVID-19 pandemic restrictions. Our refinery utilization rate increased from the pandemic low of 74% in the second quarter of 2020, to 94% in the second quarter of 2022. Refining margins in the second quarter were supported by continued strength in product demand, coupled with low product inventories and continued energy cost advantage for U.S. refineries compared to global competitors. Product supply is constrained as a result of significant refinery capacity rationalization that was triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic, driving the shutdown of marginal refineries and conversion of several refineries to product low-carbon fuels. In addition, the Russia-Ukraine conflict intensified the supply tightness with less Russian products in the global market. However, product demand has been strong due to the summer driving season and pent up demand for travel. Valero continues to maximize refinery throughput to help supply the market at this time when global product inventories are at historically low levels. Our low-carbon Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments also performed well in the quarter. The Renewable Diesel segment had record production volumes as the DGD expansion, DGD 2 ramped up to full capacity. On the strategic front, we remain on track with our growth projects that reduced costs and improve margin capture. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's throughput capacity, while also improving turnaround efficiency, is expected to be completed in the first-half of 2023. As for low-carbon projects, the DGD 3 renewable diesel project, located next to our Port Arthur refinery, is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2022. The completion of this 470 million gallon per year plan is expected to nearly double DGD's total annual capacity to approximately 1.2. billion gallons of renewable diesel, and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. BlackRock and Navigator's carbon sequestration project is progressing on schedule, and is expected to begin startup activities in late-2024. We're expected to be the anchor shipper, with eight of our ethanol plants connected to this system, which should provide a lower carbon-intensity ethanol product, and generate higher product margins. And we continue to evaluate other low-carbon opportunities, such as sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen, and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. On the financial side, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet, and an investment-grade credit rating. We incurred $4 billion of incremental debt in 2020 during the low-margin environment resulting from the pandemic. Since then, we've reduced our debt by $2.3 billion, including a $300 million reduction in June, and will evaluate further de-leveraging opportunities going forward. In summary, we remain focused on safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible operations, and on maximizing system throughput to provide the essential products that the world needs. And we continue to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage through refining optimization projects, and to grow our business through innovative low carbon fuels that enhance the margin capability of our portfolio. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the second quarter of 2022, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $4.7 billion or $11.57 per share compared to $162 million or $0.39 per share for the second quarter of 2021. Adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $4.6 billion or $11.36 per share for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $260 million or $0.63 per share for the second quarter of 2021. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the earnings release and the accompanying financial tables. The refining segment reported $6.2 billion of operating income for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $349 million for the second quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income was $6.1 billion for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $442 million for the second quarter of 2021. Refining throughput volumes in the second quarter of 2022 averaged $3 million barrels per day, which was 127,000 barrels per day higher than the second quarter of 2021. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the second quarter of 2022 compared to 90% in the second quarter of 2021. Refining cash operating expenses of $5.20 per barrel in the second quarter of 2022 were $1.07 per barrel higher than the second quarter of 2021 primarily attributed to higher natural gas prices. Renewable Diesel segment operating income was $152 million for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $248 million for the second quarter of 2021. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged $2.2 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2022, which was 1.3 million gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2021. The higher sales volumes were attributed to DGD 2's operations which started up in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Ethanol segment reported $101 million of operating income for the second quarter of 2022 compared to $99 million for the second quarter of 2021. Adjusted operating income which primarily excludes the gain from the sale of our Jefferson ethanol plant whose operations were idle than 2020, was $79 million for the second quarter of 2022. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.9 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2022. For the second quarter of 2022, G&A expenses were $233 million and net interest expense was $142 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $602 million, and income tax expense was $1.3 billion for the second quarter of 2022 The effective tax rate was 22%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $5.8 billion in the second quarter of 2022. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $594 million and the other joint venture member 50% share of DGD's net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $5.2 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $653 million of capital investments in the second quarter of 2022. Of which, $298 million was for sustaining the business including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance, and $355 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members, 50% share of DGD and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $524 million in the second quarter of 2022 Moving to financing activities, earlier this month, our Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly common stock dividend of $0.98 per share payable on September 1, to holders of record on August 4. We returned 42% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to our stockholders through dividends and stock buybacks in the quarter, which is at the low-end of our annual 40% to 50% target payout ratio. With respect to our balance sheet, we completed another debt reduction transaction in the second quarter that reduced Valero's debt by $300 million. As Joe already noted, this transaction combined with the debt reduction and refinancing transactions completed in the second-half of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 have collectively reduced Valero's debt by $2.3 billion. We ended the quarter with $10.9 billion of total debt, $2 billion of finance lease obligations, and $5.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents. The debt to capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 25%, down from the pandemic high of 40% at the end of March 2021, which was largely the result of the debt incurred during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. And we ended the quarter well-capitalized with $4.6 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2022 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, and joint venture investments. About 60% of that amount is allocated to sustaining the business, and 40% to growth. About half of the growth capital in 2022 is allocated to expanding our low carbon fuels businesses. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.72 million to 1.77 million barrels per day, Mid Continent at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 255,000 to 275,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 445,000 to 465,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $5.40 per barrel, which is higher than the second quarter, primarily due to higher energy costs. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 750 million gallons in 2022, with the anticipated start up of DGD 3 in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses in 2022 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 3.9 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expense should average $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the third quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $640 million. For 2022, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $870 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today is coming from Manav Gupta of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Guys, I'm going to actually ask only one question, and that is basically can you help us understand the demand dynamics out there? There were some worries on demand destruction, and then there were some worries on recessionary demand. The conversations we are having indicates that's not the case, but you have the most diversified footprint. So, help us understand, gasoline or diesel, what are you seeing in terms of demand out there? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Manav.
Gary Simmons: Manav, this is Gary. I can tell you, through our wholesale channel there is really no indication of any demand destruction. In June, we actually set sales records; we sold 911,000 barrels a day in the month of June, which surpassed our previous record, in August of '18, where we did 904,000 barrels a day. We read a lot about demand destruction and mobility data showing in that range of 3% to 5% demand destruction. Again, we're not seeing in our system. We did see a bit of a lull the first couple of weeks of July, but our seven-day averages now are back to kind of that June level with gasoline at pre-pandemic levels, and diesel continuing to trend above pre-pandemic levels.
Manav Gupta: Thank you, guys, and congrats on a very good quarter.
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Great quarter, team, very impressive.
Joe Gorder: Thanks.
Theresa Chen: In light of the macro developments both on the supply side and the demand side, what are your thoughts about where the mid-cycle crack is at now structurally?
Joe Gorder: You guys want to -- 
Lane Riggs: Well, Theresa, this is Lane, I'll take a crack at it, and Gary can tune me a little bit. But, obviously right now it's significantly above the mid-cycle or at least our view of mid-cycle, and then probably anybody else's, for that matter. But with that said, you got to remember our idea of mid-cycle is we go through an entire economic cycle, i.e., from recession to recession. And so, that's kind of -- it's descriptive and defined, and we work through those numbers with few adjustments. But I think we believe, at least we --- the world seems to be trending in a place where the -- through the next economic cycle for a number of reasons, whether it's just sort of the way the energy transition is working for the lack of investment in fossil fuels. For a number of these types of reasons we sort of see that the -- probably be above what -- where our mid-cycle is today for the next economic cycle.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I agree with what Lane said. Really, our market outlook calls for a prolonged period where we would be above what we currently have as mid-cycle. And there's a number of structural changes. When you talk about high energy costs as a result of higher natural gas costs, in the U.S. we have lower feed stocks cost due to our proximity to crude natural gas. And then you're getting refiners that are now having to pay some form of a carbon tax, which raises their cost as well. So, as long as the supply and demand balances are tight, and there's a call on that capacity, it would be logical to assume it's going to start to reset that mid-cycle level.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And kind of piggyback on Manav's question related to demand, if we do see a period of demand contraction or demand softness, what do you think the risk is at this point for the industry, as a whole, to build overwhelming amounts of inventories given that the refining industry just lived through two-and-a-half years of having to be extremely flexible, shutting down capacity, et cetera, to run through the pandemic.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so, I -- again, kind of referring back to those structural advantages we have in the U.S. on feedstock costs and the energy costs and freight advantages going to South American, we feel like we're in such a strong competitive position even if demand fell here in the United States, we would be able to export volume and be competitive doing that in South America.
Lane Riggs: Well, and this is Lane, and Theresa, to your point, I mean the extreme measures our industry took to deal with the pandemic demand destruction, it's hard to imagine outside of another pandemic the demand destruction where going though a recession would have anything remotely close to that. And obviously, going through the pandemic, quite a bit of capacity was taken offline.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. So, guys, I guess kind of a follow-up on the mid-cycle question, but I'm going to ask it a little differently given your unique insights to this. Pembroke is clearly an insight to what's happening in Europe that, today, I guess is paying somewhere around $60.00 per 1,000 cubic feet of natural gas, so U.K., obviously, is a little lower than that. But when you think about this structural cost advantage of the U.S., which is where we are focused, I guess, on mid-cycle, as opposed to global, what are the dynamics that you're seeing? Is Pembroke making money today? What's its relative competitiveness as a benchmark, let's say, for Europe versus the U.S.?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Doug, it's Lane. So, a very good question, and we sort of talked about this quite a bit in terms of this advantage the United States is having with respect to, obviously, energy prices. Today, Pembroke is doing well; it did particularly well in this past quarter. To give a more of a precise answer around natural gas, you've been mainly paying about $30 to, I don't know, maybe -- to this morning, it was $50, but I mean, per million BTU, but I would say it's more in this $30 range. There's quite a bit of volatility, however the U.K. is a little bit better-positioned than Europe is in terms of the value that they're paying for gas. So, even [there is another step] [Ph] change, and we're not -- we don't refine over there, so we're just sort of reading the same things that you guys are, there's another step change in terms of how much gas is costing in the U.K. versus some of these European refineries that are maybe not in the best situation around natural gas. So, Pembroke is doing well, I mean and -- and so, I wouldn't consider it actually to be at the marginal capacity today. Obviously, the fact that they're doing well means that we're way past them as being somebody like -- even them being the sort of marginal capacity setting out their -- setting the -- mainly the heat crack, so -- 
Doug Leggate: Lane, if I may follow-up real quick, where does Pembroke sit in, to the extent you're prepared to share, on your portfolio cost curve today?
Lane Riggs: Well, today, it's high, right, because of the cost of natural gas. But when you look at them on the other issues, whether it's our -- sort of our -- our cost per barrel or all those out, sort of on an energy-adjusted basis, they're one of the most competitive refineries in Europe, and actually look pretty good on a U.S. basis. And so, I'm not going to give exact precision, but it's a very efficient refinery. They have are very, very competitive in the Atlantic Basin.
Doug Leggate: Okay, thank you. My follow-up, so hopefully a quick one, you've cut your net debt in half over the past year, I guess. I for one, as you know, am delighted to see some cash building on the balance sheet. I'm just curious how you think about bulletproofing your balance sheet versus stepping into, perhaps, your buybacks over the foreseeable future? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jason Fraser: Thanks, Doug, this is Jason, I can take one. We'll be doing basically the same thing we've been doing in the past. Our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. We said when the margins start recovering, we start paying down our debt and build cash as a priority; we made really good progress on both of those fronts. And Joe and Homer mentioned on the debt side, and you mentioned, we had a series of transactions, starting last September running through June 1, where we paid back $2.3 billion of our COVID debts so far. On the cash side, we said we'd planned a whole more given what we experienced through COVID, $3 billion to $4 billion be the range we'd look at. We're now at $5.4 billion with a net debt to cap of 25% at the end of the second quarter. So, we think we're in a good shape on those fronts. Now, our approach to buybacks will continue to be guided by our target payout ration of 40% to 50%, just the net cash from operations. We've remained at the lower-end of the range so far this year given our competing priorities of paying back the debt and building cash. We're at a 42% payout so far this year, so we think we're in good shape, and we'll plan to continue doing more of the same, paying down our debt and honoring our return commitment to the shareholders.
Doug Leggate: All right, guys, I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: You bet, Doug. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Morning, Roger.
Roger Read: Coming back to the demand thing, but maybe a little more of a forward look, distillate was the big surprise kind of in the spring coming out of the winter in Europe. And as we look to this next winter, I mean if you're in Europe it doesn't look like gas gets any cheaper. So, as we think about distillate or fuel oil demand there and the way we're running at this point, in the summer, what do you see as the ways in which incremental diesel can make it into Europe and affect the overall Atlantic Basis margins?
Lane Riggs: Yes, it's going to be a real challenge for us, Roger, to be able to supply a lot more diesel into Europe. If you look, with the U.S. inventories where they are, the industry basically running all-out. We're getting back to where jet demand is recovering in the U.S., which is actually driving ULSD yields down a little bit. So, it's very difficult for me seeing that there's going to be a lot of flow from the U.S. into Europe.
Roger Read: Got you. And then as a follow-up on the 40% to 50% payout ratio, pre-COVID there were a number of times you ran well above that level. Now that we're in a situation where it looks like better than mid-cycle, cracks are going to persist for a while, you want to hold more cash. Do you see this as a situation where you may undershoot or kind of consistently stay at the low-end, as we saw in the second quarter or is this something that evolves as, let's just say, as $4 billion of debt repayment is achieved is -- does it go back into that -- or to the high-end of the range thereafter?
Joe Gorder: You want to answer the first one?
Jason Fraser: Yes, sure. Yes, you're right, for the foreseeable future, at least in the next several months, we've still got that competing priority of paying down our debt. So, I think we'll stay at the lower end while we're paying down debt. If any of the cycle continues to be super strong, you're right; we'll have a lot of excess cash to consider.
Lane Riggs: Yes, and Roger, I agree completely with what Jason said. I mean we want to go ahead and get things cleaned up, and get this balance sheet absolutely bulletproofed. And carrying a bit more cash is something that makes a lot of sense to do. You'd like to have your maintenance and turnaround CapEx covered with cash on hand, the dividend covered with cash on hand, and then we'll see where we go. But, anyway, I think for now we're on the right course, and as Gary has stated, it looks like the margin environment is going to be higher for some time. It certainly is today, not what we experienced in the second quarter but certainly well above what we would consider to be a traditional mid-cycle. And if we continue to build cash we'll continue to honor the payout, and it'll probably move from the lower end to the higher end.
Roger Read: Okay. And just maybe as one little tweak on that, as you think about dividend versus share repos, does that ultimately change once the balance sheet is back the way you wanted -- it's been a while since you've increased the dividend, I guess, is really what I'm getting at. Should we think of that as becoming another way to return cash?
Lane Riggs: Yes, I mean, you should. That is something we'll be looking at, as we've discussed, our short-term focus is on getting the debt back down. And we will look at that. We met and looked at this before. We'll be measured in our approach to ensure it's something that's sustainable through this cycle, especially given what we experienced coming through COVID, but that is something we'll be looking at.
Roger Read: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Good morning. It was obviously a momentous quarter for oil markets. Can you just talk a bit about what's happened in crude markets, and what the outlook is in terms of, obviously, the Russian impacts and the various differentials we're looking at, the Brent/WTI Spread, everything else? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So, I think, overall, we started to see there was not certainty what would happen with the Russian sanctions, but as time has gone on it appears that the Russian oil has continued to flow, and it's a change in trade flow, not less Russian oil on the market. The combination of that, SPR barrels coming on to the market, some production growth in certain parts of the world caused flat price to come down. And then it's also caused quality differentials to be pressured somewhat. In addition to the things I mentioned, the early releases, the SPR, largely medium-sour barrels with pressured the differentials. And then we've seen high sulfur fuel oil move weaker, which high sulfur fuel oil prices tend to impact quality differentials as well. Some of that is Russian [resid] [Ph], is starting to make its way back to the market. You're seeing more high sulfur fuel oil come from Mexico, and so those things are starting to pressure the quality differentials we're seeing in the market today.
Paul Sankey: That's very helpful, thanks. Could you just continue that forward thought, how do you think things will change over the next six months or so? I mean one obvious thing is that the SPR, I don't know, but I mean presumably at some point it's got to stop being released, right?
Gary Simmons: Yes, well, that's exactly right. I think you'll see lower volumes coming from SPR. Most people have kind of lowered their global oil demand forecast. So, I think the oil markets are fairly well-balanced. We wouldn't expect a lot of movement in the quality differentials from where they are today.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Joe Gorder: Take care, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Royall of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
John Royall: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, on R&D, can you talk about the captures stepping down in 2Q, and any moving pieces there beyond the backwardation, I know you've talked about in the last quarter? And then, what do you expect the long-term captures to look like in that business once the -- you know, get to a more normal looking market structure for diesel and once you have DGD 3 up and running?
Eric Herbort: Yes. This is Eric. I think you hit the nail on the head. Really the big difference between Q1 and Q2 was the severity of the backwardation quarter-to-quarter, but if you look at the rest of the capture rate, which was weaker, yes, soybean prices were higher, and obviously LCFS prices were down sort of averaging $130 in the first quarter versus closer to $100 in the second quarter. So, it's clearly margins tighter in the second quarter, and capture rate is lower mostly due to backwardation you mentioned. If you look forward, I think again you said that as USD markets normalize you will see a little bit of return normal in the back-half of this year for RD.
John Royall: Great. And then, just picking with R&D, I know you've had some good news on the BTC and the staffs this morning. Could you give your latest thoughts on the LCFS program in California, and where you think pricing could go there? I know we have the scoping process now to think about, and we have a federal program in Canada starting next year. So, just any thoughts on pricing there into the second-half and next year will be helpful.
Eric Herbort: Yes. The LCFS market in California has really seemed to have stabilized in the sort of $90 to $100 range. We don't see a lot of volume moving. And as you mentioned, the scoping meetings they have, they're considering increasing the obligations into 2030, which should have a -- create a greater demand for the LCFS credits. Because as we see now, with renewable diesel and other renewables consuming up to about 50% of the obligation, and gasoline demand still relatively muted on the West Coast is just -- it's the credit obligation. It's just not a big driver there. So, I think you mentioned Canada, we see that's an opening emerging market. The world is trying to figure what these earlier credit prices are going to be valued at, is that new federal regulation in Canada goes into effect between now and next June. And then obviously with Oregon and Washington opening up, they all seem to be hanging around the same sort of $90 to $100 credit price. So, obviously we want to see -- we would like to see that go back up, and if I was going to have an outlook, it seems to have stabilized some more kind of in that range.
John Royall: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Connor Lynagh of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks. I wanted to return to the topic of export markets and sort of the global balance. As we get closer to Europe's proposed date to stop taking Russian refined products, what's your sort of high-level view of how the market when we position, and the sort of implication I'm wondering about here is you highlight Latin America as a key area of your exports, is that likely to change, do you think Russian volumes will be competitive there, just high-level thoughts on that will be great.
Joe Gorder: Yes, it's difficult to know what's going to happen with the sanctions. I think we see some South American countries that seem to be interested in taking some Russian barrels. So, that certainly could be a scenario that develops some of the Russian diesel makes its way to South America. And then we backfill into Europe, I could see that happening, but we don't really have a lot of clarity what's going to happen.
Connor Lynagh: I guess then I'm just trying to triangulate, maybe this is more of a shorter term comment, but you were suggesting earlier that there probably was not a high likelihood that U.S. diesel in particular will be flowing to Europe, is that more of a near-term comment? And then if the sanctions were to enact, would you revisit that view or you just -- basically with the duration of that expectation?
Joe Gorder: Yes, certainly in the short-term, freight rates are high, and we see a better incentive going into Latin America. I don't know what's going to happen in terms of Russian sanctions in the rebalancing. So, better we just kind of wait and see.
Connor Lynagh: All right, fair enough. Maybe just to sneak one last one in here, capture rates have actually held up pretty strong in the refining business. Anything that we should think about in terms of big swing factors in the third quarter here? Do you think that 2Q result is pretty indicative of where you are going to be in the near-term?
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So, I would say, normally speaking absent any big moves in flat price, it would be fairly similar.
Connor Lynagh: Appreciate it. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yes, good morning, team. Congrats on a great quarter here. The first question was around the blender's tax credit. We got some news out of Wash last night that there could be an extension there. So, just would love your perspective on what that could mean for the DGD business? And how do you understand ruminations in Washington?
Eric Herbort: Well, this is Eric, I'll start. The BTC obviously is part of the business model that we capture with renewable diesel obviously, and we have always said that we are fairly certain there would be some sort of a blender's tax credit, because there's always been one for them for the last decade. We have seen, you know, there's some view that without a blender's tax credit the [defo RIN] [Ph] would pick it up, and maybe not perfectly dollar-for-dollar, but certainly sort of the 70%-80% range. And so, we will see how this plays out. But certainly it's supportive of the renewable business. I don't know if Rich you wanted to comment at all on the political side.
Richard Joe Walsh: Yes. This is Rich Walsh. I mean we just saw a bill came out late last night, 700 pages, we are looking through it. I mean there are some things in there that are helpful to our business, the tax credit obviously we're just talking about, there is also a SAF tax credit in there as well that we will be looking at, and there're some things too we are trying to sort through. So, I think this has surprised everybody that came out that quick, I don't think we really ever thought that the blender's tax credit was going to be -- tax credit would be a problem without -- end up on one of these bills before the end of the year. But it's always good to see it looking stronger and on the forefront.
Neil Mehta: All right, great catching it. Follow-up is just on yield switching, we are in environment now, we are obviously heating oil and distillates trading well above gasoline, do you see the industry and the company being able to switch to capture that, and does that take some pressure off as the distillates, how the equation help to recapture inventory?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Neil. This is Lane. So, Gary kind of addressed this a little bit, our assets have been in max distill mode for a few weeks. And so, one of the dynamics that's occurring right now, as Joe covered, it's actually made distillate yields fall, or diesel deals fall. So, I guess the short answer is I have seen everybody else is doing kind of similar signals, there's not a lot of additional diesel outside of incremental runs that somebody might have, and the industry is running at pretty high utilization rates. I don't see a big opportunity to make up through decent shortfall right now.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Lane. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: Good, thanks. Maybe a follow-up on renewable diesel, and ways that spreads, and the feedstock market; obviously we have seen those spreads there [technical difficulty] first-half of the year, in particular, soybean oil moves pretty significantly in the recent time here. Can you talk a little about what you are seeing in animal fat, and kind of low feed markets in the second-half of the year, would you expect those to widen out little more, and then as you look towards the start up of DGD 3 would you expect kind of -- we saw late last year where as you start buying that there is some kind of normalization and equilibrium period there, where we see some volatility?
Joe Gorder: Yes, I think as you said, I mean the soybean oil market was pricey in the second quarter, but since come down, and if you look at -- feedstock availability is there, I mean we are not having any problem sourcing any of the different waste oils or animal fat feedstocks. Relative values, it goes along. With the LCFS, you know, a lot of that is not as advantage as it has been if you look at sort of this time last year. But we certainly have availability to get the feedstocks we need for DGD 3, and there is no doubts with DGD 3 being our third and largest unit starting up in the fourth quarter it will change some of the trade flows certainly in the U.S. and as well as where we can pull from all the global sources of feedstocks. So, I think you are right, we will see any impact of feedstocks in general as we change a lot of the trade flows, and then -- but I think we will see in a collaboration some time next year as it sort of settles out. How those trade flows change. And so, it will be interesting and we are in it. That will be one thing we are looking at as you start up and see like I mentioned earlier the Canadian regulation opening up and some other markets opening up, we will be looking at how that all plays out versus feed stocks.
Ryan Todd: Yes, and then maybe a quick question on project spend and the environment. I mean from your update it clearly doesn't see you are having an impact on timing. Any impact that the inflationary environment or supply chain I think it will have on capital budget, things like [indiscernible] project or DGD 3 as we look over the next 12 months?
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane; all those projects where steel prices and labor and everything else is locked in prior to sort of this inflationary time that we are experiencing right now.
Ryan Todd: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Hello, how are you?
Joe Gorder: Hey, Sam.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Sam.
Joe Gorder: Good. You?
Sam Margolin: Good. Thanks. I want to ask about a comment I heard earlier on the call that made me think you mentioned high sulfur fuel spreads are blowing out. We've got Light Sweet premiums and WCS discounts are very deep. You have also got these very wide differentials between distillate and other products, specifically gasoline. It sounds like the scenario that people imagined for IMO 2020. And I was just wondering how influential do you think that is in the market today given everything else that's going on?
Joe Gorder: I think you are seeing a lot of pull through of IMO 2020 in the market today. It's contributing to the stronger distillate cracks that you are seeing because more diesel has been pulled in the marine sector. And then it's also contributing to the higher sulfur fuel discounts as well.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. I'll add to that. It's also probably some of the really high valuations on sort of I am going to say sort of the landing basis weaker, because again it's a little bit -- it's not unlike what's happening on natural gas, the marginal refiner trying not to make high sulfur fuels bidding up the Light Sweet market, so they can try to stay out of that market, right? So, it's propping up that the value of that crude versus medium sours.
Sam Margolin: Okay, thank you. And then, there is a follow-up for drilling down on renewable diesel conversation and maybe on the policy side. But some feedback that we've gotten recently from other industry contact is that renewable fuels including ethanol have moved very much into the energy security category. And almost that's taking prominence over the carbon and emission side. And then, that's spurring a lot of support -- incremental support I should say from regulators and DC. I was wondering if you are seeing the same thing when you interact with your counterparts in the government.
Richard Joe Walsh: This is Rich. I'll take an opportunity there. I would just qualify by saying they are low carbon too. So, they are not moving just into security. They are also part of the low carbon solution. So, if you look at light carbon renewable diesel, it actually can outperform on a carbon intensity basis some of the EV alternatives that are out there. So, I think, one, what you are starting to see now is a realization among regulators that actually these low carbon liquid fuels are dropping. They are cheaper to implement. They are available for consumers. And they provide an opportunity to also solve some of the climate issues that are out there. So, I mean I think what you are seeing is recognizing in the marketplace that these might be better alternatives. And, of course, they are domestic and the real strength of the U.S. economy. So, it's not surprising that you are starting to see more affection for the low carbon fuels.
Sam Margolin: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Hi, taking my questions. I want to ask firstly on the policy side, and the government seemed interested in intervening in the markets when petroleum prices got too high, only a month ago, and there is obviously concerns into the back-half of the year that prices can rise again particularly on the flat [crude toys] [Ph]. So, I was wondering if you could maybe discuss a bit higher conversations with the government when particularly around petroleum products export banner quota and if you think that's a realistic policy option that the government could implement in the future, and how that would impact you? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Okay. So, Lane and I had the opportunity to meet with the Secretary of Energy and members of her team in response to President Biden's request, and I would consider the meeting to be constructive. She was well-briefed on what the issues were, and the implications of some of the policy changes that you just mentioned. We talked about various options that could be implemented in the short-term, it would help take some of the pressure off of fuel prices that have those in hand, and in fact the staff -- her staff has continued to follow-up with members of our team and other attendees in that meeting to see what might make sense to try to implement. So, it was a good meeting. Lane, anything you would add to that?
Lane Riggs: The only thing I would add, I don't remember any mention of trying to limit exports -- 
Joe Gorder: No, no.
Lane Riggs: I will really not talk about whatsoever.
Joe Gorder: And yes, it goes to my point that they understand the implications of some of these decisions. You know, banning exports doesn't have the effect that they would want to have as far as we can tell. It would probably just put some pressure on the industry, and it would certainly drive the global prices higher without the U.S. supply to backfill some of the shortfalls that are out there. So, they seem to have a keen grasp for that. And that was encouraging to us, but I consider it was a constructed meeting, and they're interested in solutions. It's always interesting to see what happens after these conversations take place, and would there be any actual follow-up with it, but there is still talking. So, more to come, Jason.
Jason Gabelman: All right. Were there any potential solutions that you and the representatives you met with eye on?
Joe Gorder: Yes. I think one of the things was RVP change.
Lane Riggs: RVP in relaxing self-respect, that was essentially I think the major -- ongoing policy there's essentially an initiative that you could give, it would help maybe -- some of the U.S. refiners have to export because of self-respect. That's fairly clear. And so, I think that -- and then the other idea was again like what Joe just mentioned, relaxing the RVP in some of these, and that would require some of the non-attainment metropolitan areas would have to go from reformulated to a conventional land. That's a little bigger move, but those are the things that we talked about.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. That's really helpful. And my follow-up just on DGD, we are getting to this cash flow inflexion point in the business when DGD 3 starts up, and I was wondering if you could help us think about guideposts for what cash distribution policy will be from the joint venture back to the partners, or at least a time when we could expect an update on that? Thanks.
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. I will start off, and then maybe Eric can chime in. We all know how DGD was -- the business was build, we use cash flows from the business, it's funded, all the growth are largely funded till now. We will DGD 3 coming online in the fourth quarter. So, there should be some tests, cash flows to look out at the time and the partners will be [indiscernible] what to do with it.
Eric Herbort: Yes. So, obviously we do expect there to be a positive cash flow next year with the DGD 3 starting up, and capital finishing on that project. And so, obviously we will have to work with our partner on what we want to do with that cash. And so, like we have said, we're going to take a pause after DGD 3 starts up, and we kind of take that a look on the market of -- you know, lot of things we have talked about today between feedstocks and new product elements, and then we hook with the recent policy discussions that came out last night, you know, what we want to do with the cash, but obviously there should be a cash flow to discuss in 2023 associated with DGD.
Jason Gabelman: All right, thanks a lot for the answers.
Joe Gorder: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning. If this potential DPC for SAF goes through, would you think about adding SAF capability at DGD 3, and if so, what kind of yields should we be thinking about?
Lane Riggs: Yes, so, obviously, there's a lot of things we got to still get the details of before -- but we certainly have a project in the wings that is waiting to see how this SAF credit is going to play out. And so, there is a project that we looked at for -- that we continue to do engineering on that would bolt-on SAF capability to DGD 3 with roughly a kind of 50-50 yield of SAF and renewable diesel. So, it would be a significant increase in SAF capability for the U.S., obviously the largest producer of SAF. So, it does like you it could be a possibility, but like I said, a lot of details to work through from a policy standpoint, and then as well that has to be discussed with our partner.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, could you walk us through the Q2 hedging impacts at DGD? I think in Q1 it was a headwind of $119 million. What does that look like for Q2? And this, like an inventory hedge or a margin hedge, any details there?
Lane Riggs: Yes, that's -- all those details will be in the Q. And what I would say is really, it's all just a product of backwardation being more severe in the second quarter than the first quarter. So, it was a larger impact and that's why, as we said earlier, margin capture was much lower mostly just because of the market effects on ULSD. But I think we see that probably looking a little more favorable in the back-half of the year. But if that's all, it'll really be tied to how the ULSD market plays out. But currently looks better, let's see how the rest of the year plays out.
Matthew Blair: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for close comment.
Homer Bhullar: Great, thank you. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or logoff the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'll now turn the conference over to Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relation and Finance. Mr. Bhullar, you may now begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expertise or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that today, we delivered solid financial results for the first quarter, led by a continued recovery in our Refining segment. Refining margins were supported by strong product demand, coupled with very low product inventories globally. Refinery capacity rationalizations that have taken place in the last couple of years continue to contribute to the supply tightness. In addition, high natural gas prices in Europe are supporting product cracks to compensate for the higher operating costs. This, in turn, provides a structural margin advantage for U.S. refineries particularly those located in the Gulf Coast, where natural gas costs are significantly lower than in Europe. Turning to our low-carbon segments. The ethanol business generated positive operating income despite a weak margin environment and our growing renewable diesel business continues to generate good results with high demand for renewable diesel. We expect low-carbon fuel policies to continue to expand globally and drive demand for low-carbon fuels. And with that view, we're leveraging our operational and technical expertise that steadily expands our competitive advantage. The DGD 3 renewable diesel project located next to our Port Arthur refinery is now expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2022. With the completion of this 470 million-gallon per year plant, DGD’s total annual capacity is expected to be approximately 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. BlackRock and Navigators large-scale carbon sequestration project is progressing on schedule and is expected to begin start-up activities in late 2024. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with 8 ethanol plants connected to this system, which should provide a lower carbon intensity ethanol product and result in higher product margins. We continue to evaluate other low-carbon opportunities such as sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. And in refining, the Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's utilization rate and improved turnaround efficiency, is still expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. On the financial side, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. We further reduced our long-term debt by $750 million in February through debt reduction and refinancing transactions, bringing our total long-term debt reduction to $2 billion in 6 months. And we continue to honor our commitment to stockholder returns with an annual target payout ratio of 40% to 50%. We restarted stock buybacks in the first quarter which, combined with our dividend, returned $545 million to our stockholders. Looking ahead, the fundamentals that drove strong results in the first quarter, particularly in March, continue to provide a positive backdrop for the refining segment. We expect product demand to remain healthy with light products demand near pre-pandemic levels and the pent-up desire to travel and take vacations should drive incremental demand for transportation fuels as we head into the summer. Global product inventories remain low, particularly for diesel and there's less refining capacity available to replenish inventories. In addition, natural gas price disparity between the U.S. and Europe should provide a structural margin advantage for U.S. refiners especially for assets located in the Gulf Coast. In closing, we're encouraged by the refining outlook, which, coupled with our growth strategy and low-carbon fuels should further strengthen our long-term competitive advantage and drive long-term stockholder returns. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the first quarter of 2022, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $905 million or $2.21 per share compared to a net loss of $704 million or $1.73 per share for the first quarter of 2021. First quarter 2022 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $944 million or $2.31 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $666 million or $1.64 per share for the first quarter of 2021. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. The refining segment reported $1.45 billion of operating income for the first quarter of 2022 compared to $592 million operating loss of the first quarter of 2021. First quarter 2022 adjusted operating income was $1.47 billion compared to an adjusted operating loss of $506 million for the first quarter of 2021. Refining throughput volumes in the first quarter of 2022 averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which was 390,000 barrels per day higher than the first quarter of 2021. Throughput capacity utilization was 89% in the first quarter of 2022 compared to 77% in the first quarter of 2021. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.73 per barrel in the first quarter of 2022 were $2.05 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2021, which were impacted by excess energy costs related to winter storm Uri. The renewable diesel segment operating income was $149 million for the first quarter of 2022 compared to $203 million for the first quarter of 2021. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 1.7 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2022, which was 871,000 gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2021. The higher sales volumes were attributed to the fourth quarter 2021 start-up of the Diamond Green Diesel expansion project or DGD 2. The ethanol segment reported $1 million of operating income for the first quarter of 2022 compared to a $56 million operating loss for the first quarter of 2021. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2022, which was 483,000 gallons per day higher than the first quarter of 2021. For the first quarter of 2022, G&A expenses were $205 million and net interest expense was $145 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $606 million, and the income tax expense was $252 million for the first quarter of 2022. The effective tax rate was 21%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $588 million in the first quarter of 2022. Excluding the unfavourable impact from the change in working capital of $722 million and the other joint venture members, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $843 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2022 of which $536 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $307 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $718 million in the first quarter of 2022. Moving to financing activities. We returned $545 million to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2022, with $401 million paid as dividends and $144 million of stock buybacks, resulting in a payout ratio of 44% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities for the quarter. With respect to our balance sheet, we completed debt reduction and refinancing transactions in the first quarter that reduced Valero's long-term debt by $750 million. As Joe already noted, these debt reduction and refinancing transactions, combined with the debt reduction and refinancing transactions completed in the third and fourth quarters of 2021 have reduced Valero's long-term debt by $2 billion. At quarter end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $13.2 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $2.6 billion. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 34%. And we ended the quarter well capitalized with $4.9 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2022 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of that amount is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. About half of the growth capital in 2022 is allocated to expanding our low-carbon businesses. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.64 million to 1.69 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 395,000 to 415,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 225,000 to 245,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 445,000 to 465,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $5.15 per barrel which are higher than last quarter primarily due to higher natural gas prices. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we now expect sales volumes to be approximately 750 million gallons in 2022 with the anticipated start-up of DGD 3 in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses in 2022 should still be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.15 for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.48 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the second quarter, net interest expense should be about $140 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $630 million. For 2022, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $870 million. That concludes our opening remarks. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Leggate: This one might be for Gary, actually or whoever, Joe, you want to allocate it to. But I'm curious about the cadence of the margin trajectory, realized margin trajectory through the quarter. Obviously, the world kind of changed at the end of February. But what we're trying to really get a handle on is what the kind of sustainable earnings momentum might look like, given what we saw in March and obviously, stronger crack indicators again in April. So that's my first question, the cadence of margins through the quarter and what it looks like in April so far.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Doug. So I would tell you, in the first quarter, we saw is really pretty strong distillate demand throughout the quarter. But to start first quarter, gasoline demand was a little bit soft. We had a wave of COVID go through, which impacted mobility. And so the quarter started with a little softer gasoline demand but it recovered rapidly throughout the quarter. So by the end of the quarter, we were seeing gasoline demand at or slightly above pre-pandemic levels. We are seeing distillate demand above pre-pandemic levels and that demand being met with significantly less refinery capacity as we had rationalization that occurred during the pandemic. So, really tight supply demand bounce and then very, very low product inventories. . So we're looking at a situation where total light product inventory is 41 million barrels below the 5-year average. So very, very tight, especially tight for diesel. Diesel inventories in the U.S. 27 million barrels below the 5-year average. So the strength in crack spreads really been led by diesel. As long as inventories remain low, you would expect that to translate into very strong refining margin environment. And in fact, so far in April, we've seen stronger margins than we even had in March. What we expect to see throughout the quarter is ultimately, as we get into driving season and gasoline demand continues to pick up, you're going to have to have compression between gasoline cracks and diesel cracks. A lot of the VGO that comes into the United States to fill conversion capacity West source from Russia. So VGO is tight. And we're going to have competition between an incremental barrel going to an FCC to make gasoline versus that barrel going to a hydrocracker to make diesel. So we would expect gasoline cracks to get stronger as we move through the second quarter.
Joe Gorder: Sorry, Gary, to press you on this, but maybe I'll ask it like this, how much of the earnings in the quarter from refining were in March?
Gary Simmons: Doug, we can't give you a breakdown of earnings. But I think as Gary highlighted, obviously, March was a significant contributor.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Sorry for trying. My follow-up is really on Joe's prepared remarks about structural cost advantage. Joe, I think you know where we stand on this. Our view is that the U.S. has moved into almost like a regional golden age given your structural cost opportunities and the rationalization of capacity here. I'm wondering if you could just offer us some color on how we quantify the -- whether that advantage looks like given you've got Pembroke as a benchmark relative to the U.S. What is the delta right now? And do you see -- what would you hazard guess at as kind of normalized go-forward spread between U.S. and European gas as it relates to refining?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Doug, that's a good question. Let's let Lane take a whack at it here.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So as you alluded to, we have the Penbrook refinery, so we have a little bit of insight on this. So if you sort of today, our natural gas prices over in the U.K. are roughly about $30 per million BTU, sort of look at the United States and we're currently paying somewhere between $5, $6, $6.5. If you specifically use $30 versus $5, you need about an $8 per barrel higher heat crack sort of breakeven -- Pembroke to breakeven versus the Gulf Coast asset.
Doug Leggate: And is that kind of ratable as we -- if we normalize the long end of the curve right now, it shows about a $5-plus spread per Mcf. So that would just be kind of ratable so would be like $1.5 or something like that way?
Lane Riggs: Well, I'm not quite following what I would say is you split the burden of saying, "Hey, I get this - what he cracked do I need from Pembroke versus the Gulf Coast, I need about an $8 per barrel higher heat crack. If I'm paying $30 per million BTU for gas in the U.K. versus sort of $5 in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Roger Read: Probably a little bit to follow up on how we think about the second quarter here and capture and kind of contrast that with the guidance on volume. So the guidance on volumes would imply some more maintenance going on this quarter. So as we think about higher crude prices, lower secondary box I'll call it, kind of stratospheric diesel cracks and how we should think about the moving parts here affecting capture for you all.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So I've sort of been talking about this as we've been on the road. I mean it's very difficult right now to sort of compare previous capture rates versus the index as they are today. As you said, first and foremost, it's backwardation the crude markets and the product market. Secondarily, it's our secondary products like propylene and pet coke and asphalt and others that don't move quite as fast as crude has moved up in price. And of course, finally, we had quite a bit of turnaround activity in the first quarter. We're giving our volume guidance in terms of how the second quarter looks, but I think going forward, as long as there's this much backwardation in the market, we'll make -- trying to figure out what the margin capture is going to be on a go-forward basis, a little more difficult.
Roger Read: Well, at least you got plenty of room to work with given where the crack spreads are. A follow-up question. So end of the quarter cash, if I remember correctly, was $2-something billion. Joe, at the last management meeting at the beginning of April, you talked about maybe being more comfortable or you did, maybe, Jason, to carrying $4 billion of cash. You restarted the share repos here in Q1. Presumably, those will keep going. What's the right way to think about maybe hitting the upper end of the 40% to 50% or exceeding the $50, do you want to get to the 4 billion in cash first is it more to debt to pay down? Just kind of walk us through before what we should think about as we think about better-than-expected cash flows, I think most of us had coming into the year and how that may play out as we go through the rest of this year.
Jason Fraser: This is Jason. I'll take a shot at it. No, you're right, you hit our three goals, which we've talked about, and we'll try to do simultaneously. We want to build up cash. We want to continue to pay down debt. We paid down $2 billion over the past 6 months. And also to -- definitely on our commitment to our shareholders with the buyback. So I believe with what we did in the first quarter, we were at about 44% on the share buybacks with regard to the payout ratio, and we will still look at it on an annual basis. And you said we're at 2.6 on cash. So we're not even at -- we talked about having at least three probably going forward as a minimum, of course, it will vary around, but that's kind of what we're looking at. So we'll build some more cash. We don't have any maturities coming due, while we have a small one next quarter, but we'll be looking at opportunistic to get repurchases as we move forward. Yes. So we'll try to do them all simultaneously. We don't have an order where we'll get up to $4 billion of cash before we do X or anything like that.
Joe Gorder: Roger, the only thing I'd add to what Jason said is we live one day at a time in this business for sure. But if you look at what we're looking at in the market today, you feel pretty comfortable with the ability to go ahead and achieve all those things that we mentioned, building some cash as we go forward, we thought it was opportunistic to buy back shares with the outlook that we had for the market going forward. And so we went ahead and did it, and we've got our commitment to honor the payout ratio target. And so Jason said it right. We're looking at doing all three of them simultaneously. But I guess what it speaks to from my perspective is kind of the general outlook that we have on the market going forward and that we're going to be able to achieve all of these three things with the way things appear to be right now.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gresh: One follow-up to that, just as we think about the balance sheet and the fact that you effectively approach the leverage target side of the equation. If this is a really strong environment or a peakish type of year, would you consider moving the leverage target lower? A lot of question marks out there, recession risk or other things. Just curious how you're thinking about kind of managing through cycles from leverage.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. We're pretty comfortable with our 20% to 30% range. It definitely gives us range to get a lot lower than we are now. I believe we're at 34% now. So we still got a little ways to get down to our -- the upper end of our target. And of course, we can do that by holding cash or paying down debt. So we'll look at both of those tools. But yes, I mean I think we're comfortable with the range and it gives us a lot of flexibility within it.
Phil Gresh: And then just on DGD I think you've talked about a go-forward capture rate there on the gross margin, somewhere around 100%. The capture rate was definitely better in 1Q relative to some of the headwinds in 4Q. I was just curious if there were any other headwinds there in 1Q to think about that might have been transitory and just how you're thinking about the go-forward margin outlook?
Martin Parrish: Phil, this is Martin. You're right. The capture rate improved in 1Q versus 4Q. 4Q, the issue was really feedstock costs relative to soybean oil and actually priced above soybean oil or feedstock. And as we talked about before, that was largely due to the DGD 2 getting into the pit changing feedstock flows. And every time we've done that in the past, when we've expanded, we've seen feedstock prices go up. The good news in the first quarter is feedstock prices moderated relative to soybean oil actually, they ended the quarter below soybean oil. So that all looks good. So the -- what impacted margin capture in the first quarter was really the backwardation that Lane's talked about that prompt crack is just not achievable. So that was the issue. So it's really the backwardation in the ULSD market that impacted the capture. And as long as we have that backwardation, we'll have -- will lag on the capture but that won't be a permanent thing.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Connor Lynagh: Just high level on distillate and distillate inventories. I mean, do you attribute the supply tightness entirely to what's been happening in Europe either on the natural gas cost side of things or the outright disruptions in Russia? Or do you feel there's some sort of bigger global issue here?
Gary Simmons: Well, I think it's a number of factors. But certainly, as I alluded to, distillate demand has remained fairly strong throughout the pandemic, and you're trying to supply that demand with less refining capacity as we've had rationalization occur in the industry. I think you couple with the fact that we came through a period of time where there was a lot of maintenance activity. People trying to catch up from maintenance that maybe didn't occur during the pandemic. So you saw low refinery utilization. And then you add to it the natural gas presenting challenges in Europe and less Russian distillate flowing into the market as well, and it kind of puts us in the position where we're in.
Connor Lynagh: I guess the -- we're sort of driving at this is as we look into summer driving season and presumably further recovery in jet demand, is there a slack that you guys see in the global refining system or in the U.S. refining system to really significantly increase runs and refill those inventories? Or do you think we need to see some sort of demand destruction to balance the market?
Gary Simmons: It's hard to see that refinery utilization can increase much. We've been in this 93% utilization and historically although we've been able to hit 93% utilization, generally, you can't sustain it for long periods of time. So I don't think there's a lot of room on refinery utilization in terms of increasing supply. I think the markets will have to balance more on the demand side. .
Connor Lynagh: And just to sneak one more. And do you think that's more likely on the gasoline diesel or jet side? Or how would you think about that in terms of product?
Gary Simmons: Well, I think it depends. In the domestic market, it looks like jet demand is recovering nicely. Certainly, you'll have an impact to international travel still with COVID restrictions in place, some places and then high prices impacting some air travel as well. Gasoline and diesel seem very constructive and a lot of it is -- we have still a lot of pent-up demand. People that have been unable to travel for a couple of years are ready to go out and take vacation. And so in our mind, we'll see very good demand continue for both gasoline and diesel. .
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Cheng: Actually, you mentioned earlier about the backwardation curve. I think we all understand how the crew market deputation curve will impact on the margin capture. I'm not sure I fully understand how the port up backwardation curve will impact on the margin capture or the profitability. Can you maybe help me understand a little bit better on that? That's the first question.
Lane Riggs: And so I'll take a shot and maybe Gary can firm it up. When you're trading in the cycle, right, if the crack is rolling up towards you and you're out there sort of selling into it, you're not necessarily capturing the peak number all the time. It's just -- we've had days where the diesel crack has gone up $0.20 a gallon, $0.30. So you're not going to hit it perfectly. And of course, since we raised a ratable book and we're sort of fully hedged, there again, it's a little bit more difficult for us to fully capture a steeply backward distillate market. .
Paul Cheng: Does that mean that your vehicles in a commercial market your category will benefit?
Lane Riggs: Yes, for products. Yes, what structure is telling you is that the world is short, right? It's either short -- that's what structure is telling you. So yes, your commercial alarms actually do pretty well in a contango market. It's just the underlying crack is not necessarily as good as you would like.
Paul Cheng: And in the crude market, this is in [indiscernible] or contango, I mean, we can pretty much do a relatively easy estimate? What's the impact from the CMA. Is there any rule of thumb that is the variation curve in the product market? Is it a dollar to dollar impact on your margin capture or not really is a fraction and it is a fraction, is there any from what percentage that may be?
Lane Riggs: No, it's not as transparent because so many of our barrels are essentially brent-based. And so we have to look at the overall sort of dated market and sort of how we build up to get from sort of the physical market to an ICE relationship. So it's a little not as transparent, and it's not as easy to see, but you can -- obviously, you can look at what something similar to the complex role of that to see. Is it really -- is it a -- it's actually backward or not? And then just look have to sort of come up with how you guys want to model that. .
Paul Cheng: The second question is on the Russian innovation and correspondingly I mean there's a lot of moving parts. I mean, the European gas price is high, the feedstock availability on video or those have become reduced. And we've also seen, of course, that the product export from Russia in gas oil to Europe has been dramatically reduced. So how that your operation in Europe, Pembroke and also maybe that your Gulf Coast refining operation had been changed or more and adopt to this new, I mean, is the product yield had been any meaningful differences because of the market condition or the current situation that we see. And also that because you no longer can buy the M100 when you purchase the other similar type from Latin America or Middle East how that impact on your product yield on your operation?
Lane Riggs: Again, I'll say, hey, Paul, I'll take a shot and Gary can correct anything that I say that's not exactly correct. . So starting with the first item, VGO definitely, when you look at how the Russian balances were VGO is essentially -- they're the final sort of exporter of a major -- a major physical supply of VGO to the market. And so we'll just have to see how that plays out. Today, it's not because the diesel crack is so high versus gasoline, you're still in that diesel. I mean Gary kind of touched upon it earlier. I think our anticipation is as you get more into the driving season, as you -- you sort of -- you enter into a period where maybe it's a little more difficult to fill up these conversion units because of the availability of gas. You'll have to start bidding molecules away from the distillate market. And as long as the distillate market remains tight, it is just going to keep pulling up both cracks. We'll just have to see how that works out. With respect to our M100 supply, we're out buying sort of replacement barrels in the areas that you alluded to, which is largely the Middle East and South America. We'd have been buying those in the base if they were the most economic or we've certainly been able to certainly shore up our supply situation with those with barrels from those areas.
Paul Cheng: But in the dose barrel when you run through your refinery, do they yield differently or do you need to change the way how you operate?
Lane Riggs: Well, we're blending differently, right? So what it means is -- because, yes, all these feedstock even M100 has variability from different areas and all these intermediates have different variability and qualities. And we're always -- I mean that's part of the sausage making. We figure out how to blend to something that we think is the most economic for us to run.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Theresa Chen: I have a follow-up question, Lane, on some of the comments around demand and gasoline. Clearly, there's a lot of concern on demand currently and much of that is driven by factors abroad that's outside of your control. But I was hoping if you could offer your thoughts on how elastic do you think that demand curve is currently. And you're already in like a tight product supply situation due to rationalization alone. And now the Russian VGO is coming out of the market. And to your point, the gas crackers, you just incentivize that barrel of VGO from the hydrocracker, which means that gasoline cracks need to go higher and if crude doesn't go lower prices used to go higher. So how does all that shake out as far as the demand picture goes for you?
Gary Simmons: Theresa, this is Gary. So it's difficult to tell at what price point do you see demand destruction on gasoline. I think there's a number of factors that come into play there. Certainly, you would expect elevated price to have an impact on demand. However, we've seen wage inflation that kind of offsets that and allows people to tolerate a higher price point with personal savings up again, people pent-up demand. They're going to want to travel and they have money in the bank. So it probably offset some of that to some degree. And then throughout the world, not so much in the U.S., but in many other countries, we've seen the government step in, in the form of tax subsidies ways to kind of offset those increases and keep the street price down. So I think a lot of those factors will kind of offset some of the things that we typically see and that would cause the demand destruction to occur on gasoline.
Theresa Chen: And just on the export side, what are you seeing in terms of the competitive dynamics in the export markets? Clearly, you're well positioned given your geographical concentration in the Gulf Coast. How do you see the market evolve or Gulf Coast refiners as domestic supply has rationalized to some extent, and LatAm continues to grow over time. There seems to be a structural bid for diesel into Europe, given their shortage. How do you see these factors playing out?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think as long as you know, when you look at the advantages, the U.S. Gulf Coast refining system has -- we've talked a lot about natural gas, but also feedstock cost advantages running domestic crude or Canadian or Mexican crude. It puts us in a very strong position to be able to compete globally into the export markets. And I think you'll see that continue. PADD 3 is long diesel. And so you'll see that length move into the export markets, Latin America and Europe throughout the summer.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Paul Sankey with Sankey Research. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Sankey: These are have much follow-up questions. Pretty much follow-up questions, given everything you said. Just specifically, do you have a number for how much Russian crude and I guess, VGOs into media and then Russian products that is now out of the market further to what you're saying. And it seems that you're saying that trade remains strong despite the strong dollar and the high prices. And the follow-up would be on the working capital movement, how is the environment affecting your trading and markets in general because we're all aware that there's been a falling off of open interest. I assume that the working capital commitment will stay high as long as prices stay high. But if there's anything you can add on what it means for markets, that would be very helpful.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I guess to start with, we have seen -- it looks like diesel coming out of Russia and M100 coming out of Russia have fallen off. Thus far, we haven't really seen the fall off in crude exports from Russia. So far, it looks like it's been more of a rebalancing of trade flows rather than a reduction in exports. You can see India taking more Russian barrels, China taking more Russian barrels. Some Latin grades in West African grades flowing into Europe. And then in here in the United States, you're seeing a more Brazilian and Colombian grades that we're going to India and China starting to flow in the U.S. So I don't know that we've seen so much on the crude export side, but certainly on the M100, the resids and the distillate, you're starting to see export fall off. Working capital discussion
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane. I'll take a shot at it. This is what you're trying to get at. One of the things that you've seen in the working capital ideas is that with this tiny traded derivatives market, the paper markets, it's sort of is trying -- what you're seeing is the trading companies and the operating companies are trying to sort out who's going to have the physical length that's going either across the Atlantic or to South America, depending on trade flow, and it's because there's just -- this volatility is an derivative market. And so everybody is trying to -- that's still being sorted out, I guess, is the best way I would say that. .
Paul Sankey: If I just sneak in a quick follow-up. Your light sweet crude, they look like they are an all-time record high at the moment, right?
Lane Riggs: Yes, they are.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Gupta: I'm going to try for one. I'm not sure if I get the answer, but it's my job to try. So if we go back a decade, 2015 was the best year in earnings. And let me know how if I'm wrong, but I think you made over $9 in EPS in '15. So when we move forward today, first quarter 2.31. The next two quarters, most of us who really believe in Valero believe there's like an $8 or $9 EPS number hidden there combined for the 2 quarters. And then the last quarter is generally our strongest. So that's another 2.50. We put all three things together this high that will be achieved in 2022 will be materially higher than the 2015 earnings number. If I'm thinking about it right, can you comment about how the management is thinking about a record high earnings in over a decade.
Joe Gorder: So Manav, I'll just say that -- I said it earlier, we live one day at a time. And we certainly like your thinking and your mindset. And frankly, I think everything you've heard from the team this morning is that things look constructive on all segments of our business right now. And so we're optimistic, but we don't cut our chickens before they're hatched. So we'll continue to do what we do, and that is coming every day and try to operate safely and reliably in an environmentally responsible way and to optimize to the extent we can. And if we just keep doing that day after day after day, I think we're going to find ourselves in a really good place.
Manav Gupta: And one quick follow-up here is, every quarter, we see a very positive trend. DGD moves ahead by one quarter. And so if you spot that trend, the logical conclusion here is that on your 2Q call, you would basically say that we have achieved mechanical completion and we are starting the RD projects. I'm just sporting a trend here, sir. So let me know what you think about that.
Joe Gorder: Well, Martin, do you want to?
Martin Parrish: Well, obviously, we've got a long track record here and we -- DGD 3 is pretty much a duplicate of two, just a little bit bigger. So that helped a lot, same construction teams, same contractors, perfect weather. So we got to get through hurricane season still, Manav, but yes, everything looks great over at Port Arthur.
Joe Gorder: Manav, the one thing that I would say, too, and we don't talk about it a lot, but our team's ability to execute major projects like this. I mean, Lane has really worked very hard on this over the years and our team's ability to execute significant projects and the partners that we've got helping execute those prospects are extraordinary. And at least to the kind of results that you said look like a trend, and it's a trend that we like and we'll try to maintain.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta: First question is on the U.S. Gulf Coast. We've seen a lot of capacity retirement down there, whether it was Lyondell here recently, obviously, Shell can and then the alliance refining assets as well, something like 7% capacity is now out of the market as of next year. How do you guys see that impacting the structural outlook of the U.S. Gulf Coast? And what changes of that anything? Or is that market just so deep and interconnected that retirement doesn't have a meaningful impact on the way you think about product basis?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I would say, overall, Neil, PADD 3 is an export market on both gasoline and diesel. So I wouldn't expect to see a material impact from shutdown capacity in terms of the product market. We do see it gives us some advantages on the crude stock. We've certainly seen that as refineries come down, especially those refineries in the Eastern Gulf. It gives us access to some U.S. grades that maybe we didn't have access to before.
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is also on the product markets, and I just love your perspective on what's happening in China right now. Certainly, it looks like a couple of million barrels a day, product demand could be down, but at the same time, China is not exporting product into the market in a meaningful way. And so Singapore margins continue to be very strong. But as you look at the balances here, -- how much of a concern is China? And -- do you think that, again, that impact could be contained because of inventory levels but also product quotas?
Gary Simmons: Well, Neil, I think it really -- the answer is kind of in what you just stated. Thus far, although certainly, the COVID restrictions have impacted demand in China, they're not exporting a lot of product. So I think if you had weak demand in China and high refinery utilization resulting in very high exports, that would be concerning, but we're not seeing that in the market today. .
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question
Sam Margolin: Question on capital allocation. A significant amount of your growth CapEx is low-carbon projects, and those projects come early, but they're very regimented process. And just because a project comes early doesn't mean the next one is going to start early. So you might develop kind of a lumpy pattern of growth CapEx. And I'm just wondering if that has an effect on your on the other elements of your capital allocation, the other components, return on capital or if you harvest that cash, what happens when you have maybe a lean year in growth CapEx just because of the cadence of your gated process.
Joe Gorder: So you're saying if we have a year -- in a lean year for growth CapEx, you're talking about a year where we spend less on growth CapEx?
Sam Margolin: Yes, because if you finish DGD 3 early, it doesn't mean you're going to start the next one early as well, right, because you're still going through the process for it. So you might have a gap in spending given the magnitude of your growth CapEx in that portion. .
Joe Gorder: No. Got you.
Lane Riggs: Okay. Sam, so it's Lane. I'll take a stab. So it's an interesting idea. And I do think you'll see our strategic capital and as well as our sustaining capital, we've always said that we guide to 2% to 2.5% on the overall capital budget, nominally 1.5%. These are all averages. So by definition, our strategic capital is going to be 0.5 billion to 1 billion normally on an average. And the -- we are -- it will be lumpier because they are sizable projects and so I think direction of that is true from -- potentially from a year-to-year, I don't think you'll see us go from 0 to $2 billion or something like that, but you'll certainly see a $0.5 billion of variability with respect to our strategic capital spend here in the near term. And you want to comment
Jason Fraser: Yes, it just fits in the bar with excess cash. I don't think we'd change our model based on the variability and growth CapEx.
Lane Riggs: Right.
Joe Gorder: Yes. I mean Sam, I think it was mentioned earlier, Jason mentioned earlier, we haven't yet achieved the three targets that we're shooting for as far as the use of cash, whether it be the debt ratio buybacks and so on. So we've got a little bit of work to do around that yet, but building a little bit of cash that never is very troubling to us.
Sam Margolin: Yes. And this is sort of a follow-up, and it is kind of a hypothetical around DGD 4. We're talking a lot on this call about clear evidence of a distillate shortage that's driven by some structural factors. And so now you have a consideration for renewable diesel supply that goes beyond just policy and the regulatory framework because we just need more diesel period, renewable or otherwise. And so I'm wondering if that's a consideration that's now going into the commercial analysis behind incremental R&D projects.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Sam, this is Martin. I'm not sure we've looked at it that way. But overall, I would just tell you the demand for renewable diesel, we look at the balances, we just think that demand is going to outstrip supply. And we've got a lot of speculation is coming on. We'll see how much of that happens. But we feel good about supply, the European demand for renewable diesel. We feel good about demand. Demand for renewable diesel in Europe is going to rebound a lot with no more COVID lockdowns has been the case. So we got RED 2 out through 2030 and we're talking about in the Fit for 55 program, what they're going to do for the RED 3 is pretty aggressive. So -- and then California, Oregon, Washington, the CFS in Canada. So we just see a lot of demand out there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Todd: Maybe just a couple of high-level strategic ones. I mean, clearly, we've talked a lot here about how attractive the setup is for the rest of this year with markets that can tight and margins strong. Outside of a potential recession, what risks do you worry about that could materially change the outlook, Joe?
Joe Gorder: Well, I mean, if we ended up in a huge recession, I think those are the kind of things that certainly are out of our control, but it would likely affect demand. And another bout of COVID that would shut down people's mobility would impact us. But outside noncontrollable factors like that right now, I mean, I just -- I think we're generally pretty bullish about the way things look. You add anything?
Lane Riggs: No. I mean, those comments are right. I mean we didn't at least -- I do think people -- my own personal -- I think people's tolerance of COVID is a little different than the last time. So I don't know that we'll see the demand destruction COVID sort of some form of variant of COVID comes running through for whatever reason. But the recession has to be our biggest risk at this point. .
Joe Gorder: Yes.
Ryan Todd: Right. And then maybe it feels like it's been a long time since you've been in the market for the purchase of refining asset. But I wonder if you have any comment on developments in the refining asset market. Particularly, we have news of a failed sale process for the Lyondell refinery. Is this just a gap in bid-ask range you're seeing? Or do you see it as increasingly difficult for large assets to transact going forward? And if that's the case, what does it mean for medium- to longer-term supply/demand balances globally? Is this -- are we more likely to see more closures versus sales going forward in keeping markets tighter than they might be otherwise?
Joe Gorder: Well, I mean, probably the safest way for us to talk about that is from our own perspective. And there haven't been assets in the market that were compelling for us to buy. That doesn't mean there aren't attractive assets that we'd be interested in. But with our experience in acquisitions of assets, you go through the periods of being super enthusiastic about it, and then you get deal heat, you want to go do it and then you buy it and then you get in there and you start looking at it and Lane tells me it's going to cost $3 billion to get it up to a Valero standard, and I look at it maybe that wasn't exactly the best thing. So for us, truly, it is simply a matter of asset allocation, Ryan. I mean where do we want to spend our money. And right now, it's not that these assets aren't good or aren't attractive. It's just we feel we've got higher return, better uses for the capital we want to employ than buy on a refinery that's on the market at this point in time. So I'll stop there. Anything you would add, you guys.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I do think what it does mean is that you potentially versus transacting a large refinery or even certainly smaller ones, the likelihood that they may shut down is probably direct. At least directionally versus the past is more likely and that's what we're seeing.
Operator: Our final question this today comes from the line of Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Gabelman: I have two. The first will be a follow-up on the refining margin outlook. We're getting a lot of inbounds asking how long this strong margin environment can last and you've obviously been very bullish on the call. But maybe a couple of near-term things we've seen that I was hoping to get your comment on. One is the kind of somewhat rapidly tightening spread between European gas prices and U.S. natural gas prices. Do you think that impacts the margin environment at all? Could you see Europe increase utilization on some of its secondary distillate processing units? And then the other one is the IA suggesting that there could be a 5 million-barrel per day increase in refining throughput from now through summer as refining capacity, as maintenance comes back, which is kind of double the typical rate, I think you would see over that period. Just wondering if that factors into your bullish outlook on refining and if you expect either of those to weigh on the market at all? And then I have a quick follow-up on capital allocation.
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll start off. Your first node of seeing it rapidly are closing the arbitrage between you say European gas and U.S. gas has -- there's a barrier there because these export facilities are full. So to the extent that, that will happen, you need to get some more export you got to get to where you have open capacity on the liquid natural gas facilities have to be, have open capacity to fully get there. And so you need to you kind of get a need to go out there and look at what pace and when the next ones are all being built. In terms of refining -- worldwide refining capacity and how we think about it, we keep saying all along, we don't spend a lot of time trying to figure out what the rest of the world is doing on this. You guys have the same data that we have. We focus on doing what we do well, and that's what we focus on. With that said, I mean, there's going to be refinery closures based on the rest of the call that we've talked about versus certain parts of the world are going to build refineries. And so but we don't -- we certainly -- at least we don't worry so much about how these balances are going to necessarily affect us.
Jason Gabelman: And then just a quick follow-up on capital allocation moving forward. It seems like you have this coker project and then after that, no major refining projects, but you've been discussing some other low-carbon energy investments. Is the intention for over time, more of the growth capital or nearly all of it to kind of gravitate towards that low-carbon bucket?
Joe Gorder: I wouldn't say that by any stretch. I mean, we -- you know our MO, right? We talk about stuff after we fully developed it, understand how much it's going to cost and have a good feel for the market. And so I think it's fair for you to assume that Lane and the team are looking at all the projects and we evaluate them against each other. I wouldn't want to tell you that there'll never be another refining project, but I can tell you a lot of the stuff that's in the hopper that he and the team are looking at tend to be more towards the cleaner fuel side. But honestly, I would never say never on another great project.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thanks. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you guys dialing in.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We saw continued improvement in our business during the fourth quarter with refining margins supported by strong product demand. In our system, we ended the year with gasoline demand at pre-pandemic levels and demand for diesel actually higher than pre-pandemic levels. We also saw a significant jet fuel recovery as domestic and international travel opened up, increasing from approximately 60% of pre-pandemic levels at the beginning of the year to approximately 80% at the end of the year. Product inventories were low as a result of the refining capacity rationalization that's taken place in the last 2 years and weather-related impacts from Winter Storm Uri and Hurricane Ida. On the crude oil side, OPEC+ increased production throughout the year with improving demand supplying the market primarily with sour crude oils, resulting in wider sour crude oil discounts to Brent crude oil. As a result of all these dynamics, we saw a steady recovery in margins throughout the year, particularly for our complex refining system. In regards to our ethanol segment, ethanol prices were near record highs in the quarter, supported by strong demand and low inventories. Strong margins, coupled with solid operational performance across all of our segments, generated record quarterly operating income for our ethanol segment and record overall fourth quarter earnings for Valero. I am proud to say that 2021 was our best year ever for employee and process safety. In fact, we've set records for process safety for 3 consecutive years. These milestones are a testament to our long-standing commitment to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. And despite the pandemic and weather-related challenges in 2021, our growth projects remained on track. We started up the Pembroke cogeneration unit in the third quarter of '21, which provides an efficient and reliable source of electricity and steam, and enhances the refinery's competitiveness. In addition, the Diamond Green Diesel expansion project, DGD 2, commenced operations in the fourth quarter on budget and ahead of schedule. The expansion has since demonstrated production capacity of 410 million gallons per year renewable diesel as a result of process optimization, above the initial nameplate design capacity of 400 million gallons per year. This expansion brings DGD's total annual renewable diesel capacity to 700 million gallons. Looking ahead, the DGD 3 project at our Port Arthur refinery is progressing ahead of schedule and is now expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2023. With the completion of this, 470 million-gallon per year plant, DGD's total annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. BlackRock and Navigator’s large-scale carbon sequestration project is also progressing on schedule and is still expected to begin start-up activities in late 2024. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with 8 ethanol plants connected to the system, which should provide a higher ethanol product margin. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's utilization rate and improved turnaround efficiency, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. On the financial side, the guiding framework underpinning our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We remain disciplined in our allocation of capital, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. In 2021, we took measures to reduce Valero's long-term debt by approximately $1.3 billion. We ended the year well capitalized with $4.1 billion of cash and $5.2 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. And our net debt to capitalization was 33%. We continue to honor our commitment to stockholders, defending the dividend across margin cycles and delivering a payout ratio of 50% in 2021. And as recently announced, the Board of Directors has approved a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share for the first quarter of 2022. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic on refining margins, with low global light product inventories, strong product demand, global supply tightness due to significant refining capacity rationalization and wider sour crude oil differentials. We also remain optimistic on our low-carbon businesses, which we continue to expand with the growing global demand for lower carbon intensity products. We've been leaders in the growth of these businesses and maintain a competitive advantage with our operational and technical expertise. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operations, deploying capital with an uncompromising focus on returns and honoring our commitment to stockholders, has driven our success and positions us well. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the fourth quarter of 2021, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1 billion or $2.46 per share compared to a net loss of $359 million or $0.88 per share for the fourth quarter of 2020. Fourth quarter 2021 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was also $1 billion or $2.47 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $429 million or $1.06 per share for the fourth quarter of 2020. For 2021, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $930 million or $2.27 per share compared to a net loss of $1.4 billion or $3.50 per share in 2020. 2021 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.2 billion or $2.81 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $1.3 billion or $3.12 per share in 2020.  For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. The refining segment reported $1.3 billion of operating income for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to a $377 million operating loss for the fourth quarter of 2020. Fourth quarter 2021 adjusted operating income for the refining segment was $1.1 billion compared to an adjusted operating loss of $476 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Refining throughput volumes in the fourth quarter of 2021 averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was 483,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. Throughput capacity utilization was 96% in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to 81% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.86 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2021 were $0.46 per barrel higher than the fourth quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher natural gas prices. The renewable diesel segment operating income was $150 million for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $127 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $152 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 1.6 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2021, which was 974,000 gallons per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. The higher operating income and sales volumes were primarily attributed to the start-up of Diamond Green Diesel expansion project, DGD 2, in the fourth quarter. The ethanol segment reported record operating income of $474 million for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to $15 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $475 million compared to $17 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.4 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2021, which was 278,000 gallons per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2020. And as Joe mentioned earlier, the higher operating income was primarily attributed to higher ethanol prices, which were supported by strong demand and low inventories. For the fourth quarter of 2021, G&A expenses were $286 million and net interest expense was $152 million. G&A expenses of $865 million in 2021 were largely in line with our guidance. Depreciation and amortization expense was $598 million and income tax expense was $169 million for the fourth quarter of 2021. The annual effective tax rate was 17% for 2021, which reflects the benefit from the portion of DGD's net income that is not taxable to us. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2021 and $5.9 billion for the full year. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $595 million in the fourth quarter and $2.2 billion in 2021, and the other joint venture members, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.8 billion for the fourth quarter and $3.3 billion for the full year. With regard to investing activities, we made $752 million of total capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2021, of which $353 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $399 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to the other joint venture members, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $545 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 and $1.8 billion for the year.  Moving to financing activities. We returned $401 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter of 2021 through our dividend and $1.6 billion through dividends in the year, resulting in a 2021 payout ratio of 50% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities for the year. And our Board of Directors recently approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share, demonstrating our sound financial position and commitment to return cash to our investors. With respect to our balance sheet at year-end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $13.9 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $4.1 billion. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 33%. In the fourth quarter, we completed a series of debt reduction and refinancing transactions that together reduced Valero's long-term debt by $693 million. These debt reduction and refinancing transactions, combined with the redemption of $575 million floating rate senior notes due 2023 in the third quarter, collectively reduced Valero's long-term debt by $1.3 billion. At the end of the year, we had $5.2 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2022 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. Approximately 50% of our growth capital in 2022 is allocated to expanding our low-carbon businesses. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.66 million to 1.71 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 395,000 to 415,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 185,000 to 205,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.80 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be approximately 700 million gallons in 2022. Operating expenses in 2022 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.2 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.44 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $150 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $600 million. For 2022, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $870 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again, respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to 2 questions. If you have more than 2 questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Joe, I'd like to revisit your comments earlier about the refining margin outlook through 2022. I mean clearly, we seem to have a pretty positive setup with lean global inventories and significant amount of refining rationalization that's happened since and even slightly before the pandemic began while demand continues to recover and remain resilient. So looking through the rest of this year, can you just give us a sense of puts and takes on the variables that could detract from this thesis, either risk to the downside or upside from here?
Joe Gorder: Sure, Theresa. Thanks a lot. Why don't we let Gary take a look at -- take a crack at this?
Gary Simmons: Sure, Theresa. If you look -- I mean, I'll just kind of go through some of the things we're seeing in our system. We saw good recovery last year, both gasoline and diesel and even good recovery in jet fuel demand. And we expect that rebound to continue through 2022. We started the year, gasoline demand is off a little bit from what we would expect. Some of that is just seasonality. But even if you go back to 2019, we were in 2019 at this time of the year, we're off about 7% with the spike in COVID cases and also some weather impacting gasoline demand as well. But I would tell you already, our 7-day average is only off about 3% of where it was in 2019. So it looks like this latest surge in COVID cases we’re already coming out of it. And so with where gasoline inventories are, very bullish gasoline moving forward. As you already pointed out, we expect to see gasoline demand back to 2019 levels, which was close to peak gasoline demand, and we'll be trying to feed that demand with significantly less refining capacity. So we expect the gasoline markets to be very tight. When you move to diesel, of course, diesel inventories are not only low in the United States, but they're low globally. Diesel demand actually in our system has been about 7% of where it was in 2019. So some of those factors, in particular, weather that are negatively impacting gasoline are actually -- are having a positive impact on diesel demand. So we see very strong diesel demand. And we actually don't see a clear path in the near future to be able to restock those investors in turnaround activity that's occurring in the industry, along with the rationalization that's occurred. So for us, both gasoline and diesel look very constructive moving throughout the year. Jet demand will be the unknown. Our expectation is that as we get through this wave of COVID, much like we saw last year, domestic air travel will pick back up fairly rapidly but it will be a longer period of time before international travel picks back up. So although we expect to be closed back to 2019 levels by the end of the year, probably not fully recovered. I think to me, when you talk about the wild card, really the wildcard for this year is what happens in the crude market. Obviously, a lot of tightness in the crude markets today, certainly having an impact on differentials and so for us, it's kind of when do we see OPEC begin to ramp up production. As global oil demand picks up, we would expect OPEC to increase production. A lot of that will be medium and heavy sour barrels, which would be constructive to wider differentials moving throughout the year as well.
Theresa Chen: That's great color. So I got to ask the capital allocation question. You have been so consistent on your messaging as well as execution around this. And with the progress that you've made on reducing debt, generating free cash flow for the past couple of quarters and generally positive momentum on the near-term refining outlook. Are we at an inflection point where we may soon see a step-up in cash return to shareholders?
Joe Gorder: Jason?
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I'll take that. And you're right, we've made good progress on our goals. We have said when we started coming out of this situation, we rebuild our cash and target keeping more on hand around $3 billion. We've done that. We had $4.1 billion at the end of the year. We also said we're really going to start working on delevering. And in the third and fourth quarters of last year, we did delevering transactions paid off about $1.3 billion net, brought our net debt to cap down to 33% at the end of the year, and our goal is to ultimately get back to our 20% to 30% long-term target we've had. And the pace is going to depend on margins and cash generation.  But getting on to buybacks and the return of cash to shareholders. As you said, things are looking better now. For 2021, the payout was 50% with just the dividend and some minimal buybacks related to the employee plans. But with the margin increase in the fourth quarter and they're continuing to be strong during the first quarter so far, if this pattern of recovery does continue, we do anticipate we'll be doing buybacks this year to meet our target. And we feel we can both continue to our pattern, our goal of having aggressive debt paydown this year and also meet our shareholder return commitment via projects -- via buybacks, I'm sorry. We definitely don't think they're mutually exclusive and it's all driven by our framework and targets we've had in place for several years.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Manav Gupta of Credit Suisse.
Manav Gupta: I just -- I had first question was on DGD. What we are seeing out there is number of projects getting delayed, long lead equipment not getting through. Everybody is kind of lagging. You are an exception, your project keeps moving forward. And I know you always tell me, you have the best people. But besides best people, what else are you doing right, which is allowing you to move the time line forward versus everybody else going backwards?
Joe Gorder: Wow! I don't -- should we even say anything? 
Lane Riggs : I'm still going to say we have the best people. Hey, Manav, this is Lane. We also completed Diamond Green 2, right? So we have a really good understanding of what the project execution looks like. We have the same business partners that are largely executing Diamond Green 2. And we've been able to really improve the schedule, and it's really just -- we've been -- we’ve built 2 of these, we're in our third, and it's just a really good team all the way around, not just our people, we have good business partners as well. And we also are permitting, we permit these even better. So just....
Joe Gorder: Yes. And there's -- Lane, there's been a lot of lessons learned as we went through 1. And so I mean…
Lane Riggs: That’s what I mean. We've built 1, we’ve built -- we just finished 2 and we've learned all through all those things. We are definitely -- we have the advantage of being an early mover in this space.
Manav Gupta: Perfect, guys. My second follow-up very quickly here is it looks like your partner is moving ahead with kind of an acquisition, which would give you guys more used cooking oil, more animal fats. At this stage, I think there was a point to get in more animal fats from international to feed DGD 3. How is the feedstock situation looking for DGD 3? Are you very close to what you would need when DGD 3 is up and running in terms of feedstock now?
Martin Parrish: Yes, Manav, this is Martin. Obviously, our plan is to continue to feed DGD 1, 2 and 3 with waste feedstock. We feel good about that. The market -- feedstock market has tightened up relative to soybean oil. And we knew that was coming with the start-up of DGD 2. We changed trade flows. We've moved everything around, and that's had an impact on the market. And frankly, when we contemplated DGD 2 and 3, we expect that feedstock to appreciate relative to soybean oil and we expected carbon pricing to appreciate. So we're kind of where we expected to be here. And yes, the feedstock situation, it's a moving target, but it's all tied to global GDP growth. And just to sum it up, yes, we expect to be able to feed it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: The Gulf Coast refining margins in the fourth quarter were the best since 2015, if I have that right. And they're even better than 4Q '19 when we were talking about IMO 2020 and feedstock advantages and things like that. So I was just curious if there's anything more to elaborate on about the strength of the Gulf Coast margins that we saw in the quarter and how you think about the sustainability of that?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think a lot of -- typically in the Gulf Coast, when we see stronger capture rates, it's tied to feedstock optimization. And so certainly, we've been doing a lot around some of those fuel oil blend stocks and running more of those in our system, which has helped supported higher capture rates.
Philip Gresh: Got it. Okay. And then second question, just a follow-up on some of the commentary there on renewable diesel. The gross margins there, down sequentially. It sounds like you expected some of that, but the capture rate, the indicator there was, I think, a bit lower than maybe some had expected. Were there any transitory factors there, in your opinion, in the quarter as you started up Phase 2 and whether it's with feedstock or other factors? Or is this how you think about kind of a run rate moving forward?
Martin Parrish: Sure, Phil. This is Martin. So margin capture in 2021 was all about the feedstock price. In first half of '21, feedstock prices were low relative to soybean oil, which resulted in some really high margin capture. In the fourth quarter, the prices were high relative to soybean oil and that gave us a lower margin capture at 75%. With the start-up of DGD 2, we're going to have tighter prices for a while. We expect feedstock to be around soybean oil going forward for the immediate future. And then we'll see how that plays out in the next few months after that. But we expect it to be right around soybean oil, which would incur closer to this 100% type margin capture. And that's what we experienced throughout 2019. If you go back and look at those numbers, we averaged right around 100% margin capture. So that's kind of how we expect things to shake out in the next few months.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I want to come back, if possible, to the crude tightness comments, just what you're seeing in terms of differentials, what you'd expect? And then are we highly dependent here on OPEC putting more oil in the market? Or is there some other factor at work? And one of the reasons I ask is some of the closures that we saw on the refining side tended to be a light suite unit. So if physical demand is down on that side, is that also accounting for some of the tightness of the differentials?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, it's Gary. I think there's a number of factors that contributed to the tightness, not simply OPEC. We saw the winter weather have an impact on heavy Canadian production from Western Canada. We had disruptions from supply in Ecuador. There's been -- the pipeline issue between -- the pipeline between Iraq and Turkey that took barrels off the market. So a number of factors. We think going forward, again, not only get OPEC production ramping up. We expect to not only see the Western Canadian production come back, we actually think it will grow with some of the logistics projects coming back on. And so most of that production that was off the market is coming back. In addition to that production coming on the market, the OPEC production growing will take some of the pressure off the crude markets and certainly pressure off the crude differentials.
Roger Read: And then my unrelated follow-up question is coming to you, Jason. Like the insight on the possibility of getting back to more normal cash returns model in '22. I was curious, though, given the significant improvement in working capital in '21, are we at risk of seeing some of that reverse in '22? Or when you think about the outlook, do you assume a neutral working capital event and maybe we should assume something going the other way?
Jason Fraser: Yes. Well, our movements in working capital generally follow flat price. So when we're forecasting, we just assume neutral cash on working capital as our basis.
Roger Read: So just a quick reminder. If prices go up, positive prices go down, it's going to eat working capital?
Jason Fraser: Right. That's right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Prashant Rao of Citigroup.
Prashant Rao: I wanted to circle back on the capital allocation piece a little bit. You've done a great job reducing debt. It looks like you'll be able to take another chunk out this year, got high balance sheet cash. And it sounds like you're very positive on buybacks. I just sort of wanted to ask about the dividend. I know if it might be a bit premature at this point, but given that we're looking at what could be an above mid-cycle here in earnings. You've gotten debt controlled and the yield is starting to come in. Currently, just I annualized a little bit under 5% and tighter than that if the share price continues to work, is taking a hard look at the dividend, something that potentially increase something that you might think of this year? Or is it too soon to start talking about that?
Jason Fraser: Yes. This is Jason. It's probably a little soon given what we just came through. But we always look at it. Our commitment is to have a sustainable dividend with a yield at the high end of our peer group, and that's where it is now, where the peers are and the market is, we think it's in a good place.
Prashant Rao: Okay. Perfect. And then just...
Joe Gorder: Prashant, at this time last year, there was a big question on sustainability of the dividend, right? A lot can change in a short period. Now you never questioned it. You always had faith, stuff like that. But anyways, it’s interesting how things come around.
Prashant Rao: It's true. It's like a different world altogether, right, Joe?
Joe Gorder : Yes. There it is.
Prashant Rao: Just another quick question. Ethanol, obviously, historically, high performance here. This is the best quarter we've seen since you've been reporting quarterly results at ethanol. Just wondering a little bit about strength carryover. I think when we discussed this a couple of months back, there were some cautious -- cautious read across as to what happens in 2022 given how volatile the ethanol market is and all the puts and takes. I was just wondering if big picture how to think about how -- where we -- level set where we are entering 2022 think about what the cadence might be there? Some of that strength carrying over, but also there's a lot going on in terms of policy, gasoline demand, a whole bunch of factors there. So just wonder if we could get some color and maybe a little bit of clarity as to how we should be thinking about that as we look into '22?
Martin Parrish: Prashant, this is Martin. Well, obviously, fourth quarter was a great quarter for ethanol. When you look at it, what really set that up is, we -- in the third quarter, the margin started off really weak. And we were also at the end of crop year corn. So that this wasn't corn available in the industry is pretty -- very low stocks. So there was a lot of run cuts, a lot of early maintenance taken and the plants really didn't rebound. And I'm talking across the industry, I'm not talking just Valero, and get rates back up until early October. And then rates exceeded. I mean in early October rates exceeded the 5-year averages. But what was interesting even with higher rates, inventory just never built. So when you have a low inventory situation that leads to high margins, and that's what we saw. So now the last few weeks of the year and the first few weeks of 2022, we've had significant inventory build. So the margins have come off dramatically. But that being said, we're still probably where we typically are in the first quarter for ethanol margins. And I think what we always are looking at, at ethanol now, though, is the longer term and that's the carbon capture. That's going to provide a great opportunity for us, both from the 45Q and the LCFS. And also we're producing -- start to produce more and more gallons of cellulosic ethanol from corn fiber. So we're optimistic about both of those. We're also just confident that ethanol is going to remain a part of the domestic fuel mix. We expect higher octane blends in the future, namely 95 RON, which means more ethanol blending. And globally, the renewable fuel mandates are going to drive export growth. So we feel really good about ethanol going forward, maybe not this quarter, next quarter. But longer term, we feel really good about ethanol.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: Joe, I'm sorry, I'm going to hit the capital allocation question 1 more time, maybe a slightly different angle. So the balance between dividends and buybacks is really what I'm kind of focused on here because, I mean, you could easily buy back 5-plus percent of your stock. That's a pretty healthy dividend growth for an ordinary business and I remind your business. So I'm just kind of curious how you think about the balance going forward as you reconsider the right level of debt perhaps and the right balance between that 40% to 50% cash allocation to cash returns between the dividend and the buyback. I know it's a broad question, but I'm just kind of curious how -- I guess what's behind us, Joe, is in years gone by, there's been criticism of buybacks at a high price level. I'm wondering if the buyback is more a tool to manage the dividend burden going forward?
Joe Gorder: Yes. No, Doug, it certainly would be and when you think about where the yield has been particularly last year, I mean, we've been flushed with cash last year, we had bought back a ton of shares, but we weren't. And you're right, it is a double-edged sword, right? We end up with good cash flows and typically a high stock price all at the same time. So that's why it's hard to create a formulaic approach to how we look at doing this. And so I think Jason has laid it out, coming out of COVID, we had a very specific set of priorities that we wanted to put in place. And I think he covered those. What I'll do is, look, we got a good strong CFO. We'll see what he thinks here. You've got anything you'd like to share?
Jason Fraser: Yes, everything you said was accurate. And you have to -- we have to -- we have a balanced dividend because as we've proven through the last downturn, we're going to defend it in the downturn. So you have to be wary of making it too high. And the buybacks give you the flywheel.
Joe Gorder: Yes. So Doug, I wouldn't say -- I mean, we always look at the dividend, and we'd like to increase it. I think there's a time when it will be right to do that. And it's a burden that we've been able to carry. Certainly, it's easy in a good margin environment like we have today. But in the down margin environment, as Jason said, we’ve defended it. And it was a bit of a load. But we're committed to it, and we just don't want to get overextended.
Jason Fraser: And it's well positioned versus the peers. Our first step is to look versus our peers, we committed to be up near the top of the end and as long as we're the highest, that box is checked.
Douglas Leggate: I want to be respectful to everyone else, and I'm going to take my second question on the same topic, if you don't mind, because I'm looking at, for example, what some of the Canadians have done, think about actual companies that have long-life sustainable assets. Obviously, your business is very similar to that in some respects in terms of the annuity nature. So I wonder then, with some folks did question your dividend last year, I know that’s on my hat, but why then wouldn't you use your balance sheet, take your balance sheet to a much stronger level, so that kind of concern can be taken out of the investment case. So in other words, why is 20% to 30% the right level? Why not go lower given the drop that we all saw in the past year? And I'll leave it there.
Joe Gorder: Doug, that's a fair question. And I can tell you, that's 1 of the things that Jason and Homer are looking at consistently. The capital markets were very accessible last year, even in the downturn. And rates were so attractive that we were able to really do a good job of financing the business through this. But again, you never really know. Jason?
Jason Fraser: Yes. That's right. One thing we do to address this is hold a higher cash balance. But we also want to have an efficient capital structure and debt is pretty cheap right now. The 1 to 0 debt would give you the maximum flexibility and kind of resilience, but then you have a cost of a higher cost.
Joe Gorder: But Doug, are you proposing that we would like lever up to buy back shares or something along those lines?
Douglas Leggate: Well, it's really -- yes, it's really more that so you're opportunistically positioned to lean on the balance sheet when you need to without the market speculating about the dividend. It's really more because I think your business can support on annuity dividend discount model type of approach, but the balance sheet needs to be rightsized to achieve that. And again, it was just really try and take that volatility out of the go-forward investment case. But I've taken my close of time, Joe, so I appreciate the answers and….
Joe Gorder: Okay. We'll see you soon.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research.
Paul Sankey: Can I ask you guys about Europe? Just from your perspective, as a major refiner there. What's going on as regards demand, the impact of natural gas prices, crude slates, the whole bit?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I guess what we're seeing in terms of demand is they're kind of ahead of where we are in recovery from the latest spike in COVID cases. If you look at our 7 day in the UK, we're up about 10% of where we were month to date. So starting to see good recovery in mobility and gasoline demand in the system. Again, very similar situation on diesel. ARA stocks are very low. So diesel looks very constructive as well.  On the natural gas side, you see some switching of crude diets as a result of the high natural gas prices still $30 an MMBtu in Northwest Europe. So you see some people kicking out medium and heavy sour grades of crude running more light sweet. I think where we've seen it the most is optimization around hydro processing capacity. So people idling and cutting hydrocracking capacity as a result of very high natural gas prices, which again puts less diesel in the market and is 1 of the reasons why we're experiencing all the tightness around diesel that we are.
Paul Sankey: Excellent answer. Can I just follow up with California. We've seen margins come off quite a bit there. But more importantly, could you talk a bit about how renewable diesel will play through in that market where you're exposed to both sides. I just wonder what your perspective is because we could see a situation, obviously, where the market gets quite challenged, I think, by renewables.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Paul, this is Martin. Renewable diesel has held up really well from a demand side in California. It's kind of amazing to me going through COVID what we've seen out there. Obviously, deficits have decreased, and they've decreased because of less carbo or gasoline use and less diesel use, but renewable diesel and for the first half of the year, and that's the latest stats we have is around 23% of the diesel pool in California. So it's -- we're blending in an R23 state-wide, which is pretty amazing. And a lot of imports coming into California to renewable diesel. So it's kind of held up remarkably well. And you can say, well, maybe that's why the credit price is down. But I think really, the credit price has got a lot more to do with just less deficits than it has to do with additional credits from renewable diesel. So we -- that's a great market for us. What really got hurt demand-wise was more in Europe on renewable diesel and probably more in Canada, too, with just the kind of waiting for the CFS. So we expect those 2 to rebound and with that more demand globally.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Could you just throw the answer forward a little bit? As we look over the next couple of years in terms of how the supply demand, the balance might play out? And I'll leave it there. Sorry, not to make you laugh today, Joe, but...
Joe Gorder: Paul, I'll tell you what. We'll have a chance for that here pretty soon, won't we?
Martin Parrish: I think if you play it forward, there's really nothing that stops renewable diesel from -- you can blend it really any rate with renewable diesel, right? There's 85% renewable diesel sold in California today. I think CARB's projections are to get somewhere around R40 by 2030. I think a lot of people think that it could be higher than that. So that's California, but you've also got other states considering LCFS. You've got the CFS in Canada that we're looking forward to by the end of this year. And the Canadian decelerate the size of California's market. So that's going to be a big market for us, and we expect that people will over generate credits early when they can, right? That's what happened in California. There was early credit generation, building up a credit bank, and we expect to see the same thing in Canada, which is good for renewable diesel demand.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. First is for Martin. I think within the renewable diesel, another product seems to be getting some excitement by some of your peers, SAF. Just want to see whether the company have any interest in where the economy and what leads to change in order for the economy to be compatible with renewable diesel from your standpoint for you to be interested. And if you -- at that point, what kind of investment you will need to make in order to make the switch? So that's the first question. The second question is probably for Lane. North Atlantic, the fourth quarter margin capture was really good, it’s great. Just want to see if there's any one-off events or also that within the 2 facility in Europe and also that -- in capacity, I mean, which is a stronger unit in terms of the margin capture in the fourth quarter?
Martin Parrish: Okay. It's Martin. I'll get started there, Paul. I think we were all looking at the Build Back Better Bill and what was in that on a tax credit basis for SAF and what we saw that incentive level proposed in that bill was not sufficient to attract additional investment to make SAF versus the base case of producing renewable diesel with an existing unit. However, we're still progressing SAF production through our gated engineering process; and concurrently, we're developing customers. There are plenty of customers interested in SAF but a favorable tax credit, something else is going to be required or tax credit or something else to really get over the hump to where SAF is economic to produce relative to producing renewable diesel.  That being said, we're still confident that SAF production is a question of when and not if. We think the margins will eventually work. The SAF is the only way to reduce the carbon intensity of air travel.
Paul Cheng: How big is the -- sorry, Lane. Just wanted to follow up on what Martin said. How big is the gap in terms of the incentive for you to fund SAF to be attractive enough compared to the renewable diesel? And also technically that what kind of investment you need to make and how big is the investment for you that to make DGD that to be able to produce that, call it, 20% or 30% in SAF?
Martin Parrish: Yes. On the gap, I mean, we're somewhere probably around the $0.70 a gallon gap still, Paul, to make it economic. On the investment, we're still going through our gated process. So we don't have a number on that yet. We have preliminary numbers, but we don't have a number that we're ready to share yet.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you. Lane?
Lane Riggs : All right. So yes, what's interesting about the 2 refineries we have in the Atlantic Basin is Quebec is seasonally stronger in the fourth and the first quarter, it's largely a distillate, very specialized distillate producing refinery configured, whereas Pembroke is really more of a gasoline producing configured refinery. So that's kind of how they work out. So really, in terms of the fourth quarter performance, it's really Quebec well on their margin capture. And obviously, you have the issues with around high natural gas prices over in the UK Obviously, that helped sort of hurt their margin capture in Pembroke.
Paul Cheng: And Lane is there any one-off item that you're benefiting in the quarter? Or that -- it's just that you guys have done a phenomenal job in the operation and be able to fully capture the benefit of that in the market?
Lane Riggs : I like the second answer, but it's a -- yes. Quebec ran -- they both ran really well in the quarter. So...
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: Wanted to just circle back to the industry capacity questions. A few other analysts on the call have alluded to a lot of closures over the past 12 months, but there are some third parties and some management in the industry that are suggesting that the number of closures is even higher than any of us are aware of or any kind of report that we would see might confirm. And so I wonder what your thoughts on that are? And then secondly, there's a 2-part question, but only one. Theoretically where cracks are today, you would think that capacity rationalization would stop here or slow down. But there's other factors that may be driving some closures. So if you think that this trend could continue based on noneconomic factors, would love your input on that, too?
Lane Riggs : Sam, it's Lane. So I think we are trying to study the data right now because what we see the similar issue in terms of what where utilization is and versus closures. And again, it's just sort of what we're sort of preliminary deciding or looking at as we think that there's probably some slowdowns that are occurring maybe because of maintenance deferrals or turnaround deferrals in the industry. We don't -- that's not something we know, but it's a theory as to what you're seeing. And certainly, where margins are now the call on capacity is pretty much max. So other than the turnarounds and the outages, the refinery utilization ought to be in this 90% to 95% range. Once you get all the DOE data worked out to make sure all the refineries do you think shouldn't be in and everything. That's kind of where we see it as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe just 1 quick follow-up on your comments on California from earlier. I know you had talked about some of the longer-term lease issues of low carbon fuel standard credits. Do you have a view on for the next 12 months where you think the LCFS credit go from here? We've gone from 200 to 150-ish. Do you see further downside? Or do you think we stabilize here?
Martin Parrish: That's a good question. This is Martin. What's difficult about this is you're always driving with your rearview mirror, right? The last -- the data lags by 6 months and not complained about that. It makes sense. It's a lot of data. But -- so we're always kind of -- we've got -- at the end of this month, we'll get the third quarter data. I think what's interesting is when you look at it, the credit price obviously depends on credit generation versus deficit generation and COVID certainly reduced deficit generation and it has been since the second quarter of '20. So you have to think the credit prices have been reduced by COVID. And then the other thing that's interesting to me is when you look at the credit generation in 2Q '21, I'd say that it certainly surprised me to the upside. But when you dig into that, there's really 2 line items in the credit generation that stand out. The first was that bio CNG, bio compressed natural gas was 13% of all the 2Q '21 credits, and that line item was up 190% versus 2019. And second, off-road electricity generated 9% of all credits. Now this is off-road, not on-road, and that was up 146% versus 2019. And more interestingly, on the off-road, 71% of those credits came from e-forklifts. so when you think about the bio CNG, the off-road, the e-forklifts, you just wonder if that pace of credit generation can continue on the infrastructure and just really the -- gets in the way, right? I don't know how many times you can replace your forklift to get an e-forklift, but it seems like that would run out at some point. So we'll see how that shakes out. But if you think about those 2 line items, that's, what, 21%, 22% of the credits in California from 2 line items there, which really were very small in the past. So that's just kind of an interesting data. And then the other is biodiesel, renewable diesel and on-road electricity credit generation as a percent of total credits were all flat for 2Q '21 versus 2019 as a whole. That's just a little color. Hopefully, that helps.
Ryan Todd: That's great. And then maybe just one overall. I know you've talked a lot about what you've seen generally in terms of demand, particularly here in the U.S. Any comments in terms of what you're seeing on the product export side that may indicate what you're seeing on international product demand, particularly in your primary export markets?
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So I would tell you, we're probably seeing -- we're not seeing the recovery in Latin America quite as fast as we've seen in North America or the UK. So demand is still down a little bit. We're seeing good export demand into the region. I would expect in the first quarter, our exports will be down a little bit, not really an indication of demand in Latin America, but more a function of maintenance activity occurring, especially in the U.S. Gulf Coast during the quarter and really good domestic demand. But the demand is there in Latin America in our typical export markets.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen.
Jason Gabelman: I wanted to dovetail off a comment that was just made, maintenance in the Gulf Coast. It looks like guidance or throughput is down quarter-over-quarter for 1Q from 4Q about 300,000 barrels a day. Can you just discuss if what maintenance activity you're going to have on 1Q, if there are other one-time items impacting that guidance? And if you think that's indicative of the industry as a whole, just given it seems like there was a lot maintenance delayed due to COVID over the past couple of years. And then my second question is, hopefully, one you can answer kind of on geopolitics and what's going on with Russia. Valero imports a lot of intermediate feedstock from Russia and can you just discuss maybe the margin kind of enhancement that provides and how you're more broadly thinking about both the risks and opportunities these geopolitical issues with Russia present for your company?
Lane Riggs : So this is Lane. I'll take the first one. So we don't really comment directly on our turnaround activity going into the quarter. The volumes are the proxy for that, so you can just sort of decide what that means. And we certainly don't -- we also don't comment on our peers on what we think they're doing with respect to turnarounds. This is just sort of a policy for us.
Joe Gorder: Gary, you want to talk about Russia?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So obviously, we don't really until any kind of sanctions are announced, we don't really know what they would entail. What I can tell you is that when we've seen things like this happen in the past in other locations, it simply results in a change in trade flows. So what we would expect to happen here is some of those intermediates that we're running today will be run somewhere else throughout the world. And wherever those end up going, they'll kick out feedstocks that make it available for us to run. So certainly, as a commercial team, we're looking at what those are today and making sure we have them approved in our system and are ready to run them if we need to in the future.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Connor Lynagh of Morgan Stanley.
Connor Lynagh: Maybe sticking with major exporters. I was wondering what you guys made of the discussion around Pemex potentially ending crude exports? And what do you see as the implications? Do you think it's likely to occur? And what do you think the implications on particularly the Gulf Coast refining industry would be?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I think Lane has been pretty public on our views on being able to meaningfully change refinery reliability and utilization. He's kind of said 2 turnaround cycles and a lot of capital. So it looks like their goals are pretty aggressive. But if they're able to increase refinery utilization, if it does focus refinery starts up, certainly, it would decrease the amount of crude for export. Our view is that the first destinations to be cut will really be European destinations and Asian destinations for export from Mexico. [It goes first]. Our experience has been that as they increase refinery runs in Mexico, they increase the export of high-sulfur fuel oil, and that's a good feedstock for our high complexity U.S. Gulf Coast system that actually serves as a nice complement to a lot of the light sweet grades we run in our U.S. Gulf Coast system. We've had a long-standing great relationship with Pemex, and we expect that to continue long into the future.
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Helpful context. Maybe just returning to the capacity question, but in a global sense. The closures, obviously, you had sort of a net decline in some areas and you're sort of at least in theory, flipping back to growth at a global capacity level over the next couple of years here. I mean do you -- are you concerned about that? Do you see that meaningfully altering the -- to your earlier point, product flows or crude flows? Just how do you think about that impact on your margins?
Lane Riggs : This is Lane. I mean, we read the same journals you guys do and trade magazines, and we have people that keep up with refinery closures and refineries starting up. Obviously the Middle East has some refinery starting up. China has some. I guess we sort of believe that China has this longer-term plan of having larger refineries run instead of what we call the teapot refineries. But at the end of the day, it's hard to really sort of have a real strong view on where all this really heads. I always go back to when the refinery -- the Indian refinery alliance was starting up, and we were concerned then, and we from our experience were able to review those refineries, stress and calculated their import parity into our marketing. At the end of the day, what happened is most of the barrels stayed in the region. So you just -- these are difficult things to work through. But what we do is we run our assets. We make sure they're competitive not holding here in the U.S. but everywhere in the world. And we know that as long as there's [rent] out there in this industry, we'll get our share of it. So...
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thanks, Donna. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Obviously, if there's anything you want to follow up on, feel free to ping the IR team. Thank you, and have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Valero Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. Operator Instructions]. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations & Finance. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO, Lane Riggs, our President and COO, Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President & Chief Commercial Officer, and several other members of Valero Senior Management Team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer. And good morning, everyone. We saw significant improvement in refining margins globally in the third quarter as economic activity in mobility continued to recover in key markets. Finding margins were supported by strong recovery in product demand, coupled with product inventories falling to low levels during the quarter. In fact, total U.S. light product inventories are now at 5-year lows, and total light product demand is over 95% of the 2019 level. Across our system, current gasoline sales are at 95% of the 2019 level, and diesel sales are 10% higher than in 2019. And on the crude oil side, medium and heavy sour crude oil differentials widened during the quarter as OPEC+ increased supply. Hurricane Ida resulted in some downtime at our St. Charles in Miro refineries and the Diamond Green Diesel Plant. We immediately deployed emergency teams and supplies after the storm to help our employees, their families, and the surrounding communities in the restoration and recovery effort. The affected facilities did not sustain significant damage from the storm and once power and utilities were restored, the plants were successfully restarted. I'm very proud of our team's efforts in the ability to safely shutdown and restart our operations. Despite the impacts of the hurricane, we also completed the Diamond Green Diesel expansion project, DGD 2. In the third quarter, ahead of schedule, and on-budget and are in the process of starting up the new unit. DGD 2 increases renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year, bringing DGD's total renewable diesel capacity to 690 million gallons per year. In addition, we successfully completed and started up the new Pembroke Cogeneration unit in the third quarter. Which is expected to provide an efficient and reliable source of electricity and steam and further enhance the refineries competitiveness. Looking ahead, the DGD 3 project at our Port Arthur refinery continues to progress and is still expected to be operational in the first half of 2023. With the completion of these 470 million gallons per year plan, DGGS total annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel, and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. The large-scale carbon sequestration project with BlackRock and Navigator is also progressing on schedule. Navigator has received the necessary board approvals to proceed with the carbon capture pipeline system, as a result of a successful binding open season. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with 8 ethanol plants connected to this system, which should provide a higher ethanol product margin, uplift. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refineries utilization rate and improved turnaround efficiency, is still expected to be completed in 2023. On the financial side, we remain disciplined in our allocation of capital, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. We redeemed the entire outstanding principal amount of our $575 million floating rate senior notes due in 2023 in the third quarter. And we ended the quarter well-capitalized with 3.5 billion of cash and 5.2 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Looking ahead, we continue to have a favorable outlook on refining margins as a result of low global product inventories, continued demand recovery, and global balances supported by the significant refinery capacity rationalization seen over the last year-and-a-half. In addition, the expected high natural gas prices in Europe and Asia through the winter should further support liquid fuels demand as power generation facilities, industrial consumers, and petrochemical producers see incentives to switch from natural gas to refinery oil products for feed stock and energy needs. Continued improvement in earnings of our core refining business, coupled with the ongoing expansion of our renewable’s businesses, should strengthen our competitive advantage and drive long-term shareholder returns. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the third quarter of 2021, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $463 million or $1.13 per share compared to a net loss of $464 million or $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2020. Third quarter 2021 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $500 million or $1.22 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $472 million or $1.16 per share for the third quarter of 2020. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that acCompany the earnings release. The refining segment reported 835 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2021 compared to a 629 million operating loss for the third quarter of 2020. Third quarter 2021 adjusted operating income for the refining segment was 853 million compared to an adjusted operating loss of 575 million for the third quarter of 2020. Refining throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2021 averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was 338,000 barrels per day, higher than the third quarter of 2020. Throughput capacity utilization was 91% in the third quarter of 2021 compared to 80% in the third quarter of 2020. Refining cash, operating expenses of $4.53 per barrel were $0.27 per barrel higher than the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher natural gas prices. The renewable diesel segment operating income was 108 million for the third quarter of 2021 compared to 184 million for the third quarter of 2020. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 671,000 gallons per day in the third quarter of 2021, which was 199,000 gallons per day lower than the third quarter of 2020. The lower operating income and sales volumes in the third quarter of 2021 are primarily attributed to plant downtime due to Hurricane Ida. The ethanol segment reported a 44 million operating loss for the 3rd quarter of 2021 compared to 22 million of operating income for the 3rd quarter of 2020. Excluding the adjustments shown in the acCompanying earnings release tables, third quarter 2021 adjusted operating income was 4 million compared to 36 million for the third quarter of 2020. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.6 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2021, which was 175 thousand gallons per day lower than the third quarter of 2020. For the third quarter of 2021 G&A expenses were $195 million and net interest expense was $152 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $641 million and income tax expense were $65 million for the third quarter of 2021. The effective tax rate was 11%, which reflects the benefit from the portion of DGD's net income that is not taxable to us. Net cash provided by operating activities was 1.4 billion in the third quarter of 2021. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of 379 million and our joint venture partners, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel, net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was 1 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made 585 million of total capital investments in the third quarter of 2021. Of which 191 million was for sustaining the business including costs for turnarounds, catalyst, and regulatory compliance, and 394 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments, attributable to our partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were 392 million in the third quarter of 2021. Moving to financing activities, we returned $400 million to our stockholders in the third quarter of 2021 through our dividend, resulting in a payout ratio of 40% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities for the quarter. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt and finance lease obligations were 14.2 billion and cash and cash equivalents were 3.5 billion. And as Joe mentioned earlier, we redeemed the entire outstanding principal amount of our 575 million floating rate senior notes due in 2023 in the third quarter. The debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 37%, and at the end of September, we had 5.2 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we still expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2021 to be approximately 2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, and joint venture investments. About 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. And over 60% of our growth capital in 2021 is allocated to expanding our renewable diesel business. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.67 to 1.72 million barrels per day, Mid-continent at 455 to 475 thousand barrels per day, West Coast at 230 to 250 thousand barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 435 to 455 thousand barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $4.70 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to average 1 million gallons per day in 2021. Operating expenses in 2021 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.2 million gallons per day in the 4th quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.43 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense should be about a $150 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $600 million. For 2021, we still expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $850 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again, respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than 2 questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hi, Joe and team. Morning Homer, thanks for getting on the call [Indiscernible]. Joe, I want to start with a balance sheet question and then a macro question if I may. So, this might be for Jason, but when you think forward to 2022, you've obviously completed the renewable diesel expansion at this point, your capital this year, you obviously had growth capital in there still, and your balance sheet is still probably above where you'd like to see at mid-cycle, how should we be thinking about Capex and prioritizing the right level of debt or balance sheet that you'd like to have as we think about 2022?
Joe Gorder : Go ahead, Jason.
Jason Fraser : Okay. Yeah, On Capex, I mean, our Capex budget going forward, we're forecasting to be pretty consistent with -- as we've done in the past so really no change there. And as we end up with extra as you said, excess cash flow that -- we have our commitment to shareholders to return the 40% to 50% that really hasn't changed. We have our dividend which we think is in a pretty good place relative to the peers. And then we will have buybacks to make up to our target and then cash beyond that, we are going to look at delivering a bit, that's a commitment we made. We bought back to 575 of floating rate notes and just last month. And we're looking to do more next week. I mean, sorry, next year, as it moves forward.
Doug Leggate : We would you like that to be Jason, I guess is my point. Where do you want net debt-to-cap to be?
Jason Fraser : But we hadn't changed what we have in our frameworks to 20, 30%. So, we hadn't changed that, but we're definitely working down from where we are now. I don't know that we've changed our -- the endpoint at this time.
Doug Leggate : Okay. Thank you. Joe my macro question is really, I want to try and phrase it like this. There's a ton of moving parts, for you guys in particular with top-line reversing and obviously OPEC+ adding back oil and all the rest of it. So, you got spread side of it. And then you go the product side of it with jet-fuel perhaps being the missing link. Maybe the simplest way to ask this question is do you see for Valero 2022 at this point from what you know, as an above mid cycle year on a below mid-cycle year in terms of EBITDA, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Joe Gorder : Thanks, Doug.
Gary Simmons : Hey Doug, this is Gary. I would tell you, on the demand side of the equation, our view of 2022 has been fairly consistent. We see gasoline and diesel demand recurring -- returning to pre -pandemic levels. Our view is jet -- it probably is the latter part of the year before jet demand recovers to pre -pandemic levels. The real change on 2022 is coming from the fact that inventories are just so low. Inventories domestically are low, but globally they are low as well. And when you look at the fourth quarter turnaround activity, it's difficult for us to see that we're going to replenish clean product inventories before next year. And so going into next year with inventories low, we're starting to move to a view that we can see some fairly strong crack spreads. I think in addition to that, the high-cost natural gas also comes into play. When you look at places around the world that are paying $30 a million BTU for natural gas, it pressures that refining capacity and kind of raises the incremental crack spreads needed for them to run, which also pushes margins higher. So, I would tell you that we probably came in looking at 2022 slightly below mid-cycle and it's trending now more above mid-cycle type levels.
Doug Leggate : Appreciate the answers, guys. We'll talk to you in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Joe Gorder : Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen : Hi, there. Good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder : Morning, Theresa.
Theresa Chen : Thanks for taking my question, morning. Gary, I wanted to follow up on your comments about the natural gas pressures internationally, and clearly, we're seeing some of it domestically as well. So first maybe just on the competitive dynamics between domestic and refiners elsewhere, Europe, for example, how does -- how do you think this affects the competitive positioning of your assets, and where do you see that export or potentially going to?
Gary Simmons : Well, that's a good question. I guess might ask for some lane help here. Natural gas is what about 25% of our OpEx?
Joe Gorder : I'll [Indiscernible]
Gary Simmons : Yeah. So, you kind of figure $4 a barrel and a dollar and that's natural gas. And if you're paying $30 versus 5, you can see what that does for overall refinery cash operating expenses, which does give us a very significant advantage into those export markets. We're seeing that today. You're not seeing much flow from Europe into those Latin American markets, and we're seeing a big pull into those markets.
Theresa Chen : Got it. And maybe, switching gears a little bit, I would love to get an update on your outlook on renewable diesel economics. As DGD 2 is now starting up, and specifically, it looks like LCFS prices have hit a trough and now are seeing some signs of life consistent with Martin's previous expectations. Is this largely because of demand recovery or petroleum products in California beginning to higher deficit generation? Is there something else going on here? Would love it if Martin can look into his crystal ball again and give us a sense of where prices could go from here.
Martin Parrish : Okay, Theresa. This is Martin, I'll give that a shot. I think, yeah, we've seen the LCFS prices rebound $1.75 a metric ton now. I think some of that's due to the expectation to game the second half data out. Second quarter of '21 data will be published at the end of the month, but if you go back and look, it's really obvious the deficits after 2019, just stopped increasing. And at that time, the carbon reduction goal was moving from 6.25% to 7.5% to 8.75%. So historically each year you'd see a step change in deficits, we've seen nothing happen since 2019. and credits are keeping up with deficits and the credit bank is flat. So that kind of explains why the pricing went away. It's not an over generation of credits, it's the lack of deficits. It's clear. And I think with the Delta variant now, hopefully, in the rear-view mirror and mobility improving, we would expect to see some pretty big changes in the deficit picture in California, going forward. And I think that's what the market is beginning to expect. As far as the renewable diesel economics, the DGD, as we signaled, we expected the margins to moderate versus the record margins in the first half of 2021. Part of this is DGD 2 getting into the marketplace. We're impacting the waste feed stock market at this point because we're changing the flows and any time you change the flows and change the inertia of the market, you're going to see a temporary increase in price. Once the new flows work through the market, we expect those prices to moderate, and go back to what we always talk about, the annual margins. We've been very consistent the past 3 years. Our annual margins only move from 218 a gallon to 237 a gallon in that 3-year period, and we believe that margin history is a good indication of what to expect in the future.
Theresa Chen : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read : Yeah, good morning, everybody.
Joe Gorder : Hey, Roger.
Roger Read : Just, uh -- let's go ahead and beat the natural gas horse hear completely to death. I know you've got cogen plant that helps you sort of mitigate things a little bit over in Europe. As you step back and look at both your operations and think about it, you were somebody else, what are the options for mitigation of higher natural gas costs? I mean, do you hedge -- do you think others hedge? Another way to come at it is mentioned in the intro. Joe, I think you said was, probably demand for some other liquid products. So, what are the -- some of the ratios we should think about there is to how that could pull additional product demand and what are, maybe, the trigger points for why you would do that over natural gas?
Lane Riggs : Hey, Roger. This is Lane. So, I'll take a shot at some of these. One is, yeah, we do have completed our [Indiscernible] project over on Pembroke and so you'd sort of ask yourself, "Hey, a $30 gas. Does this still even work? " And it does. I mean our FID economics on that unit was about $105,000 a day of benefit, and today we're somewhere between $130 to $150,000 a day and it just has to do with the -- who the marginal supplier of electricity in that market versus an the efficient cogen. So that's where we have that margin that we have running it and it does help. Now a lot of people in the U.K. a lot of those guys rather have cogens as well, I don't know how efficient they are, because that's where these relative economics lie. Is how efficient your cogen is versus the marginal guy in that market. Because as Gary alluded to earlier, what you're seeing is you need margin in the Atlantic Basin because of the call on their capacity to essentially run oil and satisfy the market. So, what that means is Europe and UK are going to be very marginal in their economics, but that gives a bit -- that gives a substantially larger margin to people on this side of the Atlantic. In terms of ways to mitigate it through hedging or is a few ways, one is in just minimize gas. You can start burning propane, you can do other things, most of our refineries for their complexity, we're long gas, so we can always get into a place where we are essentially deriving our natural gas requirements from oil. And so, we played out arbitrage and signal around and try to see where that is. And the other thing is use option strategy. You know, you can go out and buy coal options for gas and in various ways of using options to mitigate your exposure. And then, obviously you can go out and buy before contract. I don't know how many people do that. It's an interesting question. And we look at it all the time and we compare -- you know, we look a little bit at his insurance because it's not free, right? And so, you have to take a view of my trying to use this to lower my exposure from a cost perspective, and my trying to -- my trying to prevent a shock incident. In other words, something like we saw during winter storm Yuri or something like that. So, you have to sort of frame -- what are you trying to do here? Because it isn't free. And if it doesn't translate into something that costs for somebody our size, that that being just additional operating cost, we essentially paid his insurance. And so, you have other ways to do it. You can decide to fix or float as you're getting closer towards the end of the month. There's a lot of tools in our tool bag to mitigate this but at the end of the day, to try to lock in lower prices going forward, it's almost always structural contango. If you look in the curve right now, it's kind of crazy looking, and so everybody's staring at this because you can see the futures activity in the first quarter. And so, it's difficult, but we do have tools to do that.
Joe Gorder : Did you speak to fuel switching?
Roger Read : Great, thanks.
Lane Riggs : I did, I mean that's why I was saying we can -- we fuel switch.
Joe Gorder : Propane. Yeah, okay.
Lane Riggs : Mainly propane, but we also made gas from our operations.
Joe Gorder : Okay.
Roger Read : Thanks. On the -- let's look at it from a happier standpoint, the product demand side, it appears jet fuel should get a lift with some of the international travel restrictions coming off next month. And then we obviously have supply chain issues in trucking. I was just curious. You mentioned earlier that it looked like diesel demand was up versus 19 levels. Do you think there's another lift up, focused on logistics, and just general trucking demand? And then how do you see the jet fuel demand picture? Hopefully, improving as we get into year-end.
Jason Fraser : Yes, so Roger, I think there is a good chance -- some upside to diesel. We've seen good harvest demand. A lot of it depends on the fourth quarter, what happens in weather, but specifically on the trucking side, still a lot of companies struggling to find drivers to drive the trucks and get products moved around. So, I think, as we worked through that and get drivers back to work, there is a chance that you'd see more highway demand for diesel. Which is encouraging. On the jet side, we saw a nice step change in the third quarter. We were trending 71%, 72% of 2019 levels and that jumped into the 80s. So that's nice to see. At that level, you're kind of overall total. Product demand is about 300,000 barrels a day below where it was in 2019. But you've got 675,000 barrels a day less refining capacity. So already, you're really tighter supply, demand balance is, at least, domestically, than we were pre -pandemic. And then we are seeing encouraging signs on the jet side. You look, we don't have a lot of transparency there, but the nominations that we're seeing from the airlines that we supply, seemed to show that they are anticipating a pretty heavy holiday travel season and so we would expect an uptake there with jet demand.
Roger Read : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh : Yeah. Good morning. Just following up on the last commentary around the domestic supply demand picture, how are you thinking about the export markets right now? It seems like the Brazilian demand is really starting to pick up from recent data points. So just in general, what are you seeing and then how do you think about the competitive dynamics in those export markets given the situation with European refineries right now?
Gary Simmons : Yeah, so I would tell you that, you know, our export demand has returned to pre -pandemic levels. Very good mobility in Latin America, and we're seeing very strong export demand on the diesel side, the same type thing, very good export demand and the arb to Europe is swinging kind of open and closing pull to Europe as well. So again, trade flows seem to have completely normalized to where they were pre -pandemic.
Phil Gresh : Got it. Okay. And then, my second question is just, there's been a lot of discussion of the impact of higher natural gas on European refineries, and the effect it's had on crack spread, so if we were to see a scenario or natural gas prices were to come back down in Europe, do you feel like the underlying diesel crack would still be stronger than where it was before all this happened just because of underlying demand improvements or, just curious how we should think about that?
Martin Parrish : Yeah. So, I suspect you would see some falloff in the crack spread as natural gas weakened, however, the inventory situation will continue to keep and support crack spreads. It looks to us, especially in Europe, even if they ramp up utilization, and you look at where demand is versus the inventory draw that's been trending, it's going to be very difficult for Europe to really replenish their stocks and as long as that's the case, we would expect it to support the cracks.
Phil Gresh : Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Prashant Rao of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Prashant Rao: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask first on -- just little bit on the capital allocation policy. Given the commentary around EBITDA being -- looking like, it could be little bit above mid-cycle next year and what you said about giving it a comfortable place on the dividend and looking to maintain your capital allocation framework. I'm just curious how DGDs earnings can, specifically the distributions from [Indiscernible] fit into that? I think many of us have been expecting, maybe the distributions up for the partners come later. Given that you've got Capex on DGD 3 coming and that project is set for 2023 start, but is that a factor on how you think about potentially putting more money back to shareholders and specifically to the dividend? Or is the distribution not really that material versus the other sources of cash flow that you have?
Jason Fraser : Okay, this is Jason I can take a shot. And you're right, it's definitely a positive development and going to get bigger and bigger as the DGDs more units come online. So, it is significant, it doesn't change our math on how we look at it, we get half of the distributions and that's cash into us and we still acquire 40% to 50% target in our normal analysis in that aspect, but it's definitely a growing [Indiscernible] EBITDA to us it's very -- excited about and will help us going forward.
Prashant Rao: Thanks, Jason. I wanted to ask about something we haven't touched on yet, Ethanol and CCUs Project, good progress there. Couple of questions here in one, how soon could you FID or what do you need to see to be able to roll in the remainder of the footprint in to a CCS project and then up from a macro standpoint or I guess from more of a revenue standpoint, we've got some news about 45 queue increases for certain increase -- for certain industries. We've also got some volatility around the RFS and what that means for overall ethanol demand and support from the government for ethanol blending. I was just wondering if the second part of the question, if you could address how those -- all those factors might affect your thoughts about the project. Thanks.
Martin Parrish : Yeah, Prashant, this is Martin. Well, we're operating 12 ethanol plants now. 8 of them are going into the navigator system. And the ones on the eastern side -- the four on the eastern side, we're moving forward with sequestration plans at three of the four. And potentially all of them a little bit down the road, but the geology on the eastern side of the U.S. -- so this is Indiana and Ohio, is the Eastern side of the [Indiscernible] I should say, is good for CCUS. So, we're planning to do sequestration at the -- actually on-site. So now that's going through our gated process, and still hurdles to get through there. But that's the plan. So that's where we're headed on that. And we're excited about CCUS. as you stated, the 45Q is an uplift of about $0.15 a gallon and just on a gross basis. The Low Carbon getting to a 40ci versus 70s worth almost $0.50 a gallon on a gross basis. As far as we look at demand for ethanol, we're feeling, I think, pretty good about maybe something happening with the fuel spec in the U.S. to get to a 95 RON, a higher efficiency engine. Good for the autos, good for ethanol, good for oil. So, we're more optimistic about that than we probably have been in the past, that would increase the ethanol blending. The Ethanol is definitely in the fuel mix to stay in the U.S. And we're seeing -- now we're getting into situation too with pretty good export demand again, that's kind of picking back up post the big impacts of COVID. So, we're pretty optimistic about the future there. But it's really -- what's driving our optimism is the Low Carbon. We're deep into corn fiber ethanol at this point. Producing that at several sites and the outlook for the carbon sequestration.
Prashant Rao: Got it. Thanks, Martin. Appreciate that. Thank you very much, guys. I'll leave it there.
Joe Gorder : Thanks, Prashant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Manav Gupta of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta : Hey guys. A little bit follow-up on that question. When we go back and look at 18 and 19 and you're specifically our Gulf Coast scrap, it was about averaging about 1072. You are indicators are indicating it's closer to 13 right now. Brand WCS is almost 9. I know we have still some times to go in this quarter, but the way things are shaping up is it fair to say your strongest Gulf course quarter in probably 2 to 3 years is now approaching?
Gary Simmons : Well, again, we don't know how the quarter is going to shape-up. But certainly, if you look at the month-to-date indicator, it is significantly above mid-cycle. We would agree with you on that.
Manav Gupta : Okay. And a quick follow-up here is there are number of commercial technologies out there to produce sustainable aviation fuel, but nothing works like HAFFA and nobody works HAFFA better than Valero does. And so, we're seeing out there smaller players come out with lesser commercial technologies, get big off-take agreements with airlines, big companies, and the guy who can do it that best is still sitting on the sidelines. So, I was wondering what gets Valero involved in sustainable aviation fuel?
Martin Parrish : Sure, Manav, this is Martin. Well, we're progressing our SAF production through our gated engineering process and we're currently developing, talking with customers, and as you stated, there's plenty of customers that are interested in SAF, so it's not really a demand issue. And also want to state that a DGD 4 is not required for SAF as we have -- can retrofit DGD 1, 2 or 3 or any combination thereof. The thing about SAF is it does require additional investment, a fractionator at a minimum and maybe additional equipment beyond that. So, the price of SAP needs to be such to justify that incremental investment. So, we're not waiting engineering-wise for the final outcome on the SAP blender's tax credit. But we do think a favorable tax credit compared to the -- a dollar gallon that you get on the blender's tax credit. So favorable one to that, it's likely needed to proceed beyond engineering. And as you say, it's not a question of if we are going to produce and sell SAP, it's a question of when. But again, we're looking for positive incremental EBITDA out of this, and not just to do it. So that's what's the holdup is right now.
Manav Gupta : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey : Good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder : Hello. Paul.
Paul Sankey : It's a long time since we've worried about natural gas prices. Can you remind me what the sensitivity sort of rule of thumb you guys uses for how battle good it is, and how much that's changed since, it's been 10 years or so since it's really been a problem, has your asset-based changed in terms of sensitivity? Thanks.
Jason Fraser : Dollar change per million BTUs, about $0.20, $0.22 a barrel or gross.
Paul Sankey : Great. Lane while I have you, the crude slate has changed a lot over that period as well. Nothing from Venezuela, very low Saudi, plenty from Canada, issues with Mexico. Can you just talk about -- and also notably some significant discounts, for example, West Africa to brand, Dubai to brand. Can you talk a bit about how you're managing the crude market? Thanks.
Lane Riggs : I'll let my good friend Gary answer that question.
Gary Simmons : So far today, if you look, we're seeing the widest margin in some of the heavy feed stocks we run. You mentioned, heavy canadian has good margins, some of the fuel blend stocks that we're running today have good margin. In terms of the other light sweet to medium sour, it comes and goes. If you look at today's market, it would favor light sweet over medium sours. But in general, what we're seeing is, in our Gulf Coast assets, as you move east in the Gulf, you tend to have better economics on the medium sours, and as you move west, it favors running more light sweet.
Paul Sankey : Is the -- has the lower amount of crude coming out of the U.S. itself had a major impact?
Gary Simmons : No. As long as we are still exporting crude, that really kind of sets the Brent TI and we're a long way from getting to a point where we're not in the export markets.
Paul Sankey : Yeah, that make sense. The -- in fact my rule of thumb for my final part, what's your sensitivity to jet fuel if there's a way of framing that? Because obviously if we see that come back, I would have thought it's the highest margin product you guys produce. I just want to know how maybe what the opportunity cost has being at the lost jet fuel or what the issues have been around operations. Thanks.
Lane Riggs : This is Lane. I would tell you that I don't know if I would -- Gary, I wouldn't consider. It's all a matter of optimization. If you look at it historically it's has had the ran in it. So, you can compare jet to ULSD and you can see what it -- almost always in the industry [Indiscernible] out to the penny. So, I would say most of the time, unless there's something unusual, the market is essentially in different ULSD between jet. Now with that said, our operations, especially we can actually go -- almost go down to 0 jet, and the way we we're configured, so I wouldn't say there's been a big opportunity cost not making jet. Now, obviously, what that means to the industry is that jet has been going into diesel. And so, to the extent it created [Indiscernible] and potentially hurt the crack, but as you've heard throughout the call, jet -- diesel demand is actually above where it was. So, there's been some offsets to all that. Specifically, I don't think us not being able to make jet's been a big [Indiscernible] to us.
Paul Sankey : Yeah, that makes sense and it's just -- you make an interesting point about how much latent diesel demand there is with the shortage of truckers and everything else. The diesel market looks really, really tight, right?
Jason Fraser : Yes.
Paul Sankey : Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng : Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder : Morning.
Paul Cheng : I want to also ask a question on the natural gas. Lane, I think you talked about earlier when Sankey ask ed about the cost, the $0.22 per barrel. How about on the gross margin capture, given that the hydrocracker [Indiscernible] for heavy [Indiscernible] put, you use up 0.6 PCF of gas and hydro treatment [Indiscernible], so how should we look at the higher natural gas price to impact volumes on the gross margin? After that I have another question.
Jason Fraser : Yeah, it's about $0.10 a barrel in cost of goods.
Paul Cheng : Is $0.10 per barrel for every $1?
Jason Fraser : Yes.
Paul Cheng : Okay. The second question is that, I think this is for Martin. When we look at the DGD, we saw in the third quarter in ethanol, they both come in the gross margin worse than what the benchmark indicator will be. Benchmark indicator is in now number that for renewable diesel, seems like it's pretty spread. But your gross margin, accurate job, placed substantially. And then for ethanol is actually up on the gross margin indicator, but you guys are actually did not. It is actually down. I think for ethanol it's a fiscal issue and I think that a bit of the fiscal issue on the renewable diesel in the third quarter also. So, can you maybe elaborate a bit, help us to understand what happened and also whether those trends continue into the fourth quarter? And also, if you can tell us that -- what is the current DGD 2 curve on one way? Thank you.
Gary Simmons : Hi, Paul, I might need some help in keeping those straight. Here we go. I'm going to start with ethanol. Bust it, Paul Cheng. The third quarter, as you stated, the indicator margin was $0.70 a gallon,
Lane Riggs : which was up $0.30 a gallon versus the second quarter. But what you have to remember about that indicator margin is, it's based on the Cbot corn price and does not include the corn basis. In most years, that's a fine approximation to our corn costs, but due to the low corn to stocks -- ratio of the use to -- the stocks to use ratio this year basis was extremely high. If you look at some of the U.S.D.A reports, basis was $1, $1.20 bushel. So that takes $0.30 to $0.40 out of the indicator. So, at the end of the day, the indicator was just artificially high and that kind of EBITDA was not achievable.
Gary Simmons : So, the good news is now, with the new corn crop, while the Cbot price is still high, the basis has broken. So those indicator margins you're seeing now, which are over a dollar a gallon, are pretty indicative of where the industry would be. So that's -- so it's not an ongoing issue. But this corn price is going to stay high. And we're going to go through this period probably again next year, where basis, as you get to the end of the corn crop, really gets high. But right now, we're kind of -- the basis is broken. On DGD, the indicator was down to like $2.84 in the third quarter, pretty flat, the second quarter, but on DGD, there's quite a few things moving. The first thing I would tell you, we signaled that we would have lower margins in the third quarter. Some of that was we expected this price is -- as prices are going up, the product prices, fat prices, all that's going up. The RIN goes up immediately, but we've got a lag in our cost of goods with the fat, so when you break over and that price quits increasing or starts decreasing, then your RIN falls immediately and you're still consuming a higher-priced feed stock. So, we had some of that in the third quarter. The other thing that's happened in the third quarter is we were out buying for DGD 2 and we're entering the market and I went through that earlier. Anytime you go into the market in a big way and change these flows, we got inertia in the market and it's going to take a while for it to get back down so we expect these [Indiscernible] prices and a price relative to soybean oil, and we're seeing a little good news there now. So, we expect that to correct itself too. And I'm trying to think what else I missed here.
Paul Cheng : What's the DGD 2 current run rate?
Gary Simmons : Hey, were just in the process of starting it up, Paul, but we're moving along well. Everything looks good, we don't have a run rate yet.
Paul Cheng : Okay. So, you haven't actually stopped running yet?
Lane Riggs : Yeah. This is Lane. We actually started it up about three days ago.
Paul Cheng : I see. Okay. We do. Thank you.
Jason Fraser : Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin : Hey, good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder : Hey, Sam.
Sam Margolin : Follow-up on capital allocation as the cycle gets firmer here. In the past, the buyback and dividend growths worked together, right? It was sort of partially enabled to grow your dividend as much as you did because you took out 30% of your shares. As we think about entering kind of the next phase of the cycle here into a potentially stronger period, do they have to be together or can you do one component of increasing capital returns without the other?
Joe Gorder : Jason is going to love me to take this one. You know Sam I mean; we don't necessarily link them together, right? We do use the 40% to 50% target. Is based on how we make our decisions. And as Jason said earlier, we've got the dividend yield kind of towards the high end of this year range right now. Maybe at the high end of the peer range. So, we'll continue to look at it going forward. And he laid out the priorities really for our use of cash as we go forward and he wants to de -lever a little bit. I guess we're what like somewhere around 37% total debt-to-cap. We'd like to, you know, push it back down closer to that 30% number we had and do that in a multitude of ways. But anyway, that's one of our top priorities. And then we haven't given up on buybacks by any stretch of the imagination. We see them as playing a part in this capital allocation framework going forward. It's funny because you guys love us when we do it and then sometimes, we do it and the price is high and the stock comes up and you say, why did you do buybacks, right? Anyway, it's a fine balancing act for us and I think if you just revert back to the capital allocation framework and the way we've executed it in the past, I think right now, that's our plan for execution going forward.
Sam Margolin : Okay. Thanks. Very helpful. And then just -- just a follow-up for Martin on the dynamics in the renewable diesel space. This may have been a coincidence, but at the time that DGD and a competitor plant in the same area were down, the whole complex of bean oil and waste oils came down too. And some people interpreted that as a signal of just how tight the market is. A couple of plants can bring down that complex by $0.20 a pound. Was your -- is your feeling the same thing or was that just a coincidence? And there's actually some spare capacity in feedstock that's underappreciated. Thanks.
Martin Parrish : Hey Sam, this is Martin, it's a coincidence definitely on the bean oil side, I mean, when you look at that -- if you look at bean oil prices, soybean oil, just look at any veg oil price. And veg oil price, whether it's palm oil, bean oil, or canola oil, that's the big three globally, they have doubled since the fall of 2019 and all that was led by a shortage of palm oil. The palm oil stocks got lower in Malaysia. So, to put it in perspective, if you look in Malaysia and Indonesia, palm oil, that production is 6 times as large as soybean oil in the U.S. So, palm oil drives veg oil pricing. So anytime you see soybean oil, [Indiscernible] soybean oil move, it's a lot more about palm oil likely than anything else. So now that's said, the waste pig stuff price relative to soybean oil, as I said earlier, I think DGD had had an impact on that. It gets complicated because you're getting into all kinds of tallow and slaughter rates, and the weight of animals and all this information. But we do expect that to come back out. Certainly, you've got a situation now where the waste feed stuff prices are on an energy content or way above the value of corn on an energy content. So, the people feeding waste oils are trying to figure out wastes not to feed waste oils. So, we're still optimistic about waste feed stuff in the future and really glad we have always pre -treatment capacity to handle it.
Sam Margolin : Thanks so much. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd : Thanks. Maybe just a natural follow-up on your last comment there. But over the last 12 months, we've seen a lot of headlines about potential capacity additions in renewable diesel. But I think we've also seen a shift amongst a lot of those additions towards what I would characterize as a capital light entry to renewable diesel targeting vegetable oils and avoiding the cost of pre -treatment facility. So how do you see these trends impacting already markets over the next few years given your increasingly differentiated position on feedstock flexibility and sourcing?
Martin Parrish : Sure. Yeah, well I would say that this higher veg oil prices given what's going on in palm oil is kind of a structural shortage there now. The plantations, the trees are getting older, the yields getting less, so there's a little bit of a veg oil issue that's been coming for years, so we don't see the veg oil prices moderating. Which you have to remember that for Diamond Green Diesel for our renewable diesel business, a high veg oil prices met with a higher D4 RIN. And the absolute veg oil pricing doesn't dictate margin for us, and also the spread between RVD soybean oil, and crude degummed soybean oil does not impact DGD. So being in this waste feed stock position with robust pre -treatment just puts us in a lot better position than the guys that are acCompanying in and running veg oils and not -- so that position I think is going to be little tough. But we feel pretty good about our position.
Ryan Todd : Good. Thanks. And then maybe -- a follow-up on er shift to refining. I assume we know your answer to use specifically, but there are quite a few -- a lot of refineries is currently being marketed out there. What would it take for you to seriously consider adding another asset to your portfolio and if not, for you specifically? How do you see this shaking out with a lot of these assets? Do you see more closures or I guess how do you see this asset long position right now playing out over the next 12 to 18 months?
Joe Gorder : All right. Well, I'll answer it this way and then Rich can say whatever he wants. We're very comfortable with the portfolio that we have today. As you know, we've got a strong track record of having grown through acquisition in the past, and there was a time in place for that strategy to be executed, and we executed it really well. And then we spent the last 10 years plus, just getting the assets up to a standard that we were comfortable operating them in. And we realize that any acquisition like that that we would we would end up going through the same process. And so, it would have to be an incredibly compelling case for us to give that any consideration. And so, although we continue to look at what's in the market just to be sure we don't miss opportunities, I wouldn't anticipate that you should expect us to be doing anything on that front. I'd rather invest in the assets that we know, continue to optimize the assets that we have, and build the renewables business right now than investing in additional refining capacity.
Ryan Todd : Thanks, Dan. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman : Thanks. I guess the first one just an easy modeling. On this lower tax rate, is that a good rate to use moving forward? I think you mentioned the low rate was driven by the DGD non-op impact. So just wondering if that's a good rate and if anything, else drove the lower effective tax rate for the quarter. And secondly, I just wanted to go back to the LCFS price volatility in California. It seems there's a lot of renewable fuel capacity coming online next year. And I'm wondering in the market we're in right now at what price does the LCFS price have to go to in order to maybe consider selling some of your renewable diesel into Europe rather than in California. I'm asking because you guys have a good position in terms of your U.S. Gulf Coast optionality’s, I'm wondering if you could give any insight to that. Thanks.
Mark Schmeltekopf : All right. Yeah, this is Mark Schmeltekopf, I'll take the question on the tax rate and then hand it over to Martin for your second question. The tax rate for the quarter does look -- it was 11%, it's a little challenging to tell you kind of what to expect in the future, but in the near future, I would say it would be somewhat under 21%. Just as a reminder, and as we said in the earnings release, you have to remember the impact that the DGD earnings have on the effective tax rate. So, our consolidated pretax income includes 100% of DGD income. And while tax expense only reflects taxes on a portion of that income, there's no tax expense on our share of the blender's tax credits included in DGDs income nor is there any tax on our partners half of DGDs income. So that impact is pretty having an outweighed impact on our overall effective rate. And I just also want to remind you that our partner's share of DGD s income is excluded from our net income by backing it out in non-controlling interest. So, if you look at it just from a purely EPS or cash standpoint, the only benefit LIRA is getting is not being taxed on our share of the blender's tax credit, which is quite a bit lower than I think some of the analysts are thinking it does. So, what it tells you is that our results are not driven as much by the perceived tax benefit as they were by underlying recovery and margins. And so, I'll hand it over to Martin.
Martin Parrish : Sure. Thanks, Mark. Yeah, on the -- I would say on the LCFS, if you look about look at it, it's really to get to the root of your question is, again, this has been a lot more about deficit out there driving the price down and to me, credits in the first quarter of '21 renewable diesel blending was 23% in California. The highest previous quarter was 18%, but still the credits aren't just exploding in California is just a lack of deficits. And I think as we get out of the COVID and the Delta variant and back to work and we've got a big debt lag right now in California, right? We don't know what the second quarter that is will know that the end of October, And credit prices are up, they've hit a low of a dollar [Indiscernible] $58 a ton, now they are 175. But to get to your question, we routinely go to Europe and Canada with our fuel already. We're always looking at the different markets and working for the highest impact and given our long-term contracts we'll sometimes be constrained but we're always in those markets.
Jason Gabelman : All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from William -- I'm sorry, Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair : Hey, good morning and thanks for squeezing me in here. I was wondering if you anticipate being a shipper on Capline to your Louisiana refineries, and if so, would that be WCS or perhaps some other crude? Looking at that Capline tariff filing from earlier this week, expected volumes are only a 102,000 barrels per day, which just seems kind of low, so just trying to suss out if that's due to a lack of interest from Louisiana refineries or that's due to the lack of supply with the connector pipeline not going through. Thanks.
Gary Simmons : Yeah. So, this is Gary, with most of the pipelines and Capline, really not too much different for us. Our focus has been on getting good connectivity to those pipelines, but not necessarily taking a shipper commitment. We let the producer ship, and then we buy at the other end. And I think that's what we would plan to do with Capline as well.
Matthew Blair : And do you think those volumes will be WCS coming down, or something else?
Gary Simmons : Well, that's a good question. I think it looks like initially it will be mainly like sweet [Indiscernible] certainly with the Line 3 replacement, we could see heavy Canadian making its way into cap line at some point in time. And that would be good for us, a more efficient way to get heavy Canadian to our St. Charles Refinery.
Matthew Blair : Indeed. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Joe Gorder : Thanks, Matthew.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Susana. Appreciate everyone dialing in today. If you have any questions, you want to follow up on, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thanks, everyone, and please stay safe and healthy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation and interest in Valero. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Homer Bhullar, Vice President Investor Relations and Finance. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's, or management's expectations, or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Our system's flexibility and the team's relentless focus on optimization in a week, but otherwise improving margin environment enabled us to deliver positive earnings in the second quarter. More importantly, cash provided by operating activities more than covered our cash used in investing and financing activities for the quarter, even without the cash benefits from our 2020 income tax refund, and the proceeds from the sale of a portion of our interest in the Pasadena terminal. There was a significant increase in mobility in the second quarter, driving higher demand for refined products, particularly in the US. In fact, we're seeing demand for gasoline and diesel in excess of pre-pandemic levels in our US Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent regions. Jet demand continues to ramp up as well, and is around 80% of 2019's level. We responded with higher refinery utilization to match product demand in our system. In addition, product exports have been picking up particularly to Latin America with the easing of lockdowns in the region. We exported 410,000 barrels per day of products from our system in June, which is the highest volume since 2018. Our Renewable Diesel segment continues to perform exceptionally well and once again set records for renewable diesel margin and sales volumes, highlighting Diamond Green Diesel's ability to process a wide range of discounted feedstocks and Valero's operational and technical expertise. Our ethanol segment also performed well and provided solid operating income in the second quarter as demand for ethanol increased, along with higher gasoline production. Carbon sequestration project with BlackRock and Navigator is moving ahead and has garnered strong interest from additional parties in the binding open season. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with eight ethanol plants connected to this system. This project serves to help achieve our goal to lower the carbon intensity of our products, while providing solid economic returns. Our Diamond Green Diesel two project at St. Charles remains on budget and is scheduled to be operational in the middle of the fourth quarter of this year. This expansion project is expected to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year bringing the total capacity at St. Charles to 690 million gallons per year of renewable diesel and 30 million gallons per year of renewable naphtha. And our Diamond Green Diesel three project at Port Arthur is also progressing well, and is now expected to be operational in the first half of 2023. With the completion of this 470 million gallons per year plant, DGD's total annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel, and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. Our refinery optimization projects remain on track with the Pembroke Cogen project expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year, and the Port Arthur Coker project expected to be completed in 2023. Looking ahead, we have a favorable outlook for refining margins, as product demand continues to improve with increasing global vaccinations and mobility. In addition, there has been significant refinery capacity rationalization in the US in the last couple of years and we expect further closures of uncompetitive refineries, particularly in Europe. We believe that product demand recovery, coupled with significant refinery rationalization should be supportive of strong refining margins. We also expect to see wider medium and heavy crude oil differentials as OPEC+ increases crude supply which should further provide support to refining margins. And as low carbon fuel policies continue to expand globally, we remain well positioned. With the current projects in progress, we expect to quadruple our renewable diesel production in the next couple of years. In addition, we continue to explore and develop opportunities in carbon sequestration, sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and other innovative projects to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage. So with that Homer, I'll hand the call back to you. 
Homer Bhullar: Thanks Joe. Before I provide our second quarter financial results summary, I'm pleased to inform you that we recently published an updated stewardship and responsibility report which now includes our sustainability accounting standards or SASB disclosures. In addition to being on track to achieve our previously announced target to reduce and offset 63% of our global refining greenhouse gas emissions by 2025 through investments in Board-approved projects, the report includes a new target to reduce and offset 100% of our global refining greenhouse gas emissions by 2035. These targets are consistent with our strategy as we continue to innovate and leverage our global liquid fuels platform to expand our long-term competitive advantage with investments in economic low-carbon projects. And now turning to our quarterly summary. Net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $162 million or $0.39 per share for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $1.3 billion or $3.07 per share for the second quarter of 2020. Second quarter 2021 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $197 million or $0.48 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $504 million or $1.25 per share for the second quarter of 2020. For reconciliations to adjusted amounts please refer to the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. The Refining segment reported $349 million of operating income for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $1.8 billion for the second quarter of 2020. Second quarter 2021 adjusted operating income for the Refining segment was $361 million, compared to an adjusted operating loss of $383 million for the second quarter of 2020. Refining throughput volumes in the second quarter of 2021 averaged 2.8 million barrels per day which was 514,000 barrels per day higher than the second quarter of 2020. Throughput capacity utilization was 90% in the second quarter of 2021. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.13 per barrel were $0.26 per barrel lower than the second quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher throughput in the second quarter of 2021. The renewable diesel segment operating income was $248 million for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $129 million for the second quarter of 2020. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 923,000 gallons per day in the second quarter of 2021 which was 128,000 gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2020. The segment set another record for operating income and sales volumes. The ethanol segment reported operating income of $99 million for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $91 million for the second quarter of 2020. The second quarter 2020 adjusted operating loss was $20 million. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.2 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2021 which was 1.9 million gallons per day higher than the second quarter of 2020. For the second quarter of 2021, G&A expenses were $176 million and net interest expense was $150 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $588 million and income tax expense was $169 million for the second quarter of 2021. The effective tax rate was 37% which was higher than our second quarter of 2020 primarily due to the remeasurement of our deferred tax liabilities primarily as a result of an increase in the UK statutory tax rate that will be effective in 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2 billion in the second quarter of 2021. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $1.1 billion and our joint venture partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in DGD's working capital adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $809 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $548 million of total capital investments in the second quarter of 2021 of which $252 million was for sustaining the business including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $296 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to our partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $417 million in the second quarter of 2021. Moving to financing activities. We returned $401 million to our stockholders in the second quarter of 2021 through our dividend resulting in a payout ratio of 50% of adjusted net cash provided by the operating activities for the quarter. Earlier this month our Board of Directors also approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share payable in the third quarter. And as Joe noted, we were able to cover all of our investing and financing activities which includes our dividend and capital investments in the second quarter with cash provided by operating activities even without the benefit from the cash tax refund and the proceeds from the sale of a portion of our interest in the Pasadena terminal. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end total debt and finance lease obligations were $14.7 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $3.6 billion. The debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 37%. At the end of June, we had $5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2021 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. And over half of our growth capital in 2021 is allocated to expanding our renewable diesel business. For modeling, our third quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.6 million to 1.65 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 435,000 to 455,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 250,000 to 270,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4.45 per barrel. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment with the anticipated start-up of DGD two in the middle of the fourth quarter, we expect sales volumes to average one million gallons per day in 2021. Operating expenses in 2021 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 3.7 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.43 per gallon, which includes $0.06 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the third quarter, net interest expense should be about $150 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $590 million. For 2021, we still expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $850 million and the annual effective tax rate should approximate the US statutory rate. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request the callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions, [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gresh: Nice job in the organic dividend coverage despite choppy refining margins here. Joe I know you touched on some of this in the opening remarks around the macro environment. June was obviously pretty tough. July is getting better here. What do you think needs to happen going forward to see sustainable improvement in margins back to more normalized levels. Is it just demand and differentials, or do we need some of these closures you were referencing in your remarks. Just any additional thoughts?
Gary Simmons: Hi. Good morning, Phil. This is Gary. As you talked about -- Joe talked about mobility increasing in the second quarter. We saw good recovery in mobility in the domestic markets. And with the recovery in mobility we saw on-road transportation fuel demand basically recovered to pre-pandemic levels. The issue we really had in the second quarter was the pace of recovery in the US was just much faster than what we saw in most of the other major demand centers throughout the world. And so where our margins started to track up as demand improved eventually our market began to dislocate from the global markets and we incentivized imports. And so we saw very high levels of imports later in the quarter caused inventory to build. And as inventory built we eventually saw margin destruction. I think the good news for us as we go into the third quarter is that at least the markets we have good visibility into we're seeing mobility increase in those markets like we did in the US in the second quarter. With the increase in mobility, we're seeing demand take off quite nicely. We certainly see that in our Canadian markets in the UK and the markets we go to in Latin America. And I think that's what you really need to have sustained margin recovery is the global market -- global demand to pick up. So thus far in July, we've seen margins that are better than we saw in the second quarter, and so that's certainly encouraging. Then on the crude side you talked a little bit about the differentials. I think you noticed -- see meaningful moves and the differentials we need OPEC barrels back on the market. Of course, it was good to hear OPEC plans to put 400,000 barrels a day back out on the market sometime post-August. And I think to some degree the markets are already reflecting that. If you look at the heavy Canadian differentials in the Gulf today on the fourth quarter has about $0.75 wider discounts than what we see in the Brent market. Again that $0.75 wider discounts in the face of backwardation in the Brent market. So if you look at that discount as a percent of Brent it's a fairly meaningful move that we would see as we get later in the year.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that color. I just want to switch over to renewable diesel for the second question. The indicator margins were down sequentially obviously because of the soybean oil based indicator. Regardless you put up another record quarter there up sequentially, again, presuming from the advantaged feedstock benefit. But how do you see the sustainability of this trend? Were there any transitory factors in the quarter or structural things that you're thinking about moving forward? 
Martin Parrish : Hey, Phil, this is Martin. I think if you step back and just think about our renewable diesel segment, right. Our refining expertise has been a critical component to the development and operations of renewable diesel and ultimately the success of that business. You have to also keep in mind that we were an early mover in the space and have accumulated decades worth of knowledge, which is a lot more than almost all of our peers. Our operating reliability has been very good and that's helped differentiate Diamond Green. We also use the same reliability process at renewable diesel that we have applied to our refining system. And then finally structurally on the pricing Diamond Green as well as other producers, you would expect them to have stronger results when prices are going up the RIN price, ULSD price going up, because that value you see immediately and it is going to be a lag in the cost of sales on the feedstock. So with this increasing price environment helped us somewhat.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks folks. Good morning. Let me also open my observations around the cash flow numbers. So we have to confirm much that. Expect to go second in the queue. All right. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Joe, the -- or maybe Jason for this one. On the cash flow, obviously, as things improve in the second half of the year, you've shown us that the cash coverage is going to be there, but you still have the cash return commitment to investors, while your balance sheet is somewhat elevated. So can you walk us through how you will prioritize the incremental cash returns actually over the next year or so? Will the balance sheet take priority beyond dividends? That's my first question. And I have a follow-up please. 
Jason Fraser : Okay. Yes sure. I'll be glad to talk to you about it. As Joe said, this quarter was a big, big step change for us in a couple of ways. We've made money for the first time, and we had enough cash to cover all of our needs. So that's a great place to be in or glad to be back there again. We did put on the $4 billion of debt last year. And we have said as things normalize we will initially focus on two things: first building our cash balance back up to $3 billion-plus in that range, and then second starting to work to get our leverage down. So our June 30 cash balance was about $3.6 billion. So we're in line there. We're in a pretty good spot, and we're starting to working on the second problem, which is looking at our debt repayment. We said a few times before we would look at redeeming this tranche of three-year floaters that are callable as early as this fall. So that would likely be our first step, and that's still true. That's definitely something we're looking at. And then as we move forward further into this year and beyond that, we'll continue to look at other liability management opportunities. And as earnings and cash generation continue to normalize as you said, which is the way, we hope things continue to move, we'll have increased optionality the more cash we have. But maintaining our credit ratings is also a priority for us. And we're targeting to have a net debt to cap around three times in a normalized environment, which is consistent with where we were in the past. And we still have our long-term net debt to cap target of 20% to 30%. But to get more to your question, we also still remain committed to our capital allocation framework. Our shareholder payout ratio was 50% this quarter and we continue to target this 40% to 50% ratio on an annual basis. We do expect to be able to meet that as we move forward through the recovery and beyond even as we work on our deleveraging strategy. So we think we're going to be able to do both of them. I think it would be your answer. We're not in -- certainly not going to have to sacrifice the dividend and I don't think we'll have to sacrifice the target the 40% to 50% target either. 
Doug Leggate: Yes. I guess, I was thinking more about the discretionary beyond the dividend, but just that's a very full and a clear answer. So, thank you for that. Joe, I wonder if I could bring it back to you. I don't know if you want to take this or someone else but -- in your prepared remarks you talked about the perennial prospect of refinery closures ex US, I guess specifically, but these are typically triggered by capital events turnarounds things of that nature as you know for the more vulnerable refineries. I'm just wondering the fact that you were prepared to put that in your prepared remarks, do you have any particular thoughts or insights or what visibility that's giving you some comfort that it might happen this time around at an accelerated pace? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Doug, that's a good question. And I don't think we've got any particular insight that anybody else doesn't have into specific assets. I think we can all look at them and say where the vulnerabilities are. I know Lane has spoken about this many times. Just want to share your thoughts?
Lane Riggs: Yes. I mean Doug how we think about it is we think about regions that have or I would say structural disadvantages, and we've talked about them before Europe, it's the -- US East Coast, the US West Coast and it's Latin America. And they all have slightly different reasons for their disadvantages. And the reason we focus on those areas is a plant job or we have operations in those areas and we try -- we think about how those areas will change over time and how we will respond to it. Obviously when we have operations in those areas, we do stress tests and we try to understand the cash flow that we -- that our assets generate through an entire economic cycle. And as you alluded to and we've said before, the things that drive assets are these big -- you start with -- you have an issue whether it's trade flow or reliability or whatever and you layer in chunky capital, whether it's regulatory capital or a big turnaround, that's when these assets really fall -- that operators start to think about what they're going to do. And as Joe said, we don't sit there -- this refinery over here or this refinery over there. We just sort of think of it regionally and where we think those issues and where closures might ultimately happen.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers fellows. And I assume the Valero portfolio is, I don't think that you're quite happy with it where it is.
Joe Gorder: We always work very hard to make sure that we maintain our ongoing competitive advantage in all the markets that we operate.
Doug Leggate: Fair answer. Thanks, both.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Theresa Chen of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Maybe first touching on DGD again. Just in light of the very strong profitability we've been seeing for many quarters in a row, given that LCFS credit prices have seen some volatility and faltering recently, how do you see that trend going forward? And what's driving that?
Martin Parrish: Hey, Theresa, this is Martin. I think one thing you have to look at is the credit bank in California, it's been pretty stable now for five quarters. But the other thing is, if you think California, we haven't seen any data from them since the end of 2020 right. So there's a lag. Tomorrow, we'll actually see the first quarter data. So you might see. But it's probably a little bit of a lack of knowledge. The credit bank being stable for the last several quarters. And then the other thing that I think you have to think about -- do we worry about that too much? Not really because if you had something that happened where there was a prolonged shift for the price of -- price went down in California, I'm pretty sure the response by CARB would be to move the goalpost to actually raise the carbon reduction targets because they had signaled several times. They're pretty content with the $200 type per ton carbon price. So we would just expect quicker carbon reduction if there was a long-term shift in that price which would then raise the price back up.
Theresa Chen: Got it. That makes sense. And then, on the broader renewables front, I wanted to ask about your endeavors there. Many projects you have under development. And specifically on renewable hydrogen, what kind of projects are you planning to do there?
Lane Riggs: Hi. So -- this is Lane. So what we're doing there again in our St. Charles and Port Arthur refineries, as those projects lands up to our Diamond Green Diesel projects, we look for ways to essentially make renewable hydrogen from the LPGs that come off those units and then turn to get them into an SMR that -- and then the hydrogen go backs and lowers the carbon intensity of the product out of both of those units.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi Roger.
Roger Read: I guess I'd like to come back maybe to the first kind of question or first discussion there with you Gary, as you were looking at the way things are improving. We've definitely seen inventories come down hard in the Europe market. And I was wondering as you look at that, as you look at the mobility improving in some of those areas, what is the -- what would be the expectation for imports over the next, I don't know let's just say, two to three months to keep it a reasonable time frame? And what that could mean for margins potentially being measurably stronger in Q3 than they were for at least the end of Q2?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger. So I think a thing I'd point to is, they are to import gasoline from Europe, has really been closed most all of July. And so that's been encouraging to see. I think the last set of DOE data is really the first time we saw reflected in the data imports falling off. But it really has more of an impact than just the imports because we've also seen that we're again much more competitive in the Latin American markets. Not only was Europe export in the United States, but they were pushing into Latin America and causing us to lose some of the exports we typically send to that market. But as things have picked up in Europe, they're not only, not sending barrels to the US, but we're seeing our exports ramp up in the Latin America. So what I would say is more normalization of trade flows, which will help inventories, continue to draw and support better crack spreads.
Roger Read: Great. Thanks. And then the other question a little off the typical beaten path here. But you're, obviously, moving aggressively more expansions in renewable diesels we've seen. Lot of talk about sustainable aviation fuel as one of the areas, I was just curious is there anything you're looking at in that front? Are the economics of sustainable aviation as attractive as renewable diesel as you look at them? And then what would be the, I guess to some extent interchangeability between renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel?
Martin Parrish: Yeah. So this is Martin. If you look at that Roger to make renewable jet or SAF, you have to have some additional equipment. I mean there's a few ways to do it but you're either going to add -- you're probably going to add a reactor and you're certainly going to add the fractionator. So that's additional capital. And then that once your yield pattern changes a little bit where you make some more light ends. So at the end of the day to get back to equal to renewable diesel, you're going to have to get some help on the SAF side with some additional pricing mechanism and additional green premium there. So right now we don't see the economic incentive to make SAF. That being said, obviously, we're studying it. We're looking at everything. We're looking how the landscape changes once going through in all parts of the world and legislative processes or regulatory processes. So we'll keep watching it. And we fully expect to be making it at some point. So I don't think it's a question of if but it's more about when.
Roger Read: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Hi everybody. How are you doing?
Joe Gorder: Hi Sam.
Sam Margolin: My first question is for Martin. If I could ask you to go into a little bit more detail about that yield comment you made at DGD just given the per gallon value of all the different credits flowing in a yield outcome is very powerful. So if you're able to can you just give a more detail around that and how sustainable it is and whether how far off sort of your plans you are in terms of yield outcomes and production efficiency?
Martin Parrish: Well, Sam, I wouldn't say our yield is right on track with what we expect. The -- and it's really not so much the yield, it's more just about the timing. We've been in a market with a huge increase in ULSD price, a huge increase in the RIN in the year-to-date and fat price has also been up but you had a bigger escalation in the RIN than you've had in the fat price. And we've also been helped by the discount. Our feedstocks by running 100% waste feedstocks, we're certainly buying at a price significantly lower than soybean oil. So what I'm saying on the timing is just in a rising market like that you're going to immediately see the ULSD price and your revenue you're going to immediately see the RIN price. And there's just a lag in the feedstock, price and hitting cost of goods sold. So you're going to see a little better margin environment in a rising prices.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Sam. This is Lane. I'll add to it a little bit. We have been working with catalyst suppliers in terms of improving the yield of the current units and essentially trying to maximize renewable diesel versus LPG versus naphtha and versus some of the off gases. So we have seen our yields improving over the life of our over all operating experience from 2013 till…
Sam Margolin: Okay, understood. Thank you. And then Joe in your prepared remarks you had a comment about light-heavy differentials potentially bottoming and starting to expand here as OPEC volumes come back. I think I'm still looking at the sulfur penalty. It's still very wide. Is there a signal around high-sulfur fuel oil discounts and what that means for when actual supply of sour expands? Is the expansion of that advantage going to be faster than normal, or are you still thinking about it as the normal relationship between supply versus differentials?
Joe Gorder: No. I think some of the movement you've seen in high sulfur fuel, really two primary drivers on high-sulfur fuel discounts. One just the prospect of getting more OPEC barrels onto the markets caused high-sulfur fuel oil to weaken some. And then some changes in the tax policies in China had caused them to kick out some high-sulfur fuel blend stocks, which caused high-sulfur fuel to move weaker. Today it's one of the more economic feedstocks we're running in our system, high sulfur fuel and high-sulfur fuel blend stocks is one of the highest margin feeds we have in our system today. And we expect that to continue.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thanks everybody. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. The first question here is just -- it's probably for Martin on the ethanol side. You had strong results at that business segment. Can you just talk about what you think the sustainability of this ethanol recovery is? And the moving pieces from feedstock to product prices?
Martin Parrish: Sure, Neil. Yes, I mean, second quarter was obviously really good. And if you look at the weekly inventory debt in the second quarter what was happening through most of the quarter is the inventories just kept drawing. And typically when inventories draw you're going to get a better margin. And it's pretty good correlation there in the U.S. ethanol industry. So when we -- but the weekly data now in June starting into May and through June, we've seen that turn the other way. So margins now are lower than they were in the second quarter. How long is this going to last? I'm not sure. We're starting to see some run cuts in the industry now. We've signaled some lower guidance for third quarter on runs versus what we did in second quarter. So we'll see where it turns. I mean, really what we're looking at long term though in ethanol is carbon sequestration. And we feel like that is going to differentiate us from the industry between the 45Q tax credit that's worth about $0.15 a gallon getting into LCFS markets that's more like $0.50 a gallon gross. So we're well positioned there with what we're doing with Navigator and BlackRock and then we're also looking at some stand-alone projects that are Eastern ethanol plants for carbon sequestration. So that's really our endgame is to lower the carbon intensity of a product and stay competitive there and differentiate ourselves.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. No, that's great. And as a follow-up, it's just a big picture question. And I don't know if this is for Joe or Lane, but if I think about the demand side of the equation for both gasoline and diesel has come back really nicely. Obviously, we're still waiting here on Global Jet. Margins until recently didn't perform it just strikes us that the refining system in the United States was running too hard ahead of product. Do you believe that discipline in the U.S. refining system has broken-down? Or do you see that as still a structural tailwind for the space that independent, refiners will generally run at relatively low levels of utilization relative to demand enabling favorable inventories. It's a big picture question but one of the structural benefits certainly of the refiners over the last couple of years has been the discipline around runs?
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Neil, this is Lane. What I'd say is independent refiners, will be much more disciplined than the industry was a decade ago. And it's just because we -- at the end of the day we have to manage our assets to cash flow and to make money. I think what you've seen there was a clear signal in April and May to raise utilization. It was a big -- the markets we're signaling that. What really happened and Gary talked about it earlier is it was just a bug, right? I mean, the U.S. recovered with the -- we were out -- our mobility had gone way up and it attracted imports from areas that were still essentially in lockdown. So you had surplus capacity in Europe and some of these other places that attracted imports. I wouldn't say that the United States was -- refining industries have gotten lack of discipline. It was our operating further signals. It was really the main issue that we have -- we had -- there's capacity out there that essentially could get pointed to the U.S. and some earlier caller mentioned the European fundamentals look better. So today what you're seeing is even though margins are up, we're not really -- yards close to the United States coming out of Europe.
Neil Mehta: Excellent.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Cheng of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys. Good morning.
Lane Riggs: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: A couple of quick questions, maybe this is for Gary. Gary, Mexico the recent action by AMLO does it cause any concern from you guys standpoint? And whether you will slow down your investment in the near-term to take away and see how hits you? Or that you think it's just, continue to be business as usual when you were pushed forward? And with the -- maybe elimination or cancels large number of the import and export lines and have you seen the market dynamic change there? So that's the first question. The second question is for Lane. Just curious, I mean you guys and the industry have done a remarkable job in changing the -- or that to use the flexibility of the system, refining system to one different type of crude over the last several years, even for Gulf Coast heavy oil refiner ship substantially more to the light. And during the pandemic, substantially reduced jet fuel and even this will then trying to get into gasoline. But a lot of time that deviated from the design standard model. So along that way while it's doable, have you seen any inefficiency or any course create as such that, the margin capture become maybe perhaps a bit more soft? Thank you.
Gary Simmons: Okay. Paul I'll start. And if Rich Walsh wants to add anything to it, I'll let him on Mexico. Really our strategy is unchanged. The one thing I would say is we're not really investing in Mexico. We partnered with IEnova and others that are really making those investments and then we signed long-term agreements to utilize the assets that they're investing in. But overall I think the strategy that we're using in Mexico is what they had intended when they started energy reform. They wanted to see investment in infrastructure in their country. And a lot of others are really not doing. They've kind of taking advantage of the legislation. We are investing in the country. And I think what we are doing in Mexico is exactly what was intended with the change in the regulation. So our strategy is still very much intact. Veracruz is fully operational now. We have our terminal in Mexico City it was commissioned during the second quarter. We will commission our terminal in Puebla in the third quarter. We've also started to bring jet fuel into Veracruz and we'll start jet fuel sales in the third quarter as well. So things are going very well for us in Mexico. And Rich I don't know if you want to add anything? 
Rich Walsh: I think that sums it up.
Lane Riggs: And Paul to answer your second question, the industry did I think at least particularly we – I would say, Valero learned a lot going into the pandemic in terms of how to operate our refineries may be differently and actually demonstrated more flexibility as you would expect us to figure out how to operate. I think in terms of margin capture what you'll see is you coming out of it is going into it we had contango, right? So as you – there was structural contango in the crude markets and as we're coming out of it we've gone flat to slight backwardation. So I think what you'll see kind of moving ahead you have a combination of slight backwardation and obviously high flat price will cause some of the byproducts to maybe have some margin capture – will affect margin capture. It doesn't really affect so much our ability to generate EBITDA as much as when you think of in terms of market capture. In terms of anything that's happened post pandemic, if anything we just learned a lot more about how to manage our business even more carefully than we had before.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our question is coming from Manav Gupta of Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Hey, guys. Just first want to congratulate Mr. John Locke and Homer for their promotions and wish them all the luck for all the new responsibilities they're taking within Valero. And I also wanted to congratulate you Joe. We know the capital discipline and shareholder returns are two strong pillars on which you have built this new Valero. So it was personally very important for you to achieve full dividend coverage. And so congrats on getting there despite a tough macro.
Joe Gorder: Yes. No. Thanks, Manav. And John and Homer are both going to need a lot of luck.
Manav Gupta: My quick question here is Lane or Joe is we have seen North Atlantic here actually sometimes outperform your Mid-Con do very strong. And this quarter came in a little weaker. I'm hoping it was just a turnaround and it's nothing to do with that one of the refineries that is located in Europe and Canada and just if you could give us some color on why North Atlantic was slightly weaker quarter-over-quarter?
Lane Riggs: Yes. So you actually – you hit the main issue. Both refineries were actually in turnaround in the second quarter. The results were affected by that.
Manav Gupta: Okay. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ryan Todd of Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe one on – you announced that you moved up the timing of the Diamond Green Diesel Phase 3 start-up from the second half to the first half of 2023. What's allowed you to accelerate that? And maybe can you talk about the general environment out there. I think most people probably would have taken that over for most of the capacity expansion start dates out there I guess within that overall environment what are you seeing that's allowing you to kind of execute better than expected on your projects? 
Martin Parrish: Sure. This is Martin. I think one thing you have to remember now is DGD 3 is pretty much a carbon copy of DGD 2. So that helped us. I mean all the major equipment we changed a little bit but just tweaks. So we had a lot of the engineering done sooner than you typically would have. Now obviously, we knew that when we funded it but just getting out the market while steel prices and everything were up we kind of beat all that to the market. So we had placed orders before that happened. The delivery is good. I mean the shop space is there and the labor situation is really good on the Gulf Coast, where we're building. So all those things and then just having an experience we moved over experienced contractors from DGD 2 that had just built one of these units. So all the work, the structural work, the concrete work structural steel is already going up. So we just got a really quick start out of the gates and we expect to be able to maintain that. So in a nutshell that set an experienced construction team and getting out in front of these price increases and shop space has been really good for us.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I want to emphasize what Martin has said. I mean part of what we're able to do here is it's not just really in this space but we have a really good project execution group. And they just – we're in the process of building Diamond Green 2 and we learn and it's actually accelerated and brought in, it's scheduled. So we just took all that and transferred into Diamond Green 3. And this just sort of speaks to our capability to not only operate well but we can execute projects very well and in this not just in our refinery space but also in the renewable diesel space.
Ryan Todd: Thanks a lot. Congratulations on it's pretty impressive though. Maybe a type question on RINs and RVO. I mean there's been obviously a lot of noise lately a lot of volatility in those markets following the Supreme Court's ruling on SREs and with the upcoming RVO. Any -- with yourselves involved now in a pretty material way on both sides of the issue, on the gasoline side and on the biofuel side, any thoughts as we head into -- how you think the EPA is going to try to balance things or how you're looking at the market playing out with RVOs in the over the next couple of years?
Rich Walsh: This is Rich Walsh. I'll take a crack at that. There is a lot of noise on this, but when you really sort it all out, it comes down to EPA is going to have to issue these RVOs. They're clearly are kicking them out to get past a lot of the infrastructure discussion and not to have this issue rear up in the middle of their efforts to try to push forward the infrastructure deal. So we would expect that once you kind of clear this EPA is going to have to issue an RVO. We're almost all the way through 2021. By the time they could get a rule posed and out, the year is almost going to -- almost certainly be passed it. So you're looking at maybe 2021-2022 combined rule or at least them coming out at the same time. And I think that will -- and the other reality is they recognize that they need to set an RVO that's achievable and obtainable. So we expect them to do that. On the SREs, the Supreme Court ruling really focused on only one issue was appealed up and that was on these continuity of the SRE ruling. The other aspects of the Tenth Circuit ruling that kick those SREs back to EPA are still there and EPA has got them back under. And they haven't issued an SRE, since 2018. So I think the prospect for SREs probably doesn't really change with the Supreme Court ruling and the EPA still got a whole host of other issues that they have to sort through that came out of the Tenth Circuit ruling that was -- that still stands. And so how do you guess what's going to happen on this. I mean, the reality is they've just got a set attainable and achievable mandate and that's what they'll have to do.
Ryan Todd: All right. I appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning. I want to follow-up on Martin's response on the LCFS question. Martin, I think you said that you expect CARB to move the goalpost to keep credit prices around $200 a ton. So just two follow-ups on that. One, mechanically, do you know how that would work? Does CARB have unilateral authority to do something like that, or do they need legislative approval, or is there like a public common period. And then two, what would you expect the refiner response to be if that happened? Just thinking about Valero, you have two refineries in the states that are incurring LCFS costs. There's some other refineries in the state that currently don't have RD production. So, is that something that refiners would fight, could they fight it? Any more color there?
Martin Parrish: Well, what's different in with the CARB regulations and with the LCFS to answer your last question first. That obligation goes down to the racks so that the price is passed on for the refiner in California which is a contrast to the way the RFS works. So that's -- I wouldn't expect to see a fight from the refiners on that. The other question is more interesting. CARB has -- there's been several statements out there about moving the goalpost. To answer your specific question, I'm not sure I can what is required there. We want to be a little looking into that. But my understanding is they have the ability to do that, we'll have to check on that.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. I mean that's…
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to ask on 2Q, two aspects that could have been transitory. First, on biofuel blending and there was some thought that maybe blending biofuels instead of buying RINs, minimizes the cost of RINs you incur, but it's unclear if the actual sales and costs flow that way or not. So can you just kind of elaborate on if you're still seeing the same benefit from blending as you historically have and that it avoids having to go out and buy out RINs, or are you incurring some costs at a similar time to go and buy RINs? And then the second question also on kind of transitory items on the coproduct impacts on 2Q. Are those headwinds dissipating and turning into tailwinds as oil prices are declining, or are different products moving in different ways? Thanks. 
Joe Gorder: I think on your first question, whether you're out buying the RIN or doing the blending you're kind of achieving the same thing. So the market price is -- price of the RIN is what it is. So either way, I'd say you get to the same result. 
Lane Riggs: Yes. On the second question there are byproducts that we make in the refineries that don't move lockstep with crude price things like asphalt, pet coke, sulfur, LPGs and the long haul they do. It takes it longer in other words once crude moves up or moves down have the tendency to sort of take longer to get to their equilibrium state with crude. So you'd expect it for whatever reason if crude prices were down those would improve. I don't know that -- we don't -- we're not speculating that crude prices will be down for the entire quarter. But that is how it works. 
Jason Gabelman: Sorry, can I just follow up on that first answer quickly. Is that to say there's no real benefit from going out on blending biofuels versus buying RINs? Because I was under the assumption that if you're blending biofuels, your side stepping buying RINs and there's kind of an embedded benefit in doing that? 
Joe Gorder: Well I would say there's a benefit right? I mean you can't -- I mean obviously, everybody just can't buy RINs you're going to have to move the biofuels too. So certainly we're looking at both sides of that equation. But if the market is functioning properly and people are certainly you're -- there's people that have to meet obligations. So you're going to have some blending and in a properly functioning market. I'm just saying, you're don't to get to the same place but you're going to do both. 
Jason Gabelman: All right. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar, for closing comments. 
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Please stay safe and healthy and feel free to contact the IR team, if you have any additional questions. Have a great day, everyone. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President Investor Relations.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer and good morning, everyone. The refining business saw a strong recovery in the first quarter as various pandemic imposed restrictions were eased or withdrawn and as more and more people receive vaccinations. However, Winter Storm Uri disrupted many U.S. Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent facilities in February due to the freeze and utilities curtailments. Although our refineries and plants in those regions were also impacted, they did not suffer any significant mechanical damage and were restarted within a short period after the storm. While we did incur extremely high energy costs, I'm very proud of the Valero team for safely managing the crisis by idling or shutting down the effected facilities and resuming operations without incident. With many of the countries Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent refineries offline due to the storm, there was a significant 60 million barrel drawdown of surplus product inventories in the U.S. bringing product inventories to normal levels. Lower product inventories, coupled with increasing product demand, improve refining margins significantly from the prior quarter. Crude oil discounts were also wider for Canadian heavy and WTI in the first quarter, relative to the fourth quarter of last year, providing additional support to refining margins. In addition, our renewable diesel segment continues to provide solid earnings and set records for operating income and renewable diesel product margin in the first quarter of 2021. Our wholesale operations also continue to see positive trends in U.S. demand. And we expanded our supply into Mexico with current sales of over 60,000 barrels per day, which should continue to increase with the ramp-up of supply through the Veracruz terminal. On the strategic front, we continue to evaluate and pursue economic projects that lower the carbon intensity of all of our products. In March, we announced that we were partnering with BlackRock and Navigator to develop a carbon capture system in the Midwest, allowing for conductivity of eight of our ethanol plants to the system. In addition to the tax credit benefit for CO2 capture and storage, Valero will also capture higher value for the lower carbon intensity ethanol product and low carbon fuel standard markets, such as California. The system is expected to be capable of storing 5 million metric tonnes of CO2 per year. In our Diamond Green Diesel 2 project at St. Charles remains on budget and is now expected to be operational in the middle of the fourth quarter of this year. The expansion is expected to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year, bringing the total capacity at St. Charles to 690 million gallons per year. The expansion will also allow us to market 30 million gallons per year of renewable naphtha from DGD 1 and DGD 2 into low carbon fuel markets. The renewable diesel project at Port Arthur or DGD 3 continues to move forward as well. This is expected to be operational in the second half of 2023. With the completion of this 470 million gallons per year capacity plant DGD's combined annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. With respect to our refinery optimization projects, we remain on track to complete the Pembroke Cogen project in the third quarter of this year and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023. As we head into summer, we believe that there's a pent-up desire among much of the population to travel and take vacations, which should drive incremental demand for transportation fuels. We're already seeing a star strong recovery in gasoline and diesel demand at 93% and 100% of pre-pandemic levels respectively. Since March, air travel has also increased. As reflected in TSA data, which shows that passenger count is now nearly double of what it was in January. We're also seeing positive signs in the crude market with wider discounts for sour crude oils and residual feedstocks relative to bread is an incremental crude oil from the Middle East comes to market. All these positive data points coupled with less refining capacity as a result of refinery rationalizations should lead to continued improvement in refining margins in the coming months. We've already seen the impacts of these improving market indicators with Valero having positive operating income and operating cash flow in March. In closing, we're encouraged by the outlook on refining as product demand steadily improves towards pre-pandemic levels, which should continue to have a positive impact on refining margins. We believe these improvements coupled with our growth strategy and low carbon renewable fuels will further strengthen our long-term competitive advantage. So with that Homer I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the first quarter of 2021, we incurred a net loss attributable to Valero stockholders of $704 million, or $1.73 per share, compared to a net loss of $1.9 billion, or $4.54 per share, for the first quarter of 2020. The first quarter of 2021 operating loss includes estimated excess energy costs of $579 million, or $1.15 per share. For the first quarter of 2020 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $140 million, or $0.34 per share. The adjusted results exclude an after-tax lower of cost or market, or LCM, inventory valuation adjustment of approximately $2 billion. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany the earning release. The refining segment reported an operating loss of $592 million in the first quarter of 2021, compared to an operating loss of $2.1 billion in the first quarter of 2020. The first quarter 2021 adjusted operating loss for the refining segment was $554 million, compared to adjusted operating income of $329 million for the first quarter of 2020, which excludes the LCM inventory valuation adjustment. The refining segment operating loss for the first quarter of 2021 includes estimated excess energy costs of $525 million related to impacts from Winter Storm Uri. Refinery throughput volumes in the first quarter of 2021 averaged 2.4 million barrels per day, which was 414 thousand barrels per day lower than the first quarter of 2020 due to scheduled maintenance and disruptions resulting from Winter Storm Uri. Throughput capacity utilization was 77% in the first quarter of 2021. Refining cash operating expenses of $6.78 per barrel were higher than guidance of $4.75 per barrel primarily due to estimated excess energy costs related to impacts from Winter Storm Uri of $2.21 per barrel. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was a record $201 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $198 million for the fourth quarter of 2020. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 867,000 gallons per day in the first quarter of 2021. The ethanol segment reported an operating loss of $56 million for the first quarter of 2021, compared to an operating loss of $197 million for the first quarter of 2020. The operating loss for the first quarter of 2021 includes estimated excess energy costs of $54 million related to impacts from Winter Storm Uri. First quarter of 2020 adjusted operating loss, which excludes the LCM inventory valuation adjustment was $69 million. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.6 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2021, which was 541,000 gallons per day lower than the first quarter of 2020. For the first quarter of 2021, G&A expenses were $208 million and net interest expense was $149 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $578 million and the income tax benefit was $148 million in the first quarter of 2020. The effective tax rate was 19%. Net cash used in operating activities was $52 million in the first quarter of 2021. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $184 million and our joint venture partners 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash used in operating activities was $344 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $5820 million of total capital investments in the first quarter of 2021, of which $333 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance; and $249 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to our partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $479 million in the first quarter of 2021. On April 2019, we sold a partial membership interest in the Pasadena marine terminal joint venture for $270 million. Moving to financing activities. We returned $400 million to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2021 through our dividend. And as you saw earlier this week, our Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $14.7 billion, and cash and cash equivalents were $2.3 billion. The debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents, was 40%. At the end of March, we had $5.9 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2021 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. Almost half of our growth CapEx in 2021 is allocated to expanding our renewable diesel business. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.65 million to 1.7 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 250,000 to 270,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 340,000 to 360,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $4.20 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment with the start up of DGD 2 in the fourth quarter, we now expect sales volumes to average 1 million gallons per day in 2021. Operating expenses in 2021 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 4.1 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $150 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $590 million. For 2021, we still expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $850 million, and the annual effective tax rate should approximate the U.S. statutory rate. Lastly, as we reported last quarter, we expect to receive a cash tax refund of approximately $1 billion later this year. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. Please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Roger Read: Thank you. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess I'd like to take into account your outlook, well comments about where we are in terms of demand, your outlook, in terms of volumes for Q2. And then look at the crude runs that you had Q1 of 2021 versus Q1 of 2020. It seems like all the decline came out of Light Sweet crudes and kind of Residuals and other. And I was curious as we go forward your comment about a little more crude coming from OPEC. Should we anticipate more of the volumes likely to be on the medium and heavy side, the sour side where you tend to get a little more advantage on crude differentials or is it really that the opportunity lies on the Light Sweet crude side just because that's what's come off in terms of the system?
Joe Gorder: How many questions was that, Roger?
Roger Read: Well, I know it's a two-question rule, but I'm just – it's a way of trying to…
Joe Gorder: No. No. We got it. We got it.
Roger Read: Crude is supposed to – which crude you're going to run.
Joe Gorder: No. I'm kidding. Gary is prepared for this, so I'll let him fire away.
Gary Simmons: Hey, good morning, Roger. Our view coming into the years and we would see fairly narrow crude quality differentials for the first half of the year, but as global oil demand picked up, a great percentage of that would be filled with additional OPEC production, which would cause the quality differentials to widen back out. I think by and large that that view is still holding. Most forecast show about 4 million barrels a day of additional OPEC production coming on the market to second half of the year. In fact at the last OPEC meeting, they're saying we could see as much as 2.1 million barrels of that as early as July. I think the only thing that's different is the quality differentials have widened a little bit faster than what we thought and it's for a number of reasons. The winter storm brought down a lot of high complexity, refining capacity that pushed medium and heavy sour crude back to the market and help widen those quality differentials. After the winter storm, we had the release from the strategic petroleum reserve; put 10 million barrels of medium sour on the market, which again pressured that ASCI differential. We're seeing more Iranian and Venezuelan barrels on the market where it's not flowing to the U.S. but flowing through the Far East, and it's taken some of the pressure off the medium sours in the U.S. Gulf Coast. And then recently we had the refinery fire in Mexico, which has put more my out on the market. So we think the combination of the events have happened recently additional OPEC barrels on the market. We also think you'll see more heavy Canadian with the recovery and flat price and production quotas being lifted there that the differentials will continue to widen. To your question, we have seen a switch in economic signals. Of course, it's very dependent on location and refinery configuration, but some of our refineries today; the economic signals are pointing us to run more heavy sour, and we're seeing fairly equal economics between medium sour, grapes and Light Sweet.
Roger Read: All right, guys, I'll leave it there since I did ask. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: No, Roger.
Roger Read: Thank you.
Joe Gorder: We really appreciated. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Theresa Chen [Barclays]. Please proceed with your question.
Theresa Chen: Good morning, everyone. So I'd like to dig a little – morning. I'd like to dig a little deeper on your comments about your carbon capture strategy. Maybe beginning with how your partnership with Navigator came about. And what can we expect in terms of the economics net to Valero? And if you intend to do something similar for your other facilities in the Gulf Coast, for example, especially on the heels of a competitor announcement building this type of infrastructure out in a major way along the Houston Ship Channel?
Joe Gorder: No. That's a good question. And Rich and Martin worked together, and Rich was kind of the architect behind this. So we'll let him take a crack at this.
Rich Lashway: Sure. So I'll just kind of back up. So Valero is going to be the anchor shipper on this project. BlackRock is the financial backer, and Navigator is leading the engineering, construction and operations for the carbon capture and sequestration. We're estimating that by doing this, we'll lower the carbon intensity of the ethanol that we produce from kind of a 70 CI down to 40 CI. And I'll let Martin kind of talk about the value creation there. But, today, the CI ethanol carries a premium into the California market, and the economics are supported by the California market and the 45Q tax credit. And we expect that further markets will develop for the low-carbon fuels, so increasing demand for this premium product. Today, Navigator is out there. They've launched their nonbinding open season, which is basically to kind of determine what kind of demand will be for this project so that they can rightsize the project and also kind of optimize on the routing. The open season is going very well, and we're seeing strong interest from ethanol producers and other industry players, but we're especially surprised by the strong interest from the fertilizer plants. And given the strong interest in the project, they will be moving forward with the binding open season this summer. And if you wanted more information, they've got a website out there. It's just navigatorco2.com, which kind of goes over the – kind of the open-season process and kind of a preliminary mapping of how the pipeline system is going to kind of work.
Martin Parrish: Thanks, Rich. Theresa, this is Martin. Yes. So the 70 to a 40 CI reduction in ethanol, that's worth like right now $0.47 a gallon at $200 a ton. And even out into the future, it stays right in that range, about $0.50 a gallon at a $200 per ton carbon price. As Rich said, we've got California and Oregon with programs now. We expect New York, New Mexico, Washington; they all have legislation in place for low carbon. We expect those to happen over some time in the next few years. So as this project has got a time line to completion, we expect no slowing down in low-carbon mandates or clean fuel standard mandates. So that's the additional demand for the product there.
Theresa Chen: Very helpful. And then within the broader LCFS framework, I wanted to ask about your renewable diesel business given the strength in margins as well as volumes. And maybe just on the impressive margin per unit result, can you explain what drove that this quarter, especially with the backdrop of rising feedstock cost, and if these high margins are sustainable?
Martin Parrish: Sure. I'll take a stab at that. Well, it was a good quarter, right? $2.75 per gallon EBITDA and if you look versus first quarter of 2020, soybean oil price is up 1.6 times, but the D4 RIN price is up 2.6 times. So the D4 RIN has done a lot of lifting, and that's provided margin. So we're looking – I think if you look over history, we've had a pretty good stress test the last three years. We've had a wide variation in RIN prices, wide variation in feedstock prices, wide variation ULSD prices, yet our margin has only varied from 2.17 a gallon EBITDA in 2018 to 2.37 a gallon EBITDA in 2020. And now, last – first quarter of 2020, first quarter of 2021, about the same and is 2.70 EBITDA range. So again, a pretty good stress test. So we feel pretty comfortable about those kind of margins going forward for the foreseeable future.
Theresa Chen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gresh: My first question is on the second quarter utilization guidance. The midpoint there was about 87%, with 91%, I think, in the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Con. And obviously, that's a bit above the April DOE, and there's obviously seasonality benefits as we move into the summer. So I'm just curious how you expect demand and utilization to progress into the summer. And do you think the crack spreads today weren't running that high of a level of utilization? Or is it an expectation of even higher cracks moving forward? Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Phil. This is Lane. So really, if you look at our guidance, it's somewhat consistent with where we're kind of running today. But there is – we have turnarounds in some of the refineries. But the current track, there's a call on refining to run at reasonably high rates. It's just a matter of how you're going to posture yourself and look at your supply chain. And so we're sort of inching up as an industry, but certainly, where margins are today and our margins going forward are that you'll see increasing utilization in the industry.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Got it. And the second question would be on the balance sheet. Obviously, you have the tax refund coming. There is the Pasadena asset sale here in April. So I'm curious how you're thinking about the leverage targets and whether there might be other asset sale opportunities like Pasadena, just some low-hanging fruit out there that could help accelerate any debt-reduction objectives? Thank you.
Jason Fraser: Yes. This is Jason. I can talk a little bit about how we're – see in the next 12 months with regard to debt reduction and capital allocation. Then Joe, if you want somebody else to talk about other potential opportunities?
Joe Gorder: Yes. Okay.
Jason Fraser: Well, like Joe said, in March, we had our first month with positive operating income and cash flow and to the demand in the markets are looking good. So things are definitely improving. It's hard to tell the exact pace that the margins and cash flows are going to recover, but we're certainly headed in the right direction. So some of the things we'll be looking at as margins start normalizing and cash flow starting normalizing is first thing we want to do is build our cash balance. We'll likely take our target up from the $2 billion range to the $3 billion-plus range. That will help our net debt to cap come down naturally as we do that. And as you asked about on the leverage side, the additional debt we took on was relatively short-term. The vast majority was three to five years in the base case. But we are going to look to pull some of that back in early. And the first thing we'll look at is this $575 million of freezer floaters that are callable beginning in September. So I imagine that's the first thing we'll pay up.
Joe Gorder: And then, Phil, just as it relates to the asset sales, and we don't have anything else in mind. And frankly, we didn't do this because we were in any kind of desperate need for cash. We did it because it was a smart thing to do financially. And when we developed this project and a few others that we developed and then kind of base loaded, the plan was that we would want use of the asset, but not necessarily need to own the asset. And so this was part of the plan all along. It's not something that I would consider to be abnormal. But at the same time, the motivation for it was that it was an attractive business transaction rather than a need for cash.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Can I just clarify; is the $1 billion tax refund still a 2Q target or just latest thoughts on magnitude and timing? Thank you.
Jason Fraser: Yes. Well, that is what we were thinking before, to talk a little bit more about that. We filed our tax – both our return and our refund request back in mid-January. It was a really big accomplishment for our tax department. We've never filed that early before, and I think most people don't. But unfortunately, it looks like the IRS is experiencing significant delays in processing these returns and the refund request. My understanding was that they normally turn around in a 90- to 120-day time frame. But with these COVID impacts, timing is uncertain this year. We certainly still expect to receive the full tax refund, but it may slip from the second quarter.
Phil Gresh: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Prashant Rao of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Prashant Rao: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Prashant.
Prashant Rao: I wanted to just – I have a two-parter, and I'll leave it with my compound question here, on DGD on the feedstock side. Martin, I think you're being a bit humble in saying the RIN was doing a lot of it – it was, but you guys also are – have advantaged feedstock and the way you set up that project. So I'm curious about your outlook going forward. One, it looks like – I know soybean is not something you were that exposed to, but the curve is showing some backwardation ahead, but really not a full mean reversion. So curious about what gets us going in terms of some deflation, reversing some of these inflation trends we've seen over the last couple of quarters for the overall complex. I guess soybean kind of the key that people key off of when they're making their assumptions? And then second, as we see that happen, how should we think about divergences or the advantage in your feedstocks like DCO or animal fats, UCO, other feedstocks that you're using the non-soy versus SPO as we start to see things deflate? And I'll leave it with that one.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Prashant. So I think what you have to do is if you kind of step back and look what's really – soybean oil gets the attention in United States. But what's really going on is the worldwide veg oil price and it's just – it's up. And why it's up? First of all, it was really low in 2018 and 2019. So we had some periods where it was low versus history. And by that, I mean, relative to ULSD. So soybean oil price is driven by the global supply and demand of veg oils. Soybean oil, palm oil and rapeseed oil are all up 60% to 95% year-on-year. Palm oil production in Indonesia was off because of a drought in 2020 and labor shortages due to COVID-19. You also had U.S. soybean oil production in the 2019/2020 crop year or just soybean production was like 80% of the previous year. So you also have to remember, you had the trade sanctions. So China wasn't in. China pulled down stocks a lot. They weren't in the market for the soybean oil. So prices dropped, not as much was produced. Well, now China is back in the market. The world is recovering. So you've got a big demand now out there for veg oils. So we kind of got into this place because of low prices, and we'll get out of it because of high prices. So all these can be grown on demand. So the cure for high prices is high prices. So we'll eventually work our way out of it, but it's going to take a little while. Now obviously, DGD's advantages were we're not running the veg oils other than the distiller’s corn oil, which is an inedible veg oil. So we expect to continue to see those feedstocks price at a discount to soybean oil. But the biggest advantage is the CI score of those oils, those waste oils, compared to a veg oil or compared to the soybean oil in most jurisdictions. So that's really what drives DGD. And by having our robust pretreatment system, our location, our ability to run anything is just a huge advantage.
Prashant Rao: Thanks for that. That's super helpful. I'll leave it at that.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Homer Bhullar: Doug, you might be on mute, buddy.
Doug Leggate: Is that any better, guys? Can you hear me?
Joe Gorder: You bet. Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Good stuff. Good morning, Joe. Joe, I want to ask also about the broader kind of carbon footprint of Valero. I'm looking at Slide 5 on your deck. And I'm just wondering, with the latest announcement for the carbon pipeline and with obviously the potential for additional DGD plants, what is the objective for Valero overall? Is it basically to get that carbon footprint neutral negative? What's the general strategic objective of how you're building up your green credentials, if you like?
Joe Gorder: Now, that's a good question, Doug. And obviously, I mean, you can tell from the chart and you can tell from where we're spending our capital that we have a clear recognition here that low-carbon fuels are going to be in much greater demand going forward. The interesting thing here from our perspective is that we've been able to come up with low-carbon fuel projects and projects that have enabled us to reduce the carbon intensity of some of our other fuels with projects that have significant returns also. I mean its one thing to try to have that drive to find compliance with Paris to go to carbon neutrality and so on. That's all fine and good. But it's also critical that, when we're on that path that we do it in a way that continues to deliver financial returns for our investors, and so while we continue to look at not only the projects that are listed here. I mean, obviously, the carbon sequestration pipeline is the next extension after we were in ethanol first and then renewable diesel and now this. And there's other projects that we're taking a look at, too, that are going to help us on this path going forward. The targets we've set for ourselves to hit by 2025, we think, are very achievable. And I don't think that you should expect that our goals are going to continue to be pushed forward from there. So we want to be viable for the long-term. We believe that liquid fuels are going to be part of the energy mix going forward. It's infeasible to think that they wouldn't. And we just want to do our part and continue to provide low-carbon products.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the full answer. I do have a quick follow-up, and it's related specifically to LCFS. And I guess, I'm going to be very honest with you, Joe. We were having a tough time modeling the sustainable discounted free cash flow, if you like, for Diamond Green Diesel because we don't know what the LCFS, how that's going to evolve. So I just wonder if you could – whichever one of you guys wants to answer this. How do you think about when you look at the economics of the project? How do you guys think about forecasting the scenarios for how LCFS can evolve? Because obviously, everybody in their [indiscernible] kind of coming up with projects, including electric vehicle charging stations, which are another offset, which can start to bite into that LCFS. So how are you thinking about modeling the payback and the assumption of LCFS in your projects? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Martin Parrish: Okay. Yes. This is Martin. I mean, the way we're looking at it is – obviously, California is there with the program. We think if Oregon is there with the program. Canada has got a clean fuel standard that's going to be in place. And the Canadian demand on diesel is about twice as high as California demand. And then you've got all these other programs. You've got the EU now with Red 2 out to 2030, California out to 2030. So while there's a lot of projects announced, there's also a lot of incremental demand announced. And if you look at generation to date, what's carrying the load for California is renewable diesel, biodiesel and ethanol that 70% of the credits generated is that. So when we look at the time line for the economics and what we're looking at for the Diamond Green projects, they pay out pretty quick, right? So, but we're not – and we don't see anything changing materially, and certainly through 2025 type time frame and even beyond that, we don't see this is changing that much. So we feel pretty good about that. I think CARB, if you have a carbon price go down, they're going to adjust that up. I mean I think they've pretty well signaled that this $200 a ton is kind of the sweet spot for them and 200, 200-plus. And so we feel pretty good about demand, and I think the flip side is a lot of these projects that are announced, if you go back in history, they just don't happen and we don't see anything that's going to change that trend.
Jason Fraser: Doug, you may recall – Doug, you may recall when we issued guidance on the DGD 2, right? Like our portion of the cost was $550 million, and our EBITDA guidance was $250 million and that was based on $1.26 EBITDA, right? And you compare that to the $2.75 that we generated last quarter, just gives you some context of how much room there is.
Doug Leggate: Very, very quick payback. Guys, maybe just tag on one last one real quick. Valero's view on carbon tax, positive or negative? And I'll leave it at that.
Joe Gorder: Who wants to take that one? Rich?
Rich Lashway: Carbon tax. Well, so you see various discussion points out there, you've got some trade groups; you've got other folks talking about carbon tax. It will be, generally speaking, in terms of best ways to reduce carbon emissions, the most efficient way to do that in the economy is with a tax. We would say the key components of this is the tax has to be applied broadly across the entire economy. You need to make sure it doesn't result in exporting the emissions outside the country. So you're going to have to have some kind of border adjustment process around it. But, yes, I think a carbon tax is an efficient way to address some of these issues and to help lower carbon. I'd point out that we do quite well in the – in this low-carbon fuel environment, and so we think we would be advantaged under that regime as well.
Doug Leggate: Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Sam Margolin: Good morning. How's everybody doing?
Joe Gorder: All right. Sam, well. And you?
Sam Margolin: Good. Thanks. Thank you, sir. I have a question to start off about RINs. And I guess it affects both DGD and the refining business. We're starting to see some companies emerge that are RINs-generating businesses that are selling forward their RINs. In some cases, not even to obligated parties at a fixed price and then the off-taker takes the risk of the RIN price. Is that something that's interesting to you either at DGD to kind of smooth that variability in results or even in the refining segment to add some visibility there?
Lane Riggs: Sam, this is Lane. We obviously are in a net position of buying RIN. So any way that we – any counterparty that as a novel way to getting RINs on the market, we obviously could be on the other side of that. As it's related to renewable diesel, I'm going to kick it over Martin.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Sam. So I think when we look at our margin structure, there's probably no need. I mean we think that – with the RIN, if you step back and look at this, the price of the D4 RIN is based on the spread between biodiesel and ULSD. And then the driver for the biodiesel price is almost entirely soybean oil because that's the marginal feed for the biodiesel producer. So then, therefore, if you have at a given ULSD price, the D4 RIN is high, if soybean oil is high and the D4 RIN is low of soybean oil is low. So as renewable diesel feedstock prices move with soybean oil, renewable diesel margin is not necessarily higher with D4 RINs as they appreciate. Now D6 RINs are a whole different story. They're dependent on the renewable volume obligation and whether D4 RINs are needed to satisfy the total renewable fuels obligation. If D4 RINs are needed, then that D6 price is going to approach the D4 price, and that's the case we're in today. The D4 is right up against the D6. So D4s are tied to the production cost of biodiesel. We don't see that fundamentally changing. And then the D6 just depends on the total renewable fuel obligation and whether additional biodiesel is needed to balance that equation. So a D6 can be about anywhere, a ceiling of D4 down to zero, but a D4 has got some fundamentals behind it. So we don't really see the need to protect that.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thank you. And this follow-up is about carbon capture. It sort of relates to Doug's last question on a carbon tax. But just because of your experience in the LCFS and now as a shipper in a CCS project, Valero is very far ahead of the industry in terms of understanding the impact of a price of carbon or cost of carbon on energy markets and how it flows to the consumer, and there's a debate now about whether that is a restriction on the potential scale of carbon capture as a solution. So I'd ask you just to kind of comment broadly or specifically about how you see the world with a carbon price and whether it's applicable to, say, outfit an entire refining system with some kind of carbon capture solution, if that makes sense based on the way it interacts with consumers? Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Yes. There's a lot of facets to that question. I mean, I wouldn't presume to say that we're ahead of anybody in looking at this. Perhaps we are, but that's not a claim, I don't think, that we would be willing to make. Lane can speak here about potential things that we could look at in the refineries to continue to do this. But the projects that we've looked at thus far all related to our core business. There's no particular step out that we've had here. We're in the ethanol business. We've been in the pipeline business for a long time, and we're in the refining business. So you want to speak at all about…
Lane Riggs: I'm not sure I provide a lot of tremendous insight in this. I would say that we went around and looked at all of our sort of our stacks for carbon dioxide, obviously, is coming on. And we focused our efforts on where carbon dioxide is concentrated in those stacks. And therefore, it's easier to sequester it and get it targeted. So those are – and we're doing that in whatever the regime is, whether it's an LCFS market or it's in the CCUS market. So those are – that's how we're doing it for now, right? And again, so you can see where we've landed. We're doing ethanol. We're looking at – we have some SMRs that predominantly have CO2 as a flue gas and our flue gas. So those sort of things that we're analyzing. But there is ultimately needs to be more certainty and more of a larger framework out there for that kind of investment for refining and – and you need a carbon price that's a little bit higher, something more on the order of like the LCFS carbon prices.
Joe Gorder: Yes. Anything you want to add, Martin?
Martin Parrish: No. That's the point. I mean, Lane hit it on the head. When you look at an ethanol plant, it's a cost-effective way. You've got basically pure CO2. And it's at one point, one stack in the plant. Then you also have this 45Q and the CI reduction. So when you get to a – and then steam methane reformer can make sense too. But when you get to most of our refineries, we're not accessing those low-carbon markets. You've got a lot of sources. So you're going to have to get a higher carbon price, and that's what it's going to take to get more going on in the carbon sequestration market.
Sam Margolin: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Manav Gupta of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Gupta: Hey, guys. Thank you. Joe, my question is more specific to the U.S. demand. I think we're getting a lot of negative attention from the COVID spikes in other parts of the world, but things are looking pretty good in the U.S. as per your initial comments. I'm trying to understand, in your opinion, how far are we in terms of time frame where we could go back to pre-pandemic level demand for gasoline, diesel and domestic jet, even if you leave out the international jet? How far are we from a point where we could see a full recovery in the three key products in the U.S.?
Joe Gorder: Mr. Simmons?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So as Joe mentioned, gasoline recovery has gone very well. A combination of the vaccine rollout and economic stimulus has driven a rapid recovery and demand for our products. Our wholesale numbers are pretty consistent with the DOE data. I think our seven-day average is about 95% of pre-pandemic level, which is where Wednesday stats came out on the DOE as well. So a little bit below the five-year average, but well within the five-year average range. We're pretty bullish on gasoline going forward, not only due to the pace of recovery, but we think there's a number of factors that could be very supportive for gasoline demand. As people return to a normal style of life, we're seeing that people are driving more and kind of avoiding mass transit. For the summer season, we believe that a lot of people that want to go on vacation will again maybe avoid travel on an airplane and taking more driving vacations. And then just as Joe alluded to, because people felt trapped in their home for a year now, they'll spend more of the discretionary income on experiences like vacation rather than things. So everything domestically on the gasoline front looks very good. And even though we've seen spikes of COVID cases around the world, our domestic export markets are starting to pick up as well. Mexico gasoline demand in March was up 11% from February. So the gasoline side looks very good. On the diesel side, we've really been in this mode where diesel demand is almost fully recovered. We're starting to see very strong diesel demand, especially in our Mid-Continent system today as agricultural demand is starting to kick in. And the combination of the economic stimulus and infrastructure build, we think drives economic growth and will cause sustained strong diesel demand moving forward. You also talked about jet, and certainly we felt like jet would lag in terms of demand recovery. And it has. But if you look at the DOE stats this week, we're at 76% pre-pandemic levels. And I think if you look at a lot of the leading indicators, the TSA passenger counts look very strong, and that's not fully showing up in the DOE data yet. So far, the airlines have chosen just to put more passengers on a plane, but we're getting to an inflection point where now they're starting to add flights. You can see that in jet fuel nominations and also the fact that airlines are calling their pilots and their crews back and starting to add flights. So I think if you look at where jet demand could go; pre pandemic, about 81% of flights in the U.S. were domestic flights. I think we could get that demand back. That last 20% in terms of international travel will probably take a little longer to recover there.
Manav Gupta: Yes. Perfect. My quick follow-up here is your renewable diesel results clearly are reflecting two very high-quality companies working together, and it's kind of showing up in the results. And my point is, I think if something is still working so well then you should do more of it. As I understand, when you designed DGD 3, you did leave space at Port Arthur for a DGD 4, exactly like DGD 1 and 2 at St. Charles. So at what point – will you wait for DGD 2 to start up? But at what point does Valero and Darling come together and start looking at a DGD 4 at Port Arthur facility? And I'll leave it there.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Manav. So who wants to do that? Martin or Lane?
Lane Riggs: I'll take a shot. Manav, this is Lane. So everything you said is absolutely correct. We've left – we've left plot area to look at Diamond Green for there. But we want to see how the market develops. We want to understand sustainable aviation fuel, which is another option for us in the space. So we're developing projects along both those lines, and we'll just see how the world works. But we got to get two of these started up and get them done. As you've seen, our schedules are doing much better, and so we're actually bringing these to market earlier. And our real focus right now is to do just that. Our guys go there. We're very much involved in trying to accelerate these projects and bring them forward any way possible because of, as you can see, the economics and the projects.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Paul.
Paul Cheng: I think that I'm going to ask two questions. One is maybe as a multiple part related to the COVID.
Joe Gorder: Come at it, buddy. Come at it. We expect nothing less.
Paul Cheng: Joe, I'm guilty as charged. For the DGD 2, can you give us a percentage of your feedstock that is the advantage of feedstock like the waste oil and all that? And also then, when we're looking at your renewable on the CST supply contract, I think you generate quite a fair amount of the RIN there. And can you tell us that, I mean, how much is the win you generate from those contracts and when that will expire? And when you talk about, I think, Martin, on the CCS band opinion in the ethanol, so that's related to eight of your plan out of the 16? So should we assume that half of your throughput volume will get that benefit of the $0.47 per gallon of the credit if we assume the LCFS maintained at 200? So that's the first question? Should I go ahead and – before I ask the second?
Homer Bhullar: Well, but we're trying to figure that one out. But you're going to have to wait for even the second part of the first question.
Joe Gorder: That was good.
Martin Parrish: On the feedstock, DGD 2, I mean, we're expecting – we're going to have a higher mix of tallow, but we still expect the feedstocks for DGD 2 to be advantaged. So it's the same cast of characters, the used cooking oil, the tallow, the distiller’s corn oil of ethanol plants. So that's what we expect to be stock for DGD 2 to be. But certainly, we'll be heading for more tallow. Used cooking oil is pretty close to being tapped out right now in the U.S. More of that will show up with these high prices that's what we expect. So what's – and then the ethanol question is, what was that carbon sequestration? How much of our volume is – what we're planning – what we're looking at, certainly, there's been a few questions the California market can't absorb it all. And it depends on how many of these ethanol projects happen. California is 10% of the U.S. gasoline market. So it's 10% of the U.S. ethanol market. But we certainly expect by the time we have these sequestration projects to be in place, something is going to happen in the Northeast. New York is a big market. As we said, New Mexico has got a standard that they're looking at. Depending on what Canada does with the clean fuel standard that may be an option to go there. We have to see what those final rigs look like on carbon sequestration. But again, we just feel like there is going to be more of these clean fuel standards, low-carbon fuel standard in the future than they are now. So we'll see how that plays out.
Paul Cheng: How about the CST supply contract on the wind generation and when that those contracts expire?
Homer Bhullar: I don't think we can comment on that, unfortunately, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. The second question is on Mexico. Given the recent political situation look like AMLO may want to be national lines or that we emphasize the stay maybe the dominancy in some of the sector including energy. So, I mean, what is your read for the people on the ground? And is that something that will impact your expansion or that your business over there?
Rich Walsh: This is Rich Walsh. Let me take an effort at answering that. I mean, I think, when we look at Mexico, first off, they would take a constitutional reform for them to really formally close out the energy sector and nationalize it. So, we don't see the political climate supporting that. If you're talking about the recent legislative reforms that Mexico is working on, those are really aimed around fuel theft and other things. If you're – if you've got a legitimate business and you're operating there as we have, I think we would be able to operate around those regulations. It is a tough regulatory environment to be there, but we're very adept at this stuff. We've moved quickly. We have our market assets on the ground there, and we're working cooperatively with the Mexican government. And we think we have a pretty good relationship with them and a good relationship with PEMEX. And so our view is that we'll be in Mexico for the long haul, and we think that it's good for the Mexican people, and we think we can help supply and solve some of their energy needs.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey of Sankey Research. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Sankey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. The bad news is I've got eight questions. The bad news is I've got eight questions, Joe. The good news is you've answered six of them. So…
Joe Gorder: We've missed you, Paul.
Paul Sankey: I missed you too. One concern of clients has been imports of products into the U.S. and I guess that goes further to refining shutdowns. So could you just talk a little bit about the dynamics of, I guess, Atlantic Basin product markets? I'm just wondering whether that's a sort of dumping of gasoline that's going on and whether these refineries – what you think about refineries getting shut down because we know you guys are in the right part of the cost curve. I just wondered what your perspective is on whether or not we can rationalize some of the stuff that's kind of damaging the market, particularly into New York Harbor. And that will be it for me. Thanks, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Paul.
Homer Bhullar: Yes, Paul. So I think in Joe's opening comments, he mentioned we drew down 60 million barrels of light product inventory as a result of the winter storm. It put inventories very, very low in the U.S. And the low inventories really incentivized imports, especially into the East Coast. And so we've seen that record levels of imports. But you're already starting to see those odds close and the volumes of product flowing from Northwest Europe and the New York are slow. In addition to the slowing of imports, we're starting to see exports pick back up. So certainly, for us, we had exports down in the first quarter as we replenished inventories, but already in April. Our exports are starting to normalize as well. So I do think that was a short-term dynamic that will reverse as we move forward.
Paul Sankey: Anything to add on refining shutdowns, the outlook?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul. I would just say we've had a strategic outlook that says the EU, the southern refineries and Europe will continue to be under pressure, largely driven by just changes in trade flows. And then you kind of add to that the ES&G goals of the companies that they are going to continue to be under pressure. And then we also believe and continue to have a sort of an outlook that Latin American refineries are going to struggle to run a competitive utilization rates. And so that's just going to be an ongoing thing. So to the extent that that's how the Atlantic Basin tries to sort of settle up in a sort of a post-COVID universe, we'll just see how it all works.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Maybe a couple, hopefully, fairly quick, one on RNG. I mean, a number of your integrated peers have been involved in on partnerships on the RNG side. Is this something that you've looked at? Or do you view it as not fitting or competitive within your portfolio compared to the carbon capture of renewable diesel projects? And then maybe a second one, you've got the Pembroke Cogen unit and the Diamond pipeline expansion coming on into the second half of this year. There's an EBITDA range associated with those, which is reasonably wide. Any thoughts on – in the current market, what the potential EBITDA contribution would be and what the big drivers are there in the range?
Rich Lashway: Okay. This is Rich Lashway. I'll take the first piece of the RNG. So we are looking at different opportunities where we can take the RNG on a kind of a booking claim basis into the refineries to generate the development fuels, which fit into the UK. So that's kind of our foray into it right now, but we still continue to look at other opportunities for RNG into kind of our supply chain to lower the carbon intensity of the products that we're producing. So we are doing it, but we're just kind of on a quieter kind of scale.
Jason Fraser: As for the Pembroke Cogen, we expect to start up here at the end of the second quarter, start of the third quarter. I think our FID EBITDA was like, I want to say, US$38 million. Obviously, you had some currency risk in that. But I mean that's sort of the range in terms of what the EBITDA contribution is on an annual basis. And…
Joe Gorder: Have a pipeline we don't have anything to add.
Jason Fraser: Yes. That was just an optimization and the return on that, Ryan, is going to be similar to like any logistics projects.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Gabelman of Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Gabelman: Yes. Hi. Good morning everyone. I wanted to ask on the refinery utilization guidance, specifically in the U.S., so excluding North Atlantic. Are you essentially running kind of at maximum levels at this point, excluding maintenance? Or are you still operating in this framework where you're trying to control or manage the supply chain? That's the first one. And the second one, just on some of the credit prices that impact renewable diesel. First, just the outlook on RINs. Do you expect prices to come off when RVOs are announced or when the small refinery exemption case is concluded? And then conversely, on LCFS prices, they've weakened recently a bit, just wondering your views on why that is and if you expect them to strengthen. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll speak to the first question about the outlook. It's somewhat commensurate with where we are today and like all-in refining capacity is a fairly decent one. I wouldn't say we're running at max rates, but we're running above – we're running in utilization rates that were more indicative of pre-COVID levels, but they're not completely – we're not completely running at max because we are still being very careful with our supply chain.
Martin Parrish: Yes. And then on the – if you talk about the RINs, the RVO will impact the D6 RINs. I talked about that earlier. Once you need to satisfy the total renewable obligation, the D4 RIN is really all about the veg oil prices in the world. So as long as they stay escalated and it's going to take at least a crop cycle to fix that, we expect the D4 RINs to stay high. On LCFS, it's off, as you stated. I think a lot of that has to do with the lockdown in California. And being from my opinion on it, you just generated less deficits out there. So you would think that the Credit Bank is going to grow marginally in this environment. But as soon as California gets back to speed here, we would expect the LCFS prices to rebound and that should be happening in the second and third quarters of this year, we would think.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Blair of Tudor, Pickering Holt & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Matthew Blair: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Lane, you mentioned SAF. How much SAF can DGD produce today? And if that number is low, what's the timing and cost to add in some SAF flexibility? And can you just talk in general about the economics on SAF versus RD and how you see this SAF market developing?
Lane Riggs: Yes. So I'll start with the very last question you had first. Sustainable aviation fuel requires something above renewable diesel because there's yield penalties and there is capital cost or energy costs, all of the above to try to make it. So if you sort of say, hey, I can always – I have the investment to make renewable diesel, therefore, I need something additional to make sustainable aviation fuel. Today, we're not configured to make it directly. There's ways that we could make it at a big yield penalty loss. And again, that's back to the cost structure. In terms of the way we think the most economic way to produce it would require a pretty relatively expensive investment. It's essentially adding a reactor into the process and the fractionation. So there's some costs there. And those are the things that these are the projects we're trying to develop where you certainly need just – you do need some – there's people interested in small amounts here and there, and you could probably get to that with fractionation. But to do this in any meaningful way, you're going to need something to get over the hump here of requiring jet fuel to be a renewable.
Matthew Blair: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Homer Bhullar for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And obviously, if you have any follow-ups, feel free to contact the IR team. Stay safe and healthy, and have a great day. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, greetings and welcome to the Valero Energy Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a remainder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. The COVID-19 pandemic has had an extraordinary impact on families, communities, and businesses across the globe. The energy business was among those confronted by unprecedented demand contraction, which began in the first quarter of 2020 as COVID-19 cases accelerated globally, resulting in an increase in crude oil and product inventories to record high levels. In response, we lowered our refinery utilization rates to more closely match product supply with demand. And as the pandemic-related restrictions were eased in some regions and mobility increased, product demand increased substantially, steadily reducing crude oil and product inventories. We ended the year with U.S. crude oil and product inventories within the normal five-year inventory band. Throughout the pandemic, our team has been thorough and decisive in its operational and financial response, while maintaining focus on safety and reliability. In fact, we set several operational records in 2020, recording our best ever year on employee safety performance, achieving the milestone two years in a row, and the best ever year for process safety and environmental performance. And applying our refining expertise to optimize our renewable diesel segment, we set records for sales volumes and margin in 2020. We also made significant progress on our international strategy to expand our product supply chain into higher-growth markets with the start of waterborne product shipments to our new Veracruz terminal, making Valero one of the largest fuel importers into Mexico. On the financial side, we improved our liquidity by raising $4 billion of debt at attractive rates, and we reduced our capital budget by over $500 million, while keeping our high-return projects moving forward. And in spite of all the challenges this past year, we continued to honor our commitment to our shareholders by maintaining the dividend and ending the year with $3.3 billion of cash and $9.2 billion of total available liquidity. Despite the pandemic imposed challenges and several hurricanes, we completed and continued to make progress on several strategic growth projects, including the St. Charles Alkylation unit, which was brought on line in the fourth quarter, on schedule and under budget. The project further increases the competitiveness of the St. Charles refinery and is a testament to the talent and efforts as a refining organization. The Pembroke Cogen project and the Diamond Pipeline expansion are on track to be completed in the third and fourth quarters of 2021. And the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023.The Diamond Green Diesel expansion project at St. Charles, which we refer to as DGD 2 is designed to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result of continuous process improvement and optimization, the capacity of the existing St. Charles renewable diesel plant, DGD 1, has increased from 275 million gallons per year to 290 million gallons per year. With the completion of DGD 2, the total capacity at St. Charles is expected to be 690 million gallons per year. In 2020, we laid out our comprehensive roadmap to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 63% by 2025. As part of this goal, we continue to reinvest capital into higher growth, higher return, low-carbon renewable fuels projects. To that end, we're pleased to announce that the Board has approved DGD 3, a new 470 million gallons per year renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas refinery. We're moving forward with the project immediately, and we now expect the new plant to be operational in the second-half of 2023. Once DGD 3 is completed, DGD’s combined annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued improvement in refining margins, as COVID-19 vaccines are widely distributed in the coming months, allowing people and businesses to get back to normalcy. We're already seeing encouraging signs with strong diesel demand and with U.S. total light product inventories now in the normal range. In addition, many uncompetitive refineries around the world announced shutdowns or conversions in 2020, and we expect further capacity rationalizations to be announced this year. In closing, we remain steadfast in the execution of our strategy, pursuing excellence in operations, investing for earnings growth with lower volatility and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. We expect low-carbon fuel policies to continue to expand globally and drive demand for renewable fuels. And with that view, we're leveraging our global liquid fuels platform and expertise that comes with being the largest renewable diesel producer in North America to steadily expand our competitive advantage and economic low-carbon projects for a higher return on invested capital. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the fourth quarter of 2020, we incurred a net loss attributable to Valero stockholders of $359 million, or $0.88 per share compared to net income of $1.1 billion, or $2.58 per share for the fourth quarter of 2019. The fourth quarter 2020 adjusted net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $429 million, or $1.06 per share compared to adjusted net income of $873 million, or $2.13 per share for the fourth quarter of 2019. For 2020, the net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.4 billion, or $3.50 per share compared to net income of $2.4 billion, or $5.84 per share in 2019. The 2020 adjusted net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.3 billion, or $3.12 per share compared to adjusted net income of $2.4 billion, or $5.70 per share in 2019. Fourth quarter and full-year 2019 and 2020 adjusted results exclude items reflected in the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to those financial tables. The refining segment reported an operating loss of $377 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to operating income of $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. Excluding the LIFO liquidation adjustment and other operating expenses, the fourth quarter 2020 adjusted operating loss for the refining segment was $476 million. Fourth quarter 2020 results were impacted by narrow crude oil differentials, lower product demand and lower prices as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Refining throughput volumes averaged $2.6 million barrels per day, which was lower than the fourth quarter of 2019 due to lower product demand. Throughput capacity utilization was 81% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.40 per barrel were in line with guidance with $0.47 per barrel higher than the fourth quarter of 2019, primarily due to the effect of lower throughput rates. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was $127 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $541 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. After adjusting for the retroactive blender's tax credit in 2019, adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $187 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 618,000 gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2020, a decrease of 226,000 gallons per day versus the fourth quarter of 2019 due to the effect of planned maintenance. The segment set annual records for sales volumes of 787,000 gallons per day and margin of $2.66 per gallon. Operating income for the ethanol segment was $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $36 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.1 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2020, which was 197,000 gallons per day lower than the fourth quarter of 2019. The decrease in operating income from the fourth quarter of 2019 was primarily due to lower margins, resulting from higher corn prices and lower ethanol prices. For the fourth quarter of 2020, G&A expenses were $224 million and net interest expense was $153 million. G&A expenses in 2020 of $756 million were $112 million lower than 2019. Depreciation and amortization expense was $577 million and income tax benefit was $289 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. The annual effective of tax rate was 45% for 2020, which was primarily the result of the carryback of our U.S. federal tax net operating loss to 2015 when the statutory tax rate was 35%. And we expect to receive a cash tax refund of approximately $1 billion in the second quarter of this year. Net cash provided by operating activities was $96 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. Excluding the unfavorable impact from the changes in working capital of $113 million and our joint venture partner’s 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in DGD's working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $140 million, and adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $955 million for the full year. With regard to investing activities, we made $622 million of total capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2020, of which $214 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts, and regulatory compliance, and $408 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to our partner’s 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $458 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 and $2 billion for the full year. Moving to financing activities, we returned $400 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter of 2022 through our dividend and $1.8 billion through dividends and buybacks in the year, resulting in a total 2020 payout ratio of 184% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. And our Board of Directors just approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share, demonstrating our strong financial position and commitment to return cash to our investors. With regard to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $14.7 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $3.3 billion. The debt to capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 37%. And at the end of December, we had $5.9 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we expect capital investments attributable to Valero for 2021 to be approximately $2 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. About 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. Almost half of our growth CapEx in 2021 is allocated to expanding our renewable diesel business. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges, Gulf Coast at 1.49 million to 1.54 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 170,000 to 190,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.75 per barrel, which is impacted by lower throughput volumes due to planned maintenance activity. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 790,000 gallons per day in 2021. Operating expenses in 2021 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.15 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce 3.7 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.06 per gallon for noncash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $155 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $575 million. For 2021, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $850 million, and the annual effective tax rate should approximate the U.S. statutory rate. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. And please respect this request to ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson: Regarding refining fundamentals, Joe, you mentioned a minute ago that inventories are starting to shape up a little bit in close to five-year levels, I think on an absolute basis, but they look like they're going to the same range adjusted for demand for both gasoline and distillate, which is a good thing. Margins are near year-ago levels in most U.S. markets, and we're starting to see feedstock differentials widen, too. So, my question is, have you been surprised by the pace of the recovery that we've seen? Do you think there is reason to believe that it's sustainable? And either way, what's your overall view for the recovery in refined products market for 2021? What's your outlook at this point?
Joe Gorder: Doug, that's a good question. We'll let Gary and Lane speak to it in some detail. But, I mean, we've been pleased with the pace of the recovery so far. And frankly, I think, you're going to see it accelerate as the vaccine rolls out more aggressively. That's kind of an obvious statement. But, I think, sometimes we do take it for granted. If we can really get the government functioning appropriately on the distribution, I think, we're going to be in much better shape, perhaps quicker than we all realized. And we've got a member of our Board of Directors, who thinks that there is such pent-up demand, certainly in the East Coast where he is and other parts of the country, that when we do get the vaccine rolled out, we get a herd immunity in place, you're going to see this look a little bit like the roaring 1920s, and that's his point of view. And I would tend to agree with that. So, with that, I'll let Gary and Lane provide a little more color specifically regarding the inventories and demand.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Doug. This is Gary. Certainly, getting total light product inventory, we built a significant surplus, especially early on in the pandemic. So, seeing that surplus essentially gone and getting back into the five-year average range is very encouraging. As you know, as demand starts to pick up, it will allow margins to recover much quicker. I think, encouraging -- another encouraging sign is the fact, despite the fact that we've had a surge in COVID cases, gasoline demand for the DOE is still a little bit above 90% year-over-year where it was last year at this time. Our wholesale volumes are showing to be pretty close to that. And so, the combination of reasonable gasoline demand and relatively low gasoline inventories has caused the prop market to be a little stronger. I think, one of the key things there is the stronger prop market has really flattened the curve on gasoline. And so, it's taking away a lot of that incentive to store summer grade gasoline, and that certainly sets up for a stronger driving season in terms of gasoline margins. As Joe said, I think, we view that we'll see gradual recovery. Second quarter, you'll start to see things pick up. And then we expect things to be fairly normal by the third quarter, with the exception that we do see that there could be a lot of pent-up demand, and people that are spending disposable income largely buying things that they're ordering are going to spend that disposable income getting out and on experiences, family vacations, which could cause a surge in gasoline demand. On the diesel side, as you kind of mentioned, diesel demand is really hung in there pretty strong. So, DOEs are showing over 98% year-over-year diesel demand. Actually, at the seven-day average in our system, we were at 111% year-over-year, so actually showing diesel demand growth in our system. I think some of that heating oil demand has been strong, a little bit colder winter this year, starting to see some drilling activity pick up, which, of course, helps diesel demand. And then, of course, with people spending disposable income ordering things, freight -- on-road freight, trucking and rail has been strong as well. As we move throughout the year, we expect to see some incremental diesel demand coming from ag, as you start to plant crops. And then, moving throughout the year, we also see that as jet demand begins to recover, it will lower diesel yields and help bring supply and demand into balance, which will set diesel up nicely longer-term.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Good points. So, that kind of covers it for me. It sounds fairly encouraging.
Joe Gorder: Yes. Doug, I mean, look, we are encouraged. I mean, I think we're through the worst of this. And we're looking forward to getting back to more normal lifestyles here and certainly a more normal business climate. But, let me just say one thing before you get off. I understand that you're going to be repositioning this spring. And we've known each other for a very long time. And I'd be remiss if I just didn't say that without question, your wisdom and insight in this sector is unsurpassed. But more importantly than that, Doug, you're a very good man, and we're all better people for having had the opportunity to get to know you and to work with you over the years. And I, for one, am going to miss you greatly. So, I know we're going to have a chance to visit here sometime in March. But look, I just want to -- on behalf of the whole Valero team, I think, we just want to wish you the best and tell you thanks for everything you've done for the industry over the years.
Doug Terreson: Well, Joe, thank you, too. I mean, you guys have been capital management leaders, especially in this industry. Your stock reflects it over time, and you all are good guys, too. And so, you've been a really easy management team for me to support over the decades. And I just want to thank you for your leadership and really enjoyed our time together. And so, you guys pat yourselves on the back because you deserve the performance that has been demonstrated in the stock market for sure. Thanks again, Joe.
Joe Gorder: Yes. Bless you, buddy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gresh: Hey. Good morning. Tough follow-up.
Joe Gorder: Well, Phil, you're still a young guy. You'll get yours one day, but it probably won't be from me.
Phil Gresh: I guess, I'll follow-up on one part of Doug's question there, just on the differential side. You talked a lot about the product margin element, differential is obviously still pretty tight here, especially like on light-heavy. So, how do you guys see that playing out for the rest of the year?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Phil, this is Gary. I think, we have seen very narrow crude quality differentials. In order to get those widened out, we need more OPEC barrels on the market. If you look at most consulting forecast, they're showing global oil demand growing to the point where you'll need at least 3 million barrels a day of additional OPEC production online by the end of the year. And so, I think, our view is probably the back half of the year is where you'll see quality differentials begin to widen out. I think, that's further supported by, if you look at the high sulfur fuel oil forward curve, where high sulfur fuel have been trading around 90% of Brent, you look to the back half of the year, and it gets more to 80% of Brent, which is more indicative that we'll see those quality differentials widen out again kind of the second-half of the year.
Phil Gresh: Got it. Okay. And then, the second question, just trying to think through the capital spending cadence over these next few years with Phase 3 of Diamond Green Diesel. Obviously, you talked about a $2 billion spending level for 2021 being able to hold, despite still some spending for Phase 2. So, as you look out to 2022 and 2023, do you think you can do the Phase 3 project within the $2 billion or so capital budget as well? I'm just trying to gauge the free cash flow potential as we see the refining margins recover and DGD EBITDA come on?
Lane Riggs: Hey Phil, this is Lane. So, we did about $2 billion last year, actually a little bit less than that. We maintained our pace on spending on Diamond 2 and developing Diamond 3. And we believe that we can continue to do that if for whatever reason, the world's -- the cash is a little bit lower. Obviously, we want to get back to some other things at some point, but we can certainly maintain our spend on renewable diesel with our capital budget at a $2 billion level.
Joe Gorder: Yes. And Phil, just -- I mean, from a broader strategic perspective, this 2 to $2 billion number is our target going forward, okay? I don't think you should expect that we're going to go out and spend $3 billion in a year. So, we've said that timing of capital spend isn't necessarily calendar year spending. And so, some years, it might be less than $2 billion as it was this year and some years, it's going to be a little bit more than $2 billion. But, the target range for us remains in that $2 billion to $2.5 billion range, and I think, it will stay in this $2 billion range through 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Prashant Rao with Citi.
Prashant Rao: I just wanted to follow-up on the RD market and its evolution, particularly outside of BTC, outside of the 4 RINs, which I expect other people are going to ask about. But, I'm curious about the LCFS market in California and some of the other provincial and regional opportunities that we've talked about. I wanted to get your thoughts specifically in California. It seems like there's a lot competing sources of capital. This pandemic has progressed capital towards sort of emerging energy. And while they're small now, there is a possibility for a little bit more electrification, more renewable gas, the other competing sources for that credit, or for diesel substitutes in California. I was just wondering, given the supply coming on line with Port Arthur and your longer term plans, how do you see that playing out in California? Is it fair to say that by the time DGD 3 is up on line, there might be a more meaningful opportunity outside of the California LCFS? And, how do you see the pace of that over the next few years? The other part of that also being, do you expect that California could reduce -- they could increase the emissions reduction target, which would just move the goalpost and create a greater opportunity? So, there is a lot of pieces moving there, but the market's changed quite a bit since we were talking about this pre-COVID. So, I just wanted to get an update on how you see those moving parts playing out?
Martin Parrish: Sure. Prashant, this is Martin. On California, obviously, the market’s been pretty stable as far as the carbon price the last few years. And then, the renewable diesel is the largest carbon generator. You step outside California, I'll answer that part first. What we expect to happen in the next few years is the clean fuel standard to be in place in Canada by the end of 2022. That will bring incremental demand in 2023. We've also got legislation in New York State and Washington State for LCFS programs. We think those states will implement an LCFS over the next few years. Timing of that is hard or impossible to predict, but we expect that's going to happen. Today, we sell to California, but we also sell to Canada and Europe. So, I mean, you're right. There's some electricity penetration, there's renewable natural gas, but still renewable diesel is the largest carbon credit generator. We don't expect that to change in the foreseeable future. And as far as the trucking, that's going to continue. Renewable diesel obviously is huge in that. California, if you look at their projections, they're heading for 2030, their internal projections are like a 40% blend rate for renewable diesel. We honestly think it might even be higher than that. So, there's really -- there's no blend wall. There's nothing to stop this. So, we're optimistic about demand in California, and we're optimistic about demand in other parts of the globe.
Prashant Rao: And then, just a follow-up on that. Recently, we've been hearing in the headlines, there's been some in the financial community who talk about, who have been saying advocating for a need for a higher carbon price in order to incentivize the move to emissions reduction. And obviously, California has had a higher per ton price than other parts of the developed world. But, do you think that -- is it too early to say that there is some maybe -- that gives the $200 per ton carbon price in California, a little bit more legs to be sustainable as the rest of the world is going to come up, or do you see sort of the meeting in the middle? How do you see that evolving, given where the narrative and where the discussion is right now?
Martin Parrish: Yes. I'd say, first thing, you have to be a little careful looking at the absolute price because it depends on whether it's a low-carbon fuel standard or a carbon tax, you get to a lot different carbon prices in those different regimes. But I think with California, they've obviously signaled, they're okay with $200, and they're okay with that escalated by the CPI each year. If things happen where that price started going down, I would expect California to move the goalpost and make it harder. We're looking at a carbon reduction at 20% by 2030 now. But, if you start having the carbon price go down, a lot of credits, I think, they're going to move the goalposts, because that's the objective, right?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse.
Manav Gupta: In the energy industry, what you generally see is projects getting delayed by 6 months or 12 months, you're doing something unique, DGD is starting up 6 months before expectations. Just trying to understand from the perspective of engineering, feedstock securement, how are you able to achieve a start-up before time, in this case?
Lane Riggs: Manav, this is Lane. So, we obviously are very, very focused on this project, and we did accelerate because if you look at our spend, we spent more than we actually budgeted to try to keep -- to try to -- as we are executing that project to find every step we can optimize and accelerate the schedule and not do so by accelerating the cost of the project either. So, as you've mentioned, we are -- we have worked it really, really hard because it is such a good project, and it is a big cash flow generator for us. So, it's really we have expertise in terms of project execution, we understand. And Diamond 3 is essentially a duplicate of Diamond 2 and with a few revisions here and there, but it's largely -- so we've been able to accelerate that project as well. And we just -- because of our focus, we put our best people on making sure that project moves along as fast as it can.
Manav Gupta: A quick follow-up here is, obviously, wind prices have moved up. I'm trying to understand how the start-up of DGD 2 and then following up DGD 3 actually cut your RVO obligation, which would give us some idea what the RVO obligation is right now? And then, how much lower does it go once both the DGD phases are on line?
Joe Gorder: Sorry. We're looking, Manav, to see if Martin or Gary...
Martin Parrish: I think, what you have to think about there, Manav, is you've got the obligation but you've got a lot of factors right now. And RIN prices right now are probably more influenced by the SRE and the Supreme Court and what the EPA is going to do. And I don't know that it's really so much about the fundamentals as uncertainty at this point. [Multiple Speakers]
Joe Gorder: That's right. Yes. So, it doesn't change our renewable volume obligation at all. And I agree with Martin, the uncertainty around SREs and just what will happen on the Biden administration is really what's causing the RINs prices to surge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Theresa Chen with Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the renewable diesel side. So, in terms of feedstocks, in a quarter where feedstock costs seem to have risen sharply and with planned maintenance at the facility, your capture was still very high. Can you talk about how you were able to achieve that? Is that sustainable? If there were any onetime factors that might have benefited the quarter? And going forward, as you think over the long-term about feedstock costs, just given the onslaught of projects that are under development, but to Manav's point now, even if not all of them will meet the time frame and capacity as originally planned, the absolute supply of renewable diesel will likely increase and thus increasing competition for feedstocks. And as such, do you see a shift in the type of feedstocks versus what you're currently using?
Martin Parrish: Okay. Sure. Soybean oil was up 17% in fourth quarter versus third quarter. But as you noted, our EBITDA per gallon margins were flat quarter-on-quarter. If you look back in the past three years on renewable diesel, we've experienced wide swings and feedstock costs, RINs enterprises, D4 RINs, ULSD prices obviously a huge swing there. However, our annual margins have been very consistent, ranging from $2.19 a gallon in 2018 as a low to a high of $2.37 a gallon in 2020. So, you can see that the earnings power is there and consistent kind of regardless. And that's because the market works to compensate, PAT prices go up, the RIN goes up anyway. So, it all kind of works in concert there. So, long-term, on the next foreseeable future, let's say, we're not concerned with sourcing feedstocks. We believe our margin history is a good indicator of what to expect over time. Any one quarter can be plus or minus, but over time, we feel good about this margin indicator. Then, if you look to what happened with the soybean price, well, soybean price is driven by global supply and demand of veg oils. Palm oil prices were first to move up because production growth slowed in Indonesia and Malaysia, due to a drought and COVID-19, lack of labor to harvest the palm. Now, you've got soybean production is pretty tight this year. So, I worry about a lower crop down in Brazil. Soybean oil production is going to be impacted. You've got the kind of the whole ag commodity index moving up, so that's moving up soybean oil too. And then finally, veg oil pricing was low as compared to ULSD in 2018 and 2019. So, we expected some upward movement relative to ULSD. In response to this, more vegetable oil be produced in response to higher prices. And we don't see a long-term sustainable shift in vegetable oil pricing relative to low sulfur diesel.
Theresa Chen: Thank you. And on the broader topic of energy transition, since the Biden Administration took office and made a series of very aggressive climate-related policy announcements, can you talk about how this plays out -- how you think this plays out for the industry in general from the perspective of CAFE standards, emissions, EV penetration, renewable fuels, et cetera? And particularly what you think the next step will be?
Joe Gorder: Yes, sure. And we'll tag team this. I mean, Rich Walsh can cover kind of the policy side of this. But I mean, we have seen -- and we've seen it for some time now, the headlines are all focused on EVS, right? And everyone takes that into consideration when they're looking at the long-term outlook for oil demand going forward. And we just need to continue to look at the facts and keep it in perspective. EV sales last year made up slightly less than 2% of domestic car sales, just around 4% globally. And, I think if you look forward to developing countries, their focus is a whole lot less on climate change and EVs than it is in feeding their people and providing safe and affordable housing for them. So, there's a lot going on politically, but the reality is that cleaner fuels are going to be part of the future, EVs will be part of the future. But, it's far from -- that internal combustion engine is far from being extinct. And so, that's one thing that we have to all keep in mind I think as we go forward. We're still selling a tremendous amount of internal combustion engines that are more efficient. And our industry has done a fine job of working projects and adjusting operations to reduce the carbon intensity of the products that we're producing. And frankly, Valero, as you know, is doing a lot of that with the renewable diesel projects that we've undertaken. We're also doing it with carbon sequestration around our ethanol business. We're looking at hydrogen and so on. So anyway, there's a lot going on here. And I think, we'll continue to see overall the carbon intensity of traditional fuels, liquid fuels go down. And honestly, you can tell from our IR deck that already we're very competitive from a renewable diesel perspective with an EV. And I think, you'll see that continue to increase. So, I'll stop there. Rich, on the policy side?
Rich Walsh: Yes. I mean Joe's right. I mean, of course, you see a lot of headlines on it. I mean, yesterday, they came out with an announcement on moving the federal fleet to EVs. But, we point out, that's very similar to the order that -- the executive order Obama issued in 2015, mandating that half of the fleet become EVs. And we didn't see a lot of movement in the federal fleet to EVs under that order. And it's a lot more difficult than you think to do that. The other thing that I would really like to emphasize is, our renewable diesel can drop in today, and on a life cycle basis outperforms an equivalent diesel electric truck. So, we can help the administration address this climate issue straight away, is order did call for clean and zero-emission vehicles, and ours are certainly clean. The other thing I'd point out, even in that order, you have to read the fine print, it requires that it'd be made in America and meet the federal procurement standards. And I'm not sure there is a lot of electric vehicles that can meet those requirements, but our renewable diesel is 100% American made, and it's ready to go now. So, we actually think that a lot of this will be -- in the end, the economics are overwhelming for our products. And they're ready to go now. So, we think we can work with the administration. We think there is going to be demand and policy drivers for lower carbon jewels, but we think that's a good thing for us, so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And Joe, Happy New Year. I think, it's the first time you've spoken this year. Well, when I heard Doug and repositioning earlier, I thought I was looking over much over thinking someone hadn't told me something, but you may be a little nervous [Multiple Speakers]. But anyway, we've passed our congrats along to Doug. He is the oldest analyst in the sector, so I'm not sure I'm grateful for that, but so will be, anyway. So guys, two questions, please. I actually just want to start with a quick housekeeping question. Homer mentioned the $1 billion cash tax refund, not immaterial obviously. I just wanted to double check. Is that a one-off, or are there any other retrospective cash tax losses you can bring forward?
Mark Schmeltekopf: Doug, this is Mark Schmeltekopf, that is a one-off item. Obviously, it relates to our 2020 tax NOL that's being carried back to 2015, and that's the only significant item of that.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I just wanted to double check. Thank you. My follow-up, Joe, is probably a little bit more -- I guess, it's a more high level. You've talked a lot about EVS. I love that slide in your latest deck about the math. I'm just curious, the carbon sequestration on your ethanol business, where does that sit on the potential carbon capture on the refining business? Is that something you're pursuing, will pursue? Is it part of the discussion? I'm just curious as to how you address what your next steps are and what's already been some fairly significant moves to register carbon footprint of your fuels? Just what should we expect from the level next in that regard?
Lane Riggs: Doug, this is Lane. I'll take a shot at that. So, the reason we choose some of these projects like the ethanol plants, it has to do with the gas that's coming off that plant is largely carbon dioxide. So, it’s -- we're not having to further treat it before we find a way to sequester. So, we're trying to understand that, how that works, try to understand the technology and not certainly all the policy and all the other sort of the regulatory regime is going to be around carbon sequestration. So, it's a good place for us to really start and develop projects. The other way that we can do this is with our blue and green hydrogen. We're gating projects in that. That will also affect the carbon intensity of our transportation fuels. Some of which we've done, smaller ones, but we are certainly gating some larger ones that will make our transportation fuels. Depending on what market we can target them in, we'll obviously be helped with the overall -- our competitiveness from a carbon intensity perspective will help us. So, those are all -- those are the things that we're looking at. But I think, again, we're trying to hit -- from a carbon sequestration perspective, we're trying to hit the streams that we see that are lower in carbon dioxide on that gas and maybe just something that's been combusted, it has a lot of other stuff in like basically nitrogen and some other things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess, two questions. I want to follow up on your introductory comments, Joe. And the second one is a follow-up to some of the questions Theresa was asking about renewable diesel feedstock. So, the first one on the global capacity kind of expectation of future shutdowns, just curious how you see that unfolding, maybe where you see that unfolding, any particular trigger points? And then, on the renewable diesel feedstock, specific to your Phase 2 and your Phase 3 plans here that will roll out in '21 and '23 -- or into '21 and then in '23, how comfortable you are in terms of your line of sight to the necessary feedstocks in terms of the geographic Gulf Coast focus you have?
Joe Gorder: Okay. So, which one of you guys want to talk about the first one, the closures?
Lane Riggs: I guess, that will be me. Roger, it's Lane. So, we talked about this a little bit on some of the prior earnings calls. First, we've seen about 3 million barrels a day of refining closures. I think that we've been -- I don't know -- and I want to say pleasantly surprised but certainly surprised at the acceleration of some of these closures. Interestingly, a lot of it's occurred in the United States. I think that's a little bit of a surprise to us. But we've kind of done I would say our share or at least -- it doesn't mean that you won't have further closure potentially in the Atlantic basin on this side of the pond or maybe on the West Coast. But certainly, for now, the United States, I think about 800,000 to 900,000 barrels a day of announced closure. I think, if you look at trade flow though, where the closures, you could look for the closures going forward is primarily Europe, particularly Southern Europe. It has -- they don't really have access to an advantaged crude. They're more aggressive on -- with respect to their transition away from transportation, fossil fuel. So, I think that's where you'll see more and more -- that will be where you'll see more closures going forward.
Joe Gorder: Martin, do you want to take the second half?
Martin Parrish: Sure. On the feedstocks, Roger, right now, what we're looking at line of sight to 2023, we feel very about procuring these waste feedstocks that we need. If you look at it now, United States, as far as used cooking oil production and [indiscernible] production, they're large. U.S. is the biggest around that. And that comes with GDP per capita and plus established rendering operations and everything else. So, we feel good about that into the future. If you look, the U.S. is the place to be, the installed base of renewable diesel is still pretty small, especially the guys that are running the waste feedstock and pretreatment unit. And there's plenty of waste feedstuff just to procure. As you look farther down the road, you get past 2025 out to 2030, we expect to see quite a bit of growth in used cooking oil production and the animal [indiscernible]. And a lot of that's going to come from Asia at that point because that's where the population growth is. But historically, this waste feedstock growth has been pretty significant. And we expect that to continue. So, line of sight out to DGD 2 and 3, we don't see a problem.
Joe Gorder: Hey Roger, we just -- I wanted to compliment you on your recent piece of work on the EV expansion and oil demand that was well done, very thoughtful and well done. And I would encourage everybody, if you haven't seen it, to take a look at it.
Roger Read: I appreciate that. And sometimes when people have referred to me as a piece of work, it wasn't a compliment. So, I like that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: I have two questions, maybe this is for Joe. I mean, Lane was earlier there talking about Europe maybe more facility is going to get shut. So, how we should look at the government policy and everything and put it into plan books, and that how are we going to position on the longer term? So, that's the first question. And second question that at some point the pandemic will over, you will generate free cash again. And at that point, when we're looking at your financial strategy, you have added several billion-dollar debt through this pandemic. We assume that you're going to first trying to pay it down. But, after the pandemic, if we're looking forward, will the Company take a more conservative approach and even drive down the debt ratio much below the pre-pandemic level? Thank you.
Joe Gorder: That's good, Paul. Okay. We'll let -- I'll let Jason take the second part, and you directed the first one to me. Relative to Pembroke -- and Lane, you can chime in on this too, and Rich Walsh. But, when you look at Pembroke, it supplies domestic demands within the UK, and it also supplies Ireland and other countries. So, we do export out of Pembroke. We bring fuels to Canada when we need them out of Pembroke and so on. And so, it's one thing for politicians to come out and lay down a hard line and say that they're going to do something. But, there's human beings in that country as there are in our country who have purchased internal combustion engine vehicles, and they have an opportunity to weigh in on these issues and these decisions going forward. So, Paul, I think, we all get very concerned when we hear these things. But, if you just go back historically and look at how things play out, they don't always turn out exactly the way that we fear. Okay? It's usually never as bad as we think and never as good as we think. And I think that's certainly the case here. But, we have a clear focus on Pembroke. And Lane and his team are working on different options and different projects that are going to continue to make that a more efficient operation. So, Rich, anything you guys would add to that?
Rich Walsh: No. I mean, I think you said it really well. I mean, if you look at -- like if you just take a look at say, California, you saw when their early announcements that were very aspirational about how they were going to drive down carbon. And we'll see directionally efforts to move in this way, and you're going to see increased electrification in these countries. But, as you get closer to these deadlines, what you tend to see is that the practicalities of this start to have an effect, and then they tend to move the target and reset the goals. And so, right now, there's a big drive on this. And the cost and the consequences of it will start to play out, and it will influence the policy going forward. I think, that's the best way I can describe it.
Lane Riggs: Hi Paul, this is Lane. I'll just add one thing. When we're -- key to that trade flow and what we've always thought was more Southern Europe, that's going to be more exposed to closures, just because of where they're located in Europe and where the trade flow in crude is.
Joe Gorder: Okay. And Jason, do you want to take the financial piece?
Jason Fraser: Yes, sure. I mean, you're correct. One of our more immediate goals will be paying down some of the extra debt we've taken on during the pandemic, and as far as like our base assumption on debt-to-cap is 20%, 30% debt. But we are in a very dynamic time, right? We have energy transition going. We're growing our renewable diesel business. We're aggressively looking at other technologies. So, exactly how we end up participating in it and the capital needs of these new businesses may dictate a different structure. We're open to looking at things. And we recognize we're in a very a dynamic time, which is exciting. And so, we're not wed to that. We'll keep our minds open and see as things evolve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Maybe one quick follow-up on the renewable side. Sustainable aviation fuel is clearly going to play, I think, a large role in this mix going forward over the longer term. It's very small at this point. Can you talk a little bit about what you see as kind of the necessary steps to ramp up the sustainable aviation fuel market and how your renewable diesel facilities are positioned to be able to produce it?
Martin Parrish: Sure. This is Martin. I think, the necessary step to ramp it up is really some -- you're going to have to get some mandates to require the use of it across the globe. Right now, it's out there. Is it going to happen? Yes, we feel pretty confident it's coming, but it's a big question of when. The modifications required at a plant that's producing renewable diesel to produce a sustainable aviation fuel, they're significant, but they aren't huge. So, we could pivot there when we need to pivot there. We'll obviously keep paying close attention to that and doing engineering on options. But, it's really about getting some mandated volume out there.
Ryan Todd: And then, maybe just one -- I mean, you touched on parts of this earlier, but maybe just an overall follow-up on refining capture. I mean, you talked about how headline margins have bounced here recently. It feels like capture has stayed kind of stubbornly low on the refining side for the entire industry. Can you talk to me how you see some of those trends playing out over the course of the year? It sounds like maybe you expect RIN pricing to soften up some and differentials to widen out a little bit. Any thoughts on how, and the timing of that recovery over the course of the year?
Gary Simmons: So, Ryan, this is Gary. I think, the key for us, as you know, we pride ourselves on our ability to optimize our refining system, especially on the feedstock side of the business. And with the very narrow crude quality differentials, it's been challenging to do that. So, you get to the second half of the year and more OPEC production on the market, potential easing of Venezuelan sanctions, potential easing of Iranian sanctions. All those things will allow us to do more optimization on the feedstock side. And as we do that, our capture rates would go up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley.
Benny Wong: Hey, Joe. In your prepared remarks, you highlighted your international strategy moving forward with the Veracruz terminal now started. Just curious if you can give us an update on the demand and margin outlook you're seeing in LatAm generally and maybe in Mexico specifically? I wanted to get a sense in terms of where they are in demand recovery and if there is any notable differences across regions that you're able to see?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. As Joe mentioned, we did put the Veracruz terminal on line at the end of the year. We have both, gasoline and diesel and tankage in Veracruz today. We're still doing some commissioning activity. So, we expect to have the truck rack operational in the next couple of weeks. Overall, our volumes for the quarter in Mexico were a little over 40,000 barrels a day. That's an increase of about year-over-year 145%. So, good growth in the country. However, from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we were down about 10%. The mobility data we see in Mexico is mobility was down about 20%. So, it still indicates we're continuing to gain market share, but we did see a big hit in mobility in Mexico, and we saw that reflected in our volumes. Moving forward, I mean, our -- we anticipate that the inland terminals associated with the Veracruz Marine terminal, probably come online early second quarter, one at Puebla and one in Mexico City. And that's really where you'll start to see our volumes ramp up as those inland terminals come on. Our goal is to get to about 80,000 barrels a day in that central system. The other thing that the Veracruz terminal does is it takes a lot of cost out of our supply chain. So, in addition to the ramp-up in volumes, we would also expect to see wider margins on the volume that we're selling in country.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: My question is on the operating side. Your first quarter throughputs are sort of flat quarter-over-quarter, at least in the Gulf Coast. And so, I'm just wondering, as we kind of enter this recovery phase and like you said, crack spreads are even starting to pick up a little bit here concurrently with demand. How do you balance what you see on the commercial side with your operating rates, how much you want to ramp utilization versus what your assessment is of what the market can tolerate and various sort of commodity scenarios? I'm just curious how you work through that as you think about utilization?
Lane Riggs: Hey Sam, this is Lane. I'll take a shot and maybe Gary can follow up, if there's anything. We're certainly positioned in the Gulf Coast. If recovery -- if things recover quicker, our rates could be higher, but we're trying to be -- we're obviously being very careful and trying to not get our supply line chain very extended. So, we have strategies around that, try to think about -- make sure that we don't have a lot of pricing exposure and trying to position our assets sort of in a conservative posture just to make sure that we're well-positioned going into this, but we can certainly raise rates as the -- if we see things getting better.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I would just tag on to that. I think, the key for us is looking [indiscernible] and especially if we're able to ramp up utilization and it results in higher exports, and we have good margin to do that, we feel comfortable raising utilization.
Sam Margolin: Okay. And then, one follow-up, if I might, just on an energy transition theme, and specifically EVs, there's a certain amount of petroleum products that are in EVs along with sort of other materials and processes that are associated with the energy transition. So, the question is, you guys can make anything, they might not be things you're focused on today, but you weren't necessarily focused on renewable diesel until you figured out the right way to build and structure that business. So, looking out over the horizon, maybe not over the immediately investable horizon, how do you think about the potential to kind of remix your product streams into things like specialty chemicals or other materials that are sort of more thematic, if not necessarily today, over your investment hurdles?
Lane Riggs: So Sam, I'll take it. This is Lane. We've looked quite a bit of diversifying into petrochemicals. We continue to look at it. We have a -- it's just -- it hasn't met our gating threshold. So, we would -- but we're going to continue to look at it, because obviously, it's something that we could do. It's not too far out of our wheelhouse to do. But, so far, when we do a lot of these things, we haven't found them to be better than some of our other projects. For example, renewable diesel projects, right? I mean, in a world where we're going to put money, that's -- today, that's where we put our money instead of sort of petrochemical path. It doesn't mean that we are not -- we're closed to the idea. But certainly, we like our investments in sort of this lower -- this carbon transition in terms of trying to lower the carbon intensity of transportation fuels.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time for the Q&A session. At this point, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for any additional concluding comments.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thank you. I appreciate everyone joining us. And for those that didn't get a chance to ask a question, please feel free to contact me and happy to chat with you. Please everyone stay safe and healthy, and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Once again, we thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Valero Energy Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning everyone and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investor, valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements, intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. The third quarter was another challenging period in which refining margins continue to be pressured by pandemic imposed restrictions on global economies. These restrictions have limited individual movement and in-person activities across the globe, resulting in lower demand for finished refinery products. This in turn, has created less incentive to produce crude oil and has led to narrower crude oil discounts compared to last year. Despite this challenging environment, there were a number of positive developments from the previous quarter, as product demand increased with incremental easing of restrictions on businesses, and the reopening of some schools. Relative to the second quarter, DOE statistics show the gasoline, diesel and jet demand improved by 25%, 7% and 57% respectively, which is in-line with the increase in demand, that we experienced across our system. Our wholesale volumes remain steady, moving over 50% of our total light products production. Our gasoline and distillate exports to Latin America and Europe were also robust in the third quarter. We exported 316,000 barrels per day in the third quarter, which is significantly higher than the 170,000 barrels per day we exported in the second quarter. We also saw a steady increase in our wholesale volumes into Mexico, where we have been proactively expanding our logistics network for the last several years. In fact, Valero is now one of the largest, private fuel importers into Mexico. With the incremental easing of restrictions and higher product demand, our refinery utilization increased from 74% in the second quarter to 80% in the third quarter and we increased our ethanol plant production as well from 49% to 81% of capacity. Our low-carbon renewable diesel business remains resilient, with another quarter of solid performance, realizing a margin of $2.72 per gallon and setting a record for sales volumes. In addition, we remain well capitalized. We ended the quarter with over $4 billion of cash and almost $10 billion of total available liquidity. While we expect margins to improve as economies continue to reopen and product inventories come down to normal levels, we opportunistically raised another $2.5 billion of debt at very attractive rates to ensure that we're able to keep our high return projects on track and to honor our commitment to shareholders. Even if the current low-margin environment persist for longer than currently anticipated. Turning to capital investments, we continue to execute on announced projects that are expected to drive long-term earnings growth. The St. Charles Alkylation Unit, which is designed to convert low-value feedstocks into a premium alkylate product, remains on track to be completed in the fourth quarter. The Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Pembroke Cogen project are expected to be completed in 2021 and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023. We're also evaluating a number of other low carbon growth projects that are in the development phase of our gated process. Now, we continue to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage with investments in our renewable diesel business. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion project at St. Charles, which is designed to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year to 675 million gallons per year is still expected to be completed in 2021. Diamond Green Diesel also continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review for a potential new 400 million gallons per year renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas refinery. As we look ahead, we expect to see improvement in margins, as product inventories approach the normal five year range. U.S. gasoline inventory is already in the middle of the five-year range. And although distillate inventory is higher than the five-year range, it's been trending downwards in recent weeks. Diesel demand should continue to improve, supported by winter heating oil demand and harvest season. Oil refinery turnarounds coupled with recently announced and anticipated closures or conversions of less advantage refineries, should also further balance supply. Although there is a lot of uncertainty in the market, we remain steadfast in the execution of our strategy, pursuing excellence in operations, investing in earnings growth, with lower volatility and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. Our unmatched execution, while being the lowest cost producer and ample liquidity, position us well to manage this pandemic induce low-margin environment and maintain our position of strength, as the global economy recovers. Lastly, the guiding principles underpinning our capital allocation strategy remain unchanged. There is absolutely no change in our strategy which prioritizes our investment grade ratings, sustaining investments and honoring the dividend. So with that, Homer I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks Joe. Before I provide our third quarter financial results summary, I'm pleased to inform you that we recently posted a Sustainability Accounting Standards Board or SASB Report on our website that aligns with the SASB framework for refining and marketing industry standards. As you'll see in our report, we are targeting to reduce and offset greenhouse gas emissions by 63% by 2025, through investments in Board approved projects. The targets will be achieved through absolute emissions reductions through refining efficiencies, offsets by our ethanol and renewable diesel production and global blending and credits for renewable fuels. This is consistent with our strategy as we continue to leverage our global liquid fuels platform to expand our long-term competitive advantage with investments in economic low carbon projects. And, now turning to our quarterly performance, we incurred a net loss attributable to Valero stockholders of $464 million or $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2020 compared to net income of $609 million or $1.48 per share for the third quarter of 2019. The third quarter 2020 adjusted net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $472 million or $1.16 per share compared to adjusted net income of $642 million or $1.55 per share for the third quarter of 2019. Third quarter 2020 adjusted results, primarily exclude the benefit from an after-tax lower of cost or market, or LCM, inventory valuation adjustment of approximately $250 million and an after-tax loss of $218 million for an expected LIFO liquidation. For a full reconciliation of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany the release. The refining segment reported an operating loss of $629 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to operating income of $1.1 billion in the third quarter of 2019. Excluding the LCM inventory valuation adjustment, the expected LIFO liquidation adjustment and other operating expenses, third quarter 2020 adjusted operating loss for the refining segment was $575 million. Third quarter 2020 results were impacted by narrow crude oil differentials, lower product demand and lower prices, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.5 million barrels per day, which was lower than the third quarter of 2019, due to lower product demand. Throughput capacity utilization was 80% in the third quarter of 2020. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.26 per barrel were $0.21 per barrel higher than the third quarter of 2019, primarily due to the effect of lower throughput rates. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was $184 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $65 million in the third quarter of 2019. After adjusting for the retroactive Blender's Tax Credit, adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $123 million for the third quarter of 2019. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 870,000 gallons per day in the third quarter of 2020, an increase of 232,000 gallons per day versus the third quarter of 2019, due to the effect of the planned maintenance that occurred during the third quarter of 2019. Operating income for the ethanol segment was $22 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a $43 million operating loss in the third quarter of 2019. The third quarter 2020 adjusted operating income for the ethanol segment was $36 million. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.8 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2020, which was 206,000 gallons per day lower than the third quarter of 2019. The increase in operating income from the third quarter of 2019 was primarily due to higher margins resulting from lower corn prices. For the third quarter of 2020, G&A expenses were $186 million and net interest expense was $143 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $614 million and the income tax benefit was $337 million in the third quarter of 2020. The effective tax rate was 47%, which was primarily impacted by an expected U.S. federal tax net operating loss, that will be carried back to 2015, when the U.S. federal statutory tax rate was 35%. Net cash provided by operating activities was $165 million in the third quarter of 2020. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $246 million, as well as our joint venture partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in its working capital, adjusted net cash used by operating activities was $177 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $517 million of total capital investments in the third quarter of 2020, of which $205 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance and $312 million was for growing the business. Excluding capital investments attributable to our partners, 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel and those related to other variable interest entities, capital investments attributable to Valero were $393 million. Moving to financing activities, we returned $399 million to our stockholders in the third quarter of 2020 through our dividend, resulting in a year-to-date total payout ratio of 165% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt and finance lease obligations for $15.2 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $4 billion. The debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents was 36%. At the end of September, we had $5.8 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Turning to guidance, we expect approximately $2 billion in capital investments attributable to Valero for 2020, about 60% of our capital investments is allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. We expect our annual capital investments for 2021 to be approximately $2 billion as well, and approximately 40% of our overall growth CapEx for 2020 and 2021 is allocated to expanding our renewable diesel business. For modeling, our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast, at 1.41 million to 1.46 million barrels per day, U.S. Mid-Continent at 385,000 barrels to 405,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 230,000 barrels to 250,000 barrels per day. And North Atlantic at 400,000 barrels to 420,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $4.35 per barrel. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2020, which reflects planned maintenance in October. Operating expenses in 2020 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.17 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.2 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the fourth quarter net interest expense should be about $155 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $590 million. For 2020, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $775 million, which is $50 million lower than our prior guidance. And we expect the RINs expense for the year to be between $400 million and $500 million. Lastly, as discussed on our last earnings call, due to the impact of beneficial tax provisions in the CARES Act, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, we're not providing any guidance on our effective tax rate for 2020. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Phil Gresh: Just wanted to start-off by asking a bigger picture question around how Valero thinks about capacity management? Obviously recognizing Valero is at the low-end of the cost curve. The guidance here for 4Q and the results of past few quarters, you've had utilization in low '80s roughly. So I'm just curious how philosophically you think about managing capacity, whether it's from a temporary perspective or from a permanent perspective. Just what are the decision point to think about? Or is it more just managing, say secondary units, given the situation with diesel is more challenging than gasoline are, just any thoughts you'd have would be helpful. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: All right. So, good morning Phil. This is Lane. I'll start by answering it with on a near-term, the way Valero looks out - and where we've been running our system is trying to optimize at a lower utilization nature that we have the - be very selective on the crudes we run and making sure we have the molecule where we want them. Certainly and it's a challenging time to do that. You just got to be very careful, we've seen our ability to flex our refinery yields quite a bit, that you can do a lot of that when your lower utilization we've seen move gasoline yield. So roughly 17% distillate yields up and down 10%, which is a little different than when you're full. So in the near-term, you just sort of trying to constantly optimize your operations, obviously to cash flow here. Longer-term, I've sort of spoken about this in earlier calls, when a company or Valero looks at an asset, from a deciding whether we run through or not it's largely driven by a change in trade flow which means - what I mean by that is - you see there is lots of crude advantage or something has changed its products fundamentally changes it's sort of, I would say, it's gross margin competitiveness and here is and combined with obviously a big regulatory spend or CapEx. Those are really the things that in terms of what drives I think, companies - and company like us another company it consider refinery closure. And so when you think about that criteria, where do you see that - you see that - in the U.S. it's on the West Coast, and the East Coast and you've seen companies like those decisions. And certainly, we've always felt like Europe, because you know, Europe - they're bringing all their crude oil in and they're kind of - a lot of their products have to export. And that's a tough situation, if you don't have a structural advantage on OpEx. And so that's sort of my answer on that.
Phil Gresh: The second question would just be around the third quarter results themselves. Obviously, in the prepared remarks, Joe, you talked about tighter crude differentials as a factor that drove the sequential capture rate declines, particularly in the Gulf Coast and Mid-Con. But I was just curious, are there any other say one-time factors in the quarter. I'm thinking perhaps, multiple hurricanes on the Gulf Coast as one that might have led to a more challenging performance versus what you would maybe ordinarily thought of?
Joseph Gorder: Good question, Phil. Lane will take a crack at this and then, Gary, can follow on.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So you're correct. Our Port Arthur refinery, we had to close [technical difficulty] and are really, really come back up was impeded by the utility provider got really hit hard us. So it’s regional, sort of the utility provider and they had a difficult time providing power, they did a great job recovering, but ultimately that slowed our ability to bring the refinery back up. So we had some volume, where - how we would characterize the volume variance levels for those refinery.
Gary Simmons: Yes, the only thing I'll add, as you know we provide ourselves a space in the U.S. Gulf Coast system on our ability to optimize and really well define a lot of these disadvantaged - discounted feed-stocks. And those opportunities, really just weren't there in the third quarter has certainly impacted our Gulf Coast operations.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Manav Gupta: Joe, in your prepared remarks, you had indicated that the renewable diesel margin for the quarter was about $2.72. And in the last quarter this number was $2.22. So there was almost a $0.50 increase quarter-over-quarter. And when I look at the renewable diesel margin indicator you provide every week, which is very helpful. That was indicating a $0.01 improvement. So if you could help us sort of us out a little - as to how that $0.01 in indicator margin actually translated to over $0.50 in actual capture for the renewable diesel business segment?
Joseph Gorder: Good morning Manav. Listen I'll let Mark can a crack on that one.
Mark Schmeltekopf: So in the indicator margin as you know, as he says the gross margin, but it is a proxy for feedstock, we will use the soybean oil price and we're obviously not paying soybean oil price for feedstocks for our waste feedstocks. So that fluctuates quite a bit Manav. So that's the biggest reason, is the actual feedstock versus a soybean oil.
Manav Gupta: Okay. And then quick follow-up is, I'm sure you have already secured the feedstocks for the St. Charles expansion. But again, there are a number of announcements out there. So are you in - already in the process of securing more feedstock for Port Arthur, if you could help us out there, a little?
Joseph Gorder: Well, I think the backup, there is a lot of announcements out there and time will tell. If you look back historically, there's always been a lot of announcements and the announcements came and the projects never came, will it be different this time. It may be somewhat different. But you know, we're just confident in our ability to source waste feedstock going forward. Waste feedstock supply is tied to global GDP growth and our partnership with Darling, gives us the benefits of vertically integrated access to low cost, low carbon intensity feedstocks. We also get the benefit of Darling's experience in the global feedstock markets. Darling also helps us procure feedstocks from other people. So we just feel like we have a unique position here and that's going to allow us to maintain these superior margins versus the competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Theresa Chen: I guess a follow-up question on the renewable diesel front. And clearly the energy transition is a big theme along with ESG investing, happy to see the additional disclosures consistent with the SASB framework. Can you talk about how you view your renewable diesel position, as far as the defensibility of your projected return. How many of these projects that have been recently announced? Are you factoring in - as - once that could come to fruition. And also on the LCS prices as well. Do you see any risk there?
Martin Parrish: Sure, I'll take a stab at that. This is Martin. Obviously we keep track of all the announced projects. We also keep track of all the new policies that are coming, and what we expect to come. And it's cloudy. I mean there is nothing but cloudy, in the farther you go out, the cloud you gets. You're making projections here. But if you just again step back and look at where we're at, a lot of these projects aren't going to get bill. That's just a fact. And you've got more policies coming. So right now, you've got California, you've got rid too in Europe, the Renewable Energy Directive and then you've got British Columbia and Ontario, those are in the major markets. While in the future, Oregon's ramping up. We're going to have a nationwide clean fuel standard in Canada, Sweden, Norway, Finland, are being more aggressive, not huge demand there. But a huge percentage of renewable diesel. And you got the state of Washington, that keeps moving these steps forward, few steps back. And you've got Midwest states and Colorado, announcing policies too. And then the biggest one though is the New York, which the preliminary information they put out, has a lot of renewable diesel in the plant. So we really feel good about the demand. And then if you look at renewable diesel, just the molecule, right. It's available. It's a drop in fuel, it's low carbon intensity. There is no blend wall. So you have to think too, if you take California, they've hit the brakes a few times when - low carbon wasn't available right. They slowed down the program, if it is available. I would expect these regulators to hit the accelerator. So you know at the end of the day, all that being said, is there advantage demand of first mover. Yes, I would think so, and we're the first mover in the United States and we feel really good about our position and we feel really good about what we've laid out to do.
Theresa Chen: Understood. And Joe related to your statements about the other low carbon growth projects under development. Can you give us a flavor of what kind of projects and this could pertain to? Are you talking about additional investment in biofuels and if it hydrogen related, any color that you can share there.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So what we're really - what we're looking at right now is carbon sequestration projects largely and really trying to tie those two, the markets of - Mark was talking about. This is - where we think that we can make investments in lower our CIS of fuels and make them more competitive for these markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: So you made a pretty clear from the remarks and the press release and your remarks on the call that there is no change to the capital framework or the dividend part, I think, you said in your prepared, even if this COVID weakness goes on for longer than expected. Can you just add a little more color around that. If we see four more quarters of less than minus $1 EPS, do you still see everything is being unchanged or what point do you have to re-evaluate, how you think about. Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Brad. That's a good question. Let me give - let Jason give you some insights here and then maybe I'll follow on.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. We basically feel we're a long way from rethinking the dividend. At the end of September, we all saw - we had a little over $4 billion in cash and about $5.7 billion of liquidity available under our committed facilities. We saw positive signs in the third quarter, demand improved, export volumes picked up. So we think things are headed in the right direction. It's just a question of how fast, in course of vaccine would really accelerate things alone. Looking bigger picture this pandemic is an isolated event. And we very reluctant to revise our long-term capital allocation framework that served us well for so many years. With our cash and liquidity position and the way things appear to be headed right now, this time we just don't think adjusting the dividend something a step we're going to need to take.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, let me just add to this, I mean, there has been a lot of question out there, regarding the dividend. And I've been in this job a little over six years now. And we came out with the capital allocation framework and our approach to rewarding shareholders at that time. We have done nothing, every step of the way, but walk at top. And we've been very clear in our communications and we've demonstrated our commitment to our owners and we're going to continue to do that. I think one needs to decide when they're trying to determine who they're going to listen to and who really understands what's going on. There is going to be a management team and is demonstrated their commitment to their shareholders for six years or with somebody, who is taking a position from a basis of very little knowledge and trying to create opportunities for movement in the equity. And it certainly affects our long-term shareholders. So anyway I would, if I were you, I would encourage everybody to listen to us and listen to our messaging. And I think we've been pretty clear about at this time and I think Jason's answer was exactly right.
Brad Heffern: And then maybe for Lane or Gary. Just on the West Coast, obviously, as part of the renewable diesel discussion, we've seen a couple of closures out there. I know historically you've thought about that market is sort of being an option value market for Valero. Do you think on the other side of - all this COVID stuff that it's potentially a stronger market that's less like option value or sort of how do you see that playing out?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I would say, we're always going to manage it by being very careful what we've send out there. But we certainly, we believe ultimately the COVID will pass and gasoline and diesel demand will recover and you've changed the balances out there. So in the near term, it's an improved market for. So, while I think strategically we think we don't look at [technical difficulty] and take advantages of what - or at least in the near term, looks like a pretty good opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Prashant Rao: My first one is on the balance sheet. Jason, I wanted to ask a couple of follow-ups here. Given the inventory adjustments, the LIFO liquidation and the liquidity management, you've done. I don't want kind of wanted to focus on balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents, you need to keep on hand for working cap in the current environment. Is that lower now going forward, I know, that we used to think about, it is sort of the slightly sub $2 billion bouquet for balance sheet cash but or the needs slightly lower, does that give you a little room under the caller, as we think about managing through the next couple of quarters into the recovery?
Gary Simmons: We still target to be in that range. So - I think that's still a good assumption.
Joe Gorder: Yes, clearly I think as we go forward, I mean one of the things that we did is took advantage of the opportunity in the market today to reassess it. And as Lane spoke about earlier, the supply chain has changed. And so the working capital, the inventory volumes essentially that we need are different than they were in the past. And so we took the P&L impact this year, but we run our business to - and we try to target proper operating levels for all of our inventories. And that's what guides us, it's not so much, jeez we need to take a LIFO impact or anything like that is more what - this proper operating level for our inventories and we adjusted to that. And so we've seen some benefit from the cash side.
Prashant Rao: Okay, thank you, I'm sorry.
Joseph Gorder: No, you're good. Go ahead.
Prashant Rao: All right. Sorry, little bit static on the line here. I had another question on sort of the macro-specific on products on jet fuel. We're sort of trying to get our arms around what would happen on this with a slower jet demand recovery. What does that look like for a sort of refining margins and how does the system cope with that, if it takes a few more years to get back, let's say, in a bear case scenario the normal jet fuel demand. Can you maybe help us with some color on what that means for how you run your operations where you're sort of comfortable with jet fuel recovering to and maybe staying lower for longer, is it 70% of typical demand or 80% of typical demand. At what level, is it really not that much of a headwind, sort of - little bit of color on how to think about that and where we can think about you that stopping, pressuring distillate inventories not just in your system, but overall, globally?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. So overall, I think you could see, we have full flexibility to pretty much not yield any jet and lend all of those molecules in ULSD and where it really does, it gets overall impact our refinery utilization. So the advantage of jet demand improving is that we can start to pull those molecules out and raise utilization along with it. I think, overall, we've been very surprised that the rate recovery of the jet markets, second quarter to third quarter was up 57% increase. And so far, the fourth quarter, the airline data - 15% to 17% increase in passenger headcount, which is encouraging. You know to - also go along with that, I would say, our nominations for the airlines it's - reserving are also up. The other thing you can start to see is jet, jet is now trading at a rate adjust petrodiesel maybe ULSD. I think that's the thing, that you'd like to see in the market is generating around - adjusted petrodiesel ULSD, which allows us to pull those molecules out of the diesel fuel and you will start to see that result in higher refinery utilization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Leggate: Let me just say, Joe, first of all. I for one and I think a lot of people appreciate you being as articulate and direct as you've been about the dividend question because of too much responsible investment analysis out there. And I think, you're right, people need to listen to you guys. So I appreciate you making that statement. With that, I've got two quick questions. First one is on debt tolerance, can you just talk about, you've added some debt, obviously as last quarter. You're positioned with plenty of liquidity. But what do you see as the debt tolerance? Your bonds are trading just fine it seems. If you needed to what do you think about the balance sheet here.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, I mean, you're right. The bonds are trading well. We've got a lot of cash given the steps we've taken, we still have our $5.7 billion of untapped liquidity, which we could rely on is, if we needed to - we don't expect the need more liquidity and I'm sure we could. There are other things we could do if we needed to. We feel like we're in a pretty good spot.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I think, Joe lot of the business, Jason mentioned earlier, I think that you finance the business, when it's attractive to do that and there is no sense of adding any degree of risk to - for the operation. And so just it's debt. I was very impressed with the rates we got, the demand was very high for the offerings and we remain committed to the investment grade rating. No question about it. But we think, there is room if we needed to do something else. There is room to do more, we don't anticipate that we're going to need to do more, but we certainly believe we could, if we needed to, we do great. Yes, So, - answers that question, Doug?
Doug Leggate: Yes, it does. Thank you. And my follow-up is really more of a housekeeping issue, maybe I missed some subtlety in prior calls, I don't know. But in your last presentation, you still have the non-discretionary spending at our - run about $1.5 billion. Your guidance today says a couple of billion 2021 and the sustaining capital is 60% and that's obviously $1.2 billion. Is that just a low point? Is it sustainable at that level or is something changed, that has reset your sustaining capital. And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Doug. Sorry, Doug, This is Lane. So it's that - that's on the lower side and when we talk about our spend or sustaining Capital. We're really talking about, is over three or four-year cycle. That's roughly the average that we feel like we need to spin. We have heavy turnaround years and lighter turnaround years. So you have to remember in that $1.5 billion is - our turnaround activity. So that's - I'll leave it with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Sankey Research. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Sankey: Doug, kind of hit on what I wanted to hits on. So because the question really being the extent to which CapEx is flexible, I think you answered very well. Separately, could you talk about, just give us the latest update and I know it's a difficult question on the election and what do you think the top risks that you faced from the potential outcomes hopefully abide and when, what are the biggest concerns and do you think overblown concerns about a potential for example democrats suit. Thank you.
Rich Lashway: So, this is Rich. I'll talk a step trying to answer this. I mean, I think, if you look at this, we have a Democratic win directionally, they're going to, they're probably going to want to look at higher taxes and probably more regulation. But regardless of who win, you're coming out of the pandemic here. So you've got a first priority, which is high unemployment rate, you need to stimulate the economy, the focus is going to be on those kinds of things and it's really hard to layer on a whole bunch of policies that with some other an effort to recover. So I think. I think what you going to see is a lot of campaign rhetoric right now. And then you're going to see a lot of that have to run into the wall of reality once they get through the election. The other part of it is, if you just look at Biden and his history. He is not you know, one of these real ideologically driven individuals. He saw a long history of being supportive of manufacturing and supportive of union jobs and those facilities. And so he spoken positively also about the renewable industry. So we - because you'll be supportive in that area as well. So we - it's never, it's never as bad as I say, it's going to be in and it's never as good as I say is going to be. And so I think there's a lot of institutional and structural reasons why these changes will not be as good coming in and some people think. And so we feel pretty good. We think there is going to be demand recovery here, as we go through the economy. And we don't think that the administration we are doing anything that's going to really materially alter that.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, the one thing I think that we see Paul is - there is a kind of stimulus package following the election. It doesn't matter which part you get selected is Rich referred to. They're going to have to get the economy rolling. And so I would say it is rolling off, but there is. Our view is there is going to be some kind of stimulus package. And any type of stimulus package. Just going to trigger greater demand for products that we produce. And so we're - all over watching it carefully and we'll - we are well positioned and organized company to deal with whatever comes, I think, we're not as pessimistic as many are about the potential outcome for a change of administration.
Paul Sankey: Great, thanks. And I'd like the wall of reality comfort. Thank you. The follow-up.
Joseph Gorder: That's what we try to live Paul.
Paul Sankey: Joe, the follow-up is, there's a lot to talk about further to stimulus about bailout for airlines sort of stuff. Can you just remind us how to what extent you've been helped out by federal government programs if any. Thank you.
Jason Fraser: What I'm trying to think, I mean,
Jason Fraser: Yes, I mean, I think there are substantial efforts here to pop-up the airlines and provide them with protections and we think any of the bills that are coming through, you're likely to see more support for the airline industry and obviously supporting them helps reinforce the demand for jet. So I think, that's where we would think we would benefit from that. I think that…
Paul Sankey: So obviously your response implies that Valero has not received much?
Joseph Gorder: No, no.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I just wanted to clarify that. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Roger Read: Lot of the stuff has been hit. I guess maybe if we could go back and address a little bit kind of the issue with the way the industry is losing money hand over fist at the current environment. And that's likely to continue at least a little bit longer. What do you see, even if you don't want to name any particular company or particular unit that would be at risk. I know, you've talked about the regions. But what are the kind of things that we should pay attention to you from the outside that would indicate someone that made the decision to shut a unit, if not absolutely permanently at least for the foreseeable future. I mean, everybody is losing cash. But is it a crude supply changes, it is a demand concern, is it, I think, the high maintenance costs in the very near term then cited previous times. Just anything else I suppose that questions for you Lane but whoever wants to jump in there.
Lane Riggs: Now, after the practice of losing money hand over - I kind of spoke earlier about the change in trade flow. And what I really mean by that is, you can really see that in some of those place or maybe product demand is falling. And they don't have a crude advantage. So that's obviously a part of it. I think. - and then I have talk about regulatory spend. The other spend they can have is [technical difficulty] a large turnaround like I don't want to say, it probably it's like an FCC sort of base turnaround, where you have the FCC and those end up very large. And that - well, that might be of companies that maybe have stretched balance sheet or are struggling and you had layer on of these other issues and based on their location that might factor into some of the companies, thinking about whether they either just sort of shut part of a refinery down or maybe consider something [technical difficulty].
Roger Read: Yes, certainly going to be sort of an interesting - will continue to be interesting. I guess one on last questions, and so much of it has been on the negative front, lot of stress in the system. A lot of questions about longer-term viability of fuel demand. But if you were believing in the long-term success of refining, are there or would you expect any interesting opportunities to come along, particularly in the areas that you already operate in where you could, really get some synergies built in there. So kind of the M&A wish list question, so to speak.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, let me just start and then we'll see Rich wants to add anything to this. But certainly, we do believe in the long-term viability of refining. I mean, it is totally impractical to think that we would live in a world over, certainly I would guess my lifetime. Because I know this is more than the couple of years, we’re losing money hand over fit. In my lifetime where we're going to be able to displace fuels, motor fuels, liquid fuels that are produced from fossil fuels. I mean it's just, it is part of what is necessary to makes the world function that we live it. And so anyway, we are believers in the long-term viability of refining. Cleaner fuels will be a part of it. We're obviously making investments to take care of that. But we do believe that our refining business is going to continue to be strong and successful going forward. So, Rich, anything on the M&A front.
Rich Lashway: No there's really, nothing to say other than it's hard to justify any kind of an acquisition given that we're preserving cash, and we've got a queue of good organic projects that we've kind of can push back. So in - we're not buying back shares. So in this environment, it's really difficult to see any kind of M&A activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Cheng: Two question one. It is for Jason, and I think that we're strict forward. One maybe longer term. For Jason, have you received any cash tax refund, given your loss, and if you are - what is your expectation that - what percentage of - if the tax loss, reported tax loss in the next 12 months to 18 months and what percentage you would be able to receive as cash tax refund. The second, should I also tell you guys, my second question or should I wait until Jason answer that first?
Joseph Gorder: Paul do you mind repeating the question real quick. It is tough to hear you.
Paul Cheng: The first question is on the cash tax refund. You guys receiving any given the tax law and you have tax loss carry-forward, maybe back into 2015, when you are making money. And if you are receiving cash tax refund from the government. Over the next 12 months, let's assume if you're still reporting loss, what percentage of that tax benefit would we actually we see it as a cash tax refund.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. So the first part of it is NOL right - was the value of NOL to…
Lane Riggs: We expect to get it in second quarter. We expect to receive cash related to the refund.
Paul Cheng: Jason you said, always that the second quarter for the previous year.
Jason Fraser: Yes, yes.
Paul Cheng: So - so in other words that 2021, if you have a loss those cash tax refund, we will receive in 2022. Any idea on the 100% dollar to dollar, or that is a percentage.
Jason Fraser: No, to be clear. And this is Mark. The tax loss that we're incurring, this year - we received the tax refund in April of next year. So that has nothing to do with what our results might be in 2021.
Paul Cheng: I understand, I understand. So I'm saying that we - if you have your - in your book, if you report your tax and let's say for this year, argument they did, $300 million. If the entire $300 million you expect to receive that cash or that is only a portion of that?
Mark Schmeltekopf: Well, I'm not sure I really totally understand your question. But if you look at the effective tax rate that we're running that would probably give you a good idea of what the refund would be next year.
Paul Cheng: My second question is that Joe and Lane, if we look at the regulatory environment in Europe and in California, in both areas that the government is trying to detect their current law, saying that they will ban the sale of the hydrocarbon or to the gasoline or even diesel hydrocarbon base vehicle by 2035 or so. How that impacts your outlook on your game plan for the facilities in those areas. And - also that on long that way. Some of your bigger customers has been talking about energy transition plan. Do you think that is something for level need to have a plan.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. So we'll take the first part first, you want to go.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I'll take the first part. So it's obviously still early, trade flows on regulatory environment, can drive some - how you think about assets, I think, the one thing I would [technical difficulty] government's intensions and plans and targets, we live in the aspirational world as the tendency to put. And lot of markets that are trying to do that or regulators that are trying to do to - their tenancies to put a goal out there, but the feasibility of the goals has a tenancy to push the goal out. I don't necessarily think that either California or the U.K. or Europe, you're going to have zero fossil fuels, gasoline transportation going for. Now with that said, there is what they're trying to do. And so ultimately, as I said earlier, what are we doing in West Coast, what are - number of very, very careful in the CapEx that we - how we run and we're very careful and trying to manage the cost of those refineries, whether it's through our regime, cost or current [technical difficulty] very careful.
Joseph Gorder: And you know, Paul, on the question of the future and positioning the company strategically for the future. We continue to work on that. And obviously, I think we've been a leader on several fronts. We were early to get into the ethanol business. Now we're looking at ways to lower the carbon footprint of the ethanol that we produce in - on market that into the market seeking, and rewarding lower carbon fuels. And the renewable diesel business is another example of that. We will continue to evolve the portfolio based on what the market is calling for and using the strong refining base that we've got, is a basis for the cash flow to do this kind of transition. But you know, and we can, I think we put out our documents now, what our targets are for further reductions over the - which now 2025 with already - projects are already approved by the Board. So we're clearly working this direction. We don't have our heads buried in sand on that front by any stretch. And will position Valero to be very successful for a very long time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy. Please proceed with your question.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a follow-up on some of the conversations from earlier on the renewable diesel side. You talked about some of the advantages, obviously that the Darling partnership fossil on the feedstock side. Can you say - as you think about your expansions of the one coming in 2021, the possible one for 2024. Can you talk a little bit more about how you see those, being positioned on things like how do you compare transport cost in terms of transporting - product to California versus operational cost of running a plant like that in Louisiana or Texas as opposed to California. How do the relative economics, do you see those in terms of competitive positioning.
Martin Parrish: Sure, this is Martin. Well, we would just flat I would say, we feel like to get Gulf Coast is the best place to be. It's lower capital cost to build, it's lower operating cost. And then also when you think about just the logistics, the rail infrastructure getting into the Gulf Coast from wireless, you've going to source of feedstocks as great. And then the logistics getting out. We don't know, where the highest-priced market is going to be in the future and it's going to move. So whether we're going to California, Canada, Europe somewhere else. We just - the Gulf Coast is just have to be. We've been at the seven years now and what we always try to do is to build the advantaged, low OpEx and high flexibility plants. And what we've learned is that you need to co-locate with the large operating refinery. It needs to be an operating refinery and by doing that reduce this cost. And again I can't stress the logistics enough that we just have a huge advantage there and we intend to keep that. But been in the Gulf Coast.
Ryan Todd: And then maybe just a follow-up on the macro side on refining. I mean, third quarter differentials, where a large headwind. I mean, even more so on the spend in the second quarter. And particularly, sweat and sour differentials have been tough. I mean, is there a scenario on which the outlook for sweet tower or crude differentials in general improve meaningfully, without a meaningful recovery in oil demand or absolute prices from here. How do you think about just if you look forward over the next six months to 12 months.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. Certainly, we saw very, very narrow crude quality differentials in third quarter. Some of that - lot of balancing in the market came from those production. We got some of that production back in August. Additionally, they had the storms that affected the Gulf of Mexico, leads our production. So getting some of that production online is held. And so you've seen the ASCI differential, kind of move out a little bit wider so far. You - in fourth quarter Amaya's tended to follow it. But we believe, you know, it really needs to have that - is as global continues to improve a greater percentage of that will be incrementally build from OPEC production sour barrels. And so you will have more of a gradual recovery in all the differentials it go along with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Gabelman: So I wanted to ask about the investment grade rating and kind of the metrics that are critical for determining that - the cap is over 30%. So I'm assuming that's now what's really driving the conversation between Valero and the credit rating companies. So when we're trying to assess kind of your targets for the balance sheet, what are the right credit metrics to kind of look at outside of that the cap?
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I can talk a little bit about that. As you know, our investment grade ratings are key top priority for us and we've discussed this with the rating agencies. We have excellent liquidity, which is really whether most key factors for them. They also right through the cycle for the long term, right. They're not just like the next 6-months and 12-months. And need to clearly recognize our strengths. Longer term if you read their reports, talk about our excellent facility, top operators. So I don't think there is any concerns on their part with us being investment grade. It also, the way we structured our debt. You will notice that at least our most recent offering, the big one was biased towards the shorter term. And we did that intentionally, we have a lot of maturities in '23, '24, '25, '27 and we have the ability to call the $575 million tranche through your floaters as early as next fall. We did have to give us the flexibility to deleverage more quickly, in all circumstances right. And the ratios we looked at, they looked at each agency looks at all the ratios, but they have their own ones or ones if they are highlight the most are versions of debt-to-EBITDA and retained cash flow. And those type of things and then net cash flow. I mean, net debt to cap. But they look at kind of the same things but we don't think we're at all at risk for investment-grade rating. And we did get put on negative outlook, when we did this last offering rating. And I could tell you a little bit at least about what, the way I think they were thinking about that. So each of them does our own analysis and has their own separate view. But really think that outlook change was mainly driven by the change in expectations for the timing of the recovery versus the assumptions that were made, when they last looked at us back in April. The deal in April was, if this would be a one to two quarter event with pretty full earnings recovery in the fourth quarter. That's what we were looking at. I think that was their view too. But there - that was before the summer infection spikes hit and things clearly going to take more than getting back to absolute normal in the fourth quarter. And we really think that view - that there is going to be delayed recovery, along with our new debt which will then will all lead to a longer period with elevated credit ratios. And that's really what the negative outlook reflects. They look out the next 12 months and are you going to have a higher ratios and what they like new regular baseline. And the answer is yes. And that is true. But it would - doesn't affect their view of us as an investment grade credit longer term.
Jason Gabelman: Great. That's really clear. So they're thinking about or recovery when they're assessing the rating in 2022-ish?
Jason Fraser: Yes. That's right. I think, I can't remember exactly they stated in their reports. What I was thinking second half of next year. And they admit that they think Valero's thinks is going to happen more quickly and all the - what I don't think was as clear. But I think the next 12 to 18 months, generally.
Jason Gabelman: Okay, great. And then I want to ask a follow-up on Lane's comment on carbon sequestration, which I think you mentioned was one of the low carbon investment opportunities. What's the economic case for that is that driven by the U.S. tax credits offered or is there something else driving the potential to generate returns from investing in that. And then on the topic, I'm surprised that hydrogen was I mentioned just given that there is a lot of interest globally in investing in the hydrogen value chain and refineries produce a lot of hydrogen already. So just wondering, any thoughts on that. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So I'll add to that - I'm sure some other people might want to well. So when we're looking at these projects - our first filter our first where we think about from developing them. It does improve our carbon intensity as Philadelphia at those market that's where we see the higher value per [technical difficulty] and we can get the biggest bang for our buck. And then we for a stress test, with the U.S. tax credit and trying to understand what that looks like as well. So that's how are developing and looking at these types of projects. On the hydrogen, we're just - we're starting to look at some of those things. Again, we're looking at in the context of some of our existing hydrogen plants and their technology and we have the ability to obviously get the carbon dioxide out of those streams to lower their intensity, not so almost trying to make hydrogen for fuel cells.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. There's a lot of things like that - that you take a look at. But at the end of the day, the economics just don't work and like the 45 tax credit. It is a key one, when you looking at the sequestration going forward, where day looks like you can or return on some of these projects into it LCFS market, as Lane said borrowing that a lot of these projects just don't have economics. And so that's why it's interesting to talk about it. It's like the topic du jour but is there - are these feasible enough that's one of things if we look at. And we're certainly not fair to announce that these step that direction is disappoint.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. So I'd like to pass the floor back over to Mr. Bhullar for any additional closing comments.
Homer Bhullar: Great, thank you and thank you everyone for joining us. Appreciate everyone's questions. Unfortunately, we're out of time. So if you have follow-up questions feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. We thank you for your participation and you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Valero Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team.  If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call.  I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. This year has been challenging in many aspects. The COVID-19 pandemic and the ensuing global economic downturn has affected the health and livelihoods of so many people and has had a severe impact on all businesses, including ours. As troubling as our circumstances may be from time to time, it's gratifying to see individuals stepping up, selflessly helping those in need whether it be by providing health care to those that are sick or food to those that are hungry. In this regard, our team is doing its part.  As you probably know, Valero's part of the country's critical infrastructure. As such, our team continues to operate our plants, providing the fuel that our country needs to keep critical supplies and first responders moving. I'm proud that we have not laid off, furloughed or reduced the compensation of any of our 10,000 dedicated employees who continue to give generously, volunteering their time and working courageously and tirelessly through this difficult period.  Our employees are our greatest asset and the heart of our company. Their health, safety and well-being remain among our top priorities. And we'll continue to take the steps necessary to keep them safe whether they work in the field or at our headquarters.  In response to the COVID-19 pandemic-imposed shutdown, we had to make important operational and financial decisions. When the stay-at-home orders were first issued, we reduced our refinery and ethanol plant throughput rates to match product supply with demand. We saw demand in April bottom out at 50% of normal demand for gasoline, 70% for diesel and 30% for jet fuel relative to the same period last year.  As the stay-at-home orders and travel restrictions eased through most regions of the U.S. during the second quarter, we saw gasoline and diesel demand recover to 85% to 90% of normal, and jet fuel recovered to 50% of normal. We also saw a recovery in product exports to Latin America and Europe in June. As a result, we prudently increased refining and ethanol throughput rates in step with the increase in product demand.  We also took prudent actions to maintain our financial strength. We lowered our 2020 capital budget by $400 million; raised $1.5 billion of debt at attractive rates; secured an additional credit facility, which remains undrawn; and temporarily suspended the stock buyback program beginning in mid-March this year. And through all of this, we've honored our commitment to capital discipline and maintained our dividend as demonstrated by our Board of Directors approving a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share earlier this month.  Notwithstanding project deferrals this year, we continue to invest for earnings growth and are making progress on strategic projects under development. The St. Charles Alkylation Unit, which is designed to convert low-value feedstocks into a premium alkylate product, is on track to be completed in the fourth quarter of this year. The Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Pembroke Cogen project are expected to be completed in 2021, and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023.  And we remain committed to the expansion of our low-carbon renewable diesel business. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion project is expected to be completed in 2021. This project is expected to increase annual renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year, bringing the total capacity to 675 million gallons per year. In addition, the Diamond Green Diesel continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review for a potential new 400 million gallons per year renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility.  As we focus on the path to recovery with improving product demand, we remain steadfast in the execution of our strategy, pursuing excellence in our operations, investing for earnings growth with lower volatility and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. We continue to prioritize our investment-grade credit rating and nondiscretionary uses of capital, including sustaining capital expenditures and our dividend. This uncompromising focus on capital discipline and execution has served us well in the current pandemic-imposed downturn, and it should continue to position Valero well through the recovery and beyond.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the second quarter of 2020, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.3 billion or $3.07 per share compared to net income of $612 million or $1.47 per share for the second quarter of 2019.  Second quarter 2020 adjusted net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $504 million or $1.25 per share compared to adjusted net income of $665 million or $1.60 per share for the second quarter of 2019. Second quarter 2020 adjusted results exclude the benefit from an after-tax lower of cost or market or LCM inventory valuation adjustment of approximately $1.8 billion.  For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany the release. Operating income for the refining segment was $1.8 billion in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $1 billion in the second quarter of 2019. Excluding the LCM inventory valuation adjustment, the second quarter 2020 adjusted operating loss for the refining segment was $383 million.  Second quarter 2020 results were impacted by lower product demand and lower prices as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.3 million barrels per day, which was lower than the second quarter of 2019 due to lower product demand.  Throughput capacity utilization was 74% in second quarter of 2020. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.39 per barrel were $0.59 per barrel higher than the second quarter of 2019 primarily due to the effect of lower throughput rates. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was $129 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $77 million in the second quarter of 2019. After adjusting for the retroactive Blender's Tax Credit, adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $145 million for the second quarter of 2019.  Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 795,000 gallons per day in the second quarter of 2020, an increase of 26,000 gallons per day versus the second quarter of 2019. Operating income for the ethanol segment was $91 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $7 million in the second quarter of 2019. Excluding the benefit from the LCM inventory valuation adjustment, the second quarter 2020 adjusted operating loss for the ethanol segment was $20 million.  Ethanol production volumes averaged 2.3 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2020, which is 2.2 million gallons per day lower than the second quarter of 2019. The decrease in adjusted operating income from the second quarter of 2019 was primarily due to lower margins resulting from lower ethanol prices and lower throughput. For the second quarter of 2020, general and administrative expenses were $169 million, and net interest expense was $142 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $578 million, and the income tax expense was $339 million in the second quarter of 2020. The effective tax rate was 20%, which was affected by the results of certain of our international operations that are taxed at rates that are lower than the U.S. statutory rate.  Net cash provided by operating activities was $736 million in the second quarter of 2020. Excluding the favorable impact from the change in working capital of $629 million as well as our joint venture partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities excluding changes in its working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $38 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $503 million of capital investments in the second quarter of 2020, of which approximately $240 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance. Approximately $263 million of the total was for growing the business. Excluding our partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's capital investments, Valero's capital investments were approximately $448 million.  Moving to financing activities. We returned $400 million to our stockholders in the second quarter of 2020 through our dividend, resulting in a year-to-date total payout ratio of 96% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities.  As of June 30, we had approximately $1.4 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. And on July 16, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share, further demonstrating our sound financial position and commitment to return cash to our investors. With respect to balance sheet at quarter end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $12.7 billion, and cash and cash equivalents were $2.3 billion. The debt capitalization ratio, net of cash and cash equivalents, was 33%. At the end of June, we had $5.7 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash.  Turning to guidance. We still expect annual capital investments for 2020 to be approximately $2.1 billion, which includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments, with about 60% allocated to sustaining the business and 40% to growth. Approximately 30% of our overall growth CapEx for 2020 is allocated to expanding our renewables business. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.4 million to 1.45 million barrels per day, U.S. Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 400,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 215,000 to 235,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 375,000 to 395,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4.40 per barrel.  With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2020. Operating expenses in 2020 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.20 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.06 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  For the third quarter, net interest expense should be about $145 million. And total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $580 million. For 2020, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $825 million. And we expect the RINs expense for the year to be between $400 million and $500 million. Lastly, as discussed on our last earnings call due to the impact of the beneficial tax provisions in the CARES Act as well as the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, we are not providing any guidance on our effective tax rate for 2020.  That concludes our opening remarks. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Prashant Rao of Citigroup.
Prashant Rao: So I wanted to start on the demand recovery. Joe, you mentioned the rapid recovery in product demand through 2Q. Can we get a sense of the strength of product demand as we entered the current quarter and how it's been trending since? And if you could, any color on how to think about that in terms of buckets of gasoline versus jet versus diesel and everything else?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Sure. Gary, you want to?
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. I'll walk you through it. So I'll start with gasoline. As Joe mentioned, we saw demand fall off to about 50% of what we would normally have. Our export volumes fell to about 1/3 of where they would typically be in the second quarter.  But as you mentioned, demand has certainly recovered faster than most people have expected. By May, we were at 77% normal gasoline demand in our system. In June, 88% of normal, and we've continued to see recovery as we transition into July.  On the export side, as I mentioned, we bottomed out about 1/3 of the volume we typically export in the quarter. By June, we were back to 70% of our normal export volume. July, with the estimates we have today, we'd be about 76% of normal on our export volume. So gasoline demand has recovered much faster than certainly most would have expected and appears to be pretty strong.  On the distillate side, the magnitude of the demand destruction wasn't nearly as great. As we mentioned, we fell off to about 70% of typical demand. But diesel demand recovered pretty quickly back to about 80% of normal.  In our system, we've remained about 80% to 85% of normal demand. However, that's below what the DOE was reporting. The DOE is closer to 94% diesel demand. I think the difference there is certainly in our Three Rivers and the key system, we had a lot of diesel going into the upstream sector. And with lower drilling activity, we're seeing a little less diesel demand than maybe we're seeing nationwide.  Also just like gasoline in the export market, we fell off to about 1/3 of our typical export volume in May. Just like gasoline has recovered at a pretty good pace, actually stronger. In June, we were back to about 45% of our normal export demand. And things have really picked up for diesel export demand in July. Our current estimate for July, we showed July export volume's 107% of where they were in July of 2019.  I think the other thing that's really interesting when you look at the export numbers is looking at those export numbers in light of the U.S. Gulf Coast diesel production. So if you look at our export volumes last year in July, we exported about 1/3 of what our refineries produced, the diesel they produced. July of this year with our estimate on exports to be 47%. So almost half of what our refineries are making are going to the export markets.  On the jet side, we can also seeing recovery in demand. This week's DOE stats would show jet demand about 60% of normal. I think the DOE data really highlights the importance of the recovery in jet demand because as jet demand has recovered, you've seen diesel yields from refinery fall off significantly. So where we've peaked at about 39% diesel yield, that's come down to about 32% diesel yield. As you continue to see jet demand recovery, you'll see diesel yield fall off from the refineries, which will really help the diesel supply demand balances.  I think on the jet side, that would be the only sign that we're seeing that's a little bit troubling. Certainly with some of the renewed efforts to slow the spread of the pandemic and many of the states shutting down, we don't have a lot of good line of sight into jet demand, but some of our nominations for August demand are down a little bit from what we saw in July.
Prashant Rao: Excellent. That's a great answer. My follow-up is just on the balance sheet. Net debt-to-cap held in pretty well sequentially. And free cash flow, including the working cap tailwind, was positive in the quarter. Given what we're seeing in the demand recovery and the commentary around where we are in 3Q, if we can hold at these levels, if not improve slowly from here, does it feel like you're already starting to turn the corner a bit on the balance sheet? That is to say the defensive measures that you've taken so far this year feel sufficient to ride out this downturn, absent another pullback in demand?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, why don't we let Jason take a shot at that?
Jason Fraser: Hey, this is Jason. Yes. I think you're right. With the liquidity we have now, the $2.3 billion in cash and $5.7 billion of other liquidity available, we do think that's adequate for what we see this -- how we see it playing out right now.
Prashant Rao: Okay. Fantastic. And Jason, congrats on the promotion and stepping into the new role. I look forward to talking to you more on that front in the future.
Jason Fraser: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Prashant.
Operator: The next question is from Theresa Chen of Barclays.
Theresa Chen: Just a quick follow-up on Prashant's question related to the demand side and your commentary about LatAm. The current estimates of, I think it was 107% versus normalized levels that you're seeing, how much of that you think is pent-up demand? Or is it sustainable? And related, do you think that any of the refineries that were previously maybe not optimal or operating at optimized capacity would perhaps permanently shut down or be permanently impaired economically in that region such that perhaps you can take some market share going forward?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think what we've seen, at least for the export markets we go to in Latin America, their demand recovery has been very close to the same type demand recovery we're seeing in the United States. I do think you may have some prefilling of inventories getting ready for winter, which could cause exports to spike a little bit. But in our system, we see a pretty steady flow of diesel volume to Latin America, and the volumes are fairly constant. Where we really get a spike in our export volumes is when the arb to Europe is open. And that arb is currently open as it has been much of July, and that's where a lot of that incremental volume is going.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And then switching to the differential front. So we seem to have several pipeline or projects in regulatory purgatory. And just given your expansive commercial presence, I'd be interested to hear your views on how differentials could react specifically to DAPL. So if the pipe is shut down, how do you think that will impact not only Bakken differentials, but also WTI? And do you think that could create perhaps like a pull on Cushing? What are your thoughts here?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So definitely, if DAPL isn't allowed to operate, it certainly will pressure the Bakken differentials. We could see that moving weaker. Enbridge came out yesterday. They have some efforts to improve their capacity to help clear the Bakken. Of course, through that Enbridge system, we are connected. We are our line 9 to Québec. So we'd have an opportunity to bring that Bakken volume to Québec, which would be a benefit for us.  In terms of the WTI differentials, I think with where we are on the forecast for production and where pipeline capacity is, I don't see it really having a significant impact on the WTI differentials. I think we're kind of in a mode where Brent-TI probably is in that $2 to $3 range based on the incremental cost to get it to the Gulf and clear.
Theresa Chen: Understood. Congratulations to Jason as well.
Jason Fraser: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Manav Gupta of Crédit Suisse.
Manav Gupta: First is a more of a policy question at this point.
Joseph Gorder: Hey, Manav, we can barely hear you, man.
Manav Gupta: So is it better now?
Joseph Gorder: Sorry.
Manav Gupta: Yes. So on the policy side, at this point, President Joe Biden's clean energy agenda does not have renewable diesel in it, but there is a school of thought that you can't post the big trucks and buses to go on electric, but you can encourage them to go on renewable diesel. Do you see a chance that the clean energy agenda of the Democratic nominee expands and includes renewable diesel at some point of time?
Joseph Gorder: Manav, everybody fainted when you made your first proclamation. We'll let Rich Halls take a shot at the answer, okay?
Unidentified Company Representative: So we have some familiarity with Biden and some of his priorities. And one of the things that I would point out is that nobody's going to want to take the union jobs away that are associated with the manufacturing that we have out there. There's a huge amount of infrastructure in the country that's based on that.  Same thing with the renewable fuels. I don't think that any administration that comes in is going to want to pull the rug out from under the farmlands. And so we see the renewable diesel having a big role to play, a significant role of play. And I know there's a lot of aspirational statements and positions out there about electrification, but there's a big marketplace for renewable diesel, and we think it fits strongly in the [indiscernible].
Joseph Gorder: Martin, anything you want to add to that?
Martin Parrish: No, I'd just echo that. When you look at -- when you get to the true numbers, if you look at the carbon intensity, renewable diesel competes very well with so-called zero-emission vehicle. You're already up to 16%, 18% renewable diesel in California. You've got mandates out to 2030 in California and Europe, the clean fuel standard coming in Canada, New York proceeding. So we just -- as Rich said, we just feel really good about the future and the growth and just see this worldwide globally as in the fuel mix for a long time to come.
Manav Gupta: That was helpful. One quick follow-up. So the Monday indicators which you put out, which are very helpful, are basically indicating that when you look at all the regions versus May, every region is showing some improvement. But Gulf Coast, where your most of your capacity is actually showing a $3 per barrel improvement, so I'm just trying to understand, on the margin front, why is the rate of change on the Gulf Coast showing a better positive variance versus some of the other regions?
Gary Simmons: Probably the biggest variance is due to the crude differentials. So crude differentials have been very tight, but we've seen medium sours move $0.60 in the last few days, and we've seen the Canadian heavy move $1. And so on our Gulf Coast, we run a lot more of the medium and heavy sours, and so that would have the positive impact on the margin indicator versus the other regions, which are primarily sweet.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Sankey of Hubbard.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, it's Analyst Hub, actually, not Hubbard. But anyway, Joe, it's been a long 6 months, 4 months since we last spoke. And I was wondering the extent to which you feel world has changed on a secular basis. Obviously, you've referred to the demand side, and we can debate how air travel and what suburbanization is more gasoline intense, but clearly, you've accessed capital. You've seen very clearly to be restating the dividend commitment that you've had since you became CEO.  I guess one question would be where you think we're going in terms of how U.S. crude markets change? It does seem that we're in for a very different outlook now in terms of how much available crude there is in the U.S. and how the balance will shift. Equally, we've heard a reference already, and thanks for the about how the election may change things, but any further comments you have on that would be very interesting.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, you bet. Paul, I mean, just looking back over the last 6 months, it's been a bit of a roller coaster, right? When we started off the year in pretty decent shape, and then we had the incredible trough. Most of us in this room have been in this business for a very long time. And you got to look back a lot of quarters before you see a quarter like the second quarter of this year. It was just brutal. I mean, the margins were just horrible.  And so anyway, the one thing that we're focused on really is that we're going to run the business for the long term. And we need to have a steady hand right now and just continue to focus on doing what we do and doing it well. We're dealing with news that's barraging us every day with negative commentary, and people are fearful. And we've got an election coming on. And you and I probably could have a lively conversation about the impacts of that.  But frankly, we're coming out of this. And I think if you look at our country and the way that people want to live, it is not the way that they lived over the last quarter. So anyway, I'll stop there. Gary, talk a little bit about crude situation?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think most forecast we see confirm what you're talking about. As total oil demand picks up, I think a greater percentage of that gets filled with more sour production.  Our view is that the U.S. will still be a net exporter of crude oil. And as long as the U.S. is exporting crude oil, we'll continue to have advantage on the light sweet barrels we're bringing into our system. And then of course, with the flexibility that we have, especially with our complex Gulf Coast refining assets, getting some more medium and heavy sour barrels on the market will help us as well from that aspect.
Joseph Gorder: And then as far as your -- no, Paul, and you mentioned the election. And we don't have a crystal ball on what's going to happen. But we do know that if you just look fundamentally at where we are, the products that we produce are necessary for life as we know it. And so you can have a lot of conversation around what we're going to do and what needs to -- but in reality, fossil fuels are going to be with us for a very long time. And demand forecast continue to be for increased crude oil consumption going forward as countries continue to develop and so on. So we just need to not get hung up in the -- think we're going to be in this dungeon that we're in now forever.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. I mean, obviously, a vaccine would change that. I think I've read from your comments very clearly that the strength of demand is really impressive. If you think we've just printed minus 30% GDP, and we've got yesterday, gasoline demand down 8%, it's actually quite incredible.
Joseph Gorder: You bet. Take care.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI.
Douglas Terreson: So my question is on supply and specifically how you guys are thinking about closures of refining capacity over the next several years. And the reason that I ask is because I think IEA's final tally of closures last cycle was 6 million, 7 million barrels per day of supply. And between recent closure announcements that we've seen in Asia, related factors and current refining economics, it seems like we could be on a similar track for the next couple of years as well. So I just want to see your thinking about how the supply side could be affected by this factor in coming years. And is there really any reason to believe it will be much different from the drag for the last cycle?
Lane Riggs: Doug, this is Lane. So we've always sort of had the view that really what shuts refineries down, obviously, they have to have some sort of fundamental issue, whether it's -- they're configured incorrectly for where the market is or some other structural things. But ultimately, what closes them as either a big environment -- a big regulatory change where it requires a lot of capital, and it just becomes like you should look at the whole sort of scenario of cash flow. And it becomes insurmountable, and you start trying to normally try to sell and then ultimately it shuts down.  The other one that does that is it could be like a big turnaround. We visited a refinery few years we've got back in the U.K., and that's essentially what got them. They had a -- they put off a turnaround and had kept doing that. And ultimately, that was a big SEC alky cracking complex turnaround, the cost of which got to be where it was so large, they chose to shut it down.  So it's really big refineries if they can just sort of kind of move along and manage expenses and things like that, but it's when if a refinery has an outlook based on configuration or fundamentals, it makes it negative to begin with. And then they had, there's a large cash outflow due to something changing, that's generally what gets these refineries.
Operator: The next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: First question here, just -- obviously, you've referenced the demand picture improving into July quite a bit. That said, the crack spreads are still pretty soft here in July and as we head into August. So as you look at the second half of the year and look to balance the supply against the demand and the current inventory picture, do you think demand is going to be able to take care of the inventory situation? Do you think we're in a situation where we need to underproduce through the second half of the year in a greater extent to get inventories lower?
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane again. So we ultimately believe, to get back to more normalized economic sort of drivers for our business, we need to get back into sort of the 5-year range for inventories. There's three paths you talked about. There's really how does the demand look, and how disciplined are refiners with respect to their utilization rates? And then, of course, finally, it's just a matter of how many closures there are. Our view is that we've been really impressed so far with the industry's response to this in terms of being disciplined and been encouraged by that.  But certainly, as we move forward, seeing how jet demand works and obviously, the seasonality with respect to butane going in the pool, we expect that utilization rates will sort of be commensurate with where the economics are. And somewhere, and then I'm going to say early next year, our view is we'll get sort of back into the 5-year range of inventories.
Philip Gresh: Okay. Got it. So I guess, with your view then just extrapolate that a little further to kind of the medium-term outlook, would you think by the middle of next year, do you think that would imply margins could get back to some kind of normalized level if demand continues to improve? Or just how are you thinking about things in terms of structurally a normalized picture moving forward?
Lane Riggs: A normalized world looks like the inventories are basically back into the 5-year band. That's how sort of -- that's how we sort of look at it. And yes, we believe some more time next year, but we should be back into that sort of market.
Operator: The next question is from Sam Margolin of Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: So my question is about the net potential DGD expansion. You mentioned you're in engineering. At this point, the kit seems pretty well established. The underlying fundamentals of the business are good. I think what you said is reasonable that there's a high probability that in other markets that have a credit system or a carbon price that are comparable to California. So this business is growing. So I guess my question is on this evaluation, what are the inputs that you're watching? Is it more commercial? Or are you really evaluating some design changes or some other aspect of the expiration in front of FIP here?
Martin Parrish: Sam, this is Martin. We're really just going through our gated process and the work. This is a new location. So there's other things that you take care of, the off sites, the integration with the refinery. So it's really not -- I wouldn't say -- I think commercially and operationally, we feel pretty good about where we're at. It's just really doing the work you have to do to get to a cost estimate and the rigor that we apply to these things.  So we're still on track. We're -- expect to make a final investment decision in early 2021. And if we go forward, we would expect to start construction in 2021 and operations commencing in 2024.
Operator: The next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: And Jason, you're -- let me add my congrats. So looks like you're jumping into the fire at a pretty interesting time. So good luck with everything.
Jason Fraser: Thank you.
Douglas Leggate: Joe, at the beginning of this -- at the beginning of March, when Saudi launched its flow pillar of crude to the United States, I seem to recall you talking about getting calls relating to your ability to absorb that crude. And obviously, we saw a huge increase in export or import from Saudi, essentially at the end of May. That appears to have tailed off now. And I'm just wondering if you can walk us through your prognosis for heavy availability and crude spreads in light of what I just suggested.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Doug. Gary can speak to this really well.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Doug. So I think for us, we've certainly seen spreads about as narrow as we've ever seen with our margin for light sweet, medium sour and heavy sour all right on top of each other. As we look forward, OPEC has 2 million barrels a day coming online in August. It looks like Canadian production will ramp up somewhere in the 200- to 300-barrel a day range. And so we're already starting to see that have an impact on the market.  I mentioned medium sour discounts have widened about $0.60 in the last week. Canadian heavies moved about $1 a barrel weaker. Longer term, the forecast we see show that as total oil demand increases, a much larger percentage of that total oil demand will be filled with sour-type production rather than the light sweet, which came off the market. And so we think all of that could lead to wider quality differentials as we move forward longer term.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. I appreciate that. I don't want to make this my second question, but just a footnote to that, Gary. Our understanding from quality curve or associated with it [indiscernible] at the center of energy studies in Russia, he suggests that the increase from Saudi and Russia would be absorbed domestically. So do you believe that those vials are actually hitting the water?
Gary Simmons: We have seen some barrels from the [indiscernible] show up in the U.S. Gulf or on offer in the U.S. Gulf, which we haven't seen in quite some time. So Basra has been an offer, which we haven't seen in quite some time. So I think some of the barrels are making their way onto the water into the market. And some of that is also due to the fact it looks like Far East buying is down a little bit as well, which is also helping to pressure the crude differentials and make our barrels available to us.
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate that. So Joe, my second question, and I apologize in advance, it is a policy question in light of what we're seeing in the polls and so on. And it's really just ask you if you would mind articulating Valero's position on carbon tax, and I'll leave it there.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. No, that's great. I mean -- and again, we'll get Rich. Rich is responsible for our government affairs activities. We'll get him to comment on this. But Doug, we're seeing different proposals coming out, right? I mean Biden's got a position he's taken, and the House is looking at things and so on. We don't know what's going to come out of this yet, okay? We just really don't. And because nothing seems to have been settled on. But that being said, Rich, just want to kind of share what our thoughts are?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. I mean, it's a little bit hard to respond to it in the abstract, right, because it all depends on how the tax is structured, right? If you're looking at a properly structured carbon tax, you've got to consider is the carbon tax going to drive carbon offshore to unregulated environment? You'll need to structure around that. It needs to be market-driven. You need to think about affordability. You need to think about complexity in structuring it, and not picking winners and losers just by virtue of it, letting it actually allow all carbon reduction options to play into the market is really important.  The other thing I think you should temper all of this with is considering the state of the economy right now. I mean, any administration that gets elected is going to be dealing with a COVID recovery economy, and you need energy to drive the economy. You can't really want to drive stimulus in the economy and then layer a bunch of taxes on and completely restructure the energy format for the nation. It's really not feasible.  So I think you're going to -- the next administration, it's going to be about the economy, and the economy is going to need energy. And so while there's a lot of hyperbole in the campaign and a lot of aspirational statements, the reality is that they're going to need strong fuels to keep the economy going. So I guess in summary, we just need to see what they're going to do before we can say what our position would be on it.
Operator: The next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: A lot has just been hit here. But I guess one question I'll throw at you on the refining side. We've heard talk in some of the other companies about delays and deferrals on maintenance and how that may affect what's available to run, meaning maybe a little higher this fall and winter, but maybe lower next spring as people get, let's say, we get past the worst of the pandemic and all that. As you think probably, Lane, this question's for you, as you think about getting inventories back to the 5-year average, is that something that we should factor in as an additional help? Or there's enough surplus capacity everywhere if demand stays kind of soft that maybe we won't really notice anything on the maintenance deferral side?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Roger, so I think it's really a function of how that operator responds to some of this. So for example, one of the things that we did when we saw and when this all first started is we took the opportunity to have Pembroke FCC down and on its fractionator, right? So we actually incurred additional maintenance expense to deal with what we thought was an acute issue around its operation. We could have tried to get through that and get it to its turnaround next year. But we thought, you know what, let's just get and get that cleaned out and also help with this sort of just the sort of structural demand destruction that was early on.  So I think it all depends on the operator. An operator who's stressed, they have their balance sheet stress or access to capital is -- and debt is a little bit stressed, they may, in fact, decide to defer a lot of maintenance to some other point because they got to get through -- they got a liquidity issue, and they got to get to -- they got to push it out to a point at which they hope that there's enough recovery they can afford to do these things. The risk in that is that the unit, the unit doesn't really know how good your balance sheet is or how the world is. It just sort of the size. And at that point, if that unit goes down, it's an unplanned event, it becomes a much larger event. It's a much more expensive event. And that's the risk an operator in that condition has to deal with.  But Valero specifically, we didn't have a lot of turnaround work going into the sort of even planned turnaround work in the third and fourth quarter. We'll still address where we think we have operating issues. And so -- and the other general comment I'll say is, yes, we reduced expenses. One of those was, I would call it, light maintenance. You can sort of tell from the way I talk.  We have just sort of core value of ours is that we will never ever cut our maintenance capital such as it puts our reliability at risk because we believe that's a pathway to get to even higher expenses and more cash outlay in the future because we believe in being in this in the long term. So we don't operate that way, but we did touch lightly on some of what we consider to be a little bit of discretionary maintenance. So the debt -- does that answer your question?
Roger Read: Yes, I think so. I mean, it's obviously a lot of moving parts to it. I'm just trying to, where we can, understand some of the things that are going to be coming at us here other than what...
Lane Riggs: Just what I'm trying to say is it's very operator specific. If you think -- if you like to look out there, the cast of characters, the people who are in this business, some people will respond by being careful, and some people might have to take an additional risk. And then it all -- and then it's just a matter of how it all unfolds.
Roger Read: No. I appreciate that. I guess the other question I have is to follow-up on the earlier comment about the diesel yield going from the high 30s to the low 30s as jet fuel demand comes back up. As we look overall at what's been coming in the last several weeks on the DOE is we've seen gasoline draws a little bit on net. Diesel's actually been continuing to build. Are we at a point here where jet fuel demand has recovered enough that we should see the lower diesel yields feed into no longer building diesel margins? Or kind of maybe tag teaming on Phil's question. Are we in a situation here where maybe we face, I don't know, overall run cuts or a further cut in diesel yields in order to kind of balance the market?  And one of the reasons I'm asking that is as we roll late September into October, we go from summer-grade to winter-grade gasoline, and so that tends to make it easier to make gasoline. And I was just curious if that further complicates thing if we don't see a continued improvement in jet fuel demand.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think our view is we don't see where jet fuel demand fully recovers to where we were, and that jet fuel demand picks up and up to really correct the yield issue, which is where it gets really to Lane's point. For us to really see diesel inventories get back to that 5-year average low of total light product inventories in that 5-year average range, we really need to see discipline on the utilization. And to keep utilization down is probably the biggest key to getting inventory.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. Since that Jason is now the CFO. So Jason, do you have any preliminary outlook for 2021 CapEx? If not the exact amount but whether it's going to be flat up or down comparing to this year?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Paul, hey. So we haven't given the guidance yet as you well know. But...
Paul Cheng: That why I asked [indiscernible] outlook.
Joseph Gorder: So I would -- I'm going to say this right now, okay? The high end would be $2.5 billion and then probably $2 billion on the low end, okay? I think we just need to wait and see what happen. Lane's got us really well positioned on the execution of the capital plan that if we need to delay a project or continue to slow some of these projects, we'll do it.  I think we're very highly confident. We're just going to continue to proceed with the Diamond Green Diesel project.
Jason Fraser: We haven't slowed down now.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we're not going to slow that down. So Paul, I'd say, $2 billion. And if we see the -- as guys have talked about, to get really back to a really strong margin environment, we need to see inventories come down some. That could happen sooner than later, but we just don't know. But I think to the extent we can restart some of these capital projects, we'd like to do it, okay?  I think we've talked before, Jason, we've talked about this, that if you're going to prioritize your use of funds in the company, one of the first things we'd like to do is go ahead and restart these high-return capital projects like the coker, then we're going to look at the balance sheet to be sure that we reduce our debt and that we build some cash. And then ultimately, Paul, we would look at share repurchases. So anyway, that's kind of our sequencing around the use of cash.
Paul Cheng: And Jason, what is the debt level you need to bring back down to before you will consider the other maybe shareholder return options?
Joseph Gorder: Bring capital down to or you saying?
Paul Cheng: No. And at that level you want to bring it down to. Because I would imagine that when you start generating free cash, maybe one of the priorities that you want to bring down your debt. Correct me if I'm wrong, but if that is the first priority, then at what point the debt level you will say, okay, wow, that we still want it to be down more so that this that we could have more balance between increasing the return to shareholders and reducing that at the same time.
Jason Fraser: Okay. Yes. Our guidance on our capital allocation framework as we target 20% to 30%. That's a good guideline. There's not an absolute hard and fast rule. That's a good thought.
Joseph Gorder: But Paul, you know what kind of debt we've got out there. I mean, in the past, and we'll continue to look at it. We do regularly. But it's been prohibitively expensive for us to go out and call debt, okay? And so we look at it. And Jason, Steve looks at it all the time. It just hasn't made sense to do in the past, and we'll continue to look for going forward.
Paul Cheng: Okay. A final question for me on my side. In the event you're being [indiscernible] the supply alternative, Gary, can you maybe elaborate a little bit?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we -- throughout the history, we've really supplied the Québec refinery over the water, can fully supply Québec with waterborne barrels. Line 9 is an optimization for us. It's provided a nice economic benefit to us, but we have the ability to supply Québec either West African barrels or barrels from the U.S. Gulf Coast over the water.
Paul Cheng: But is there any option or opportunity to fund additional North American supply? Or that's really what Line 9 is just that's winning that no additional well we'll be able to gain more local supply or that Calgary or that Bakken supply into that?
Gary Simmons: So the line that's really close is Line 5, and not all of Line 9 is fed from Line 5. So even if Line 5 is closed, we still believe we'd have access to Western Canadian barrels that could feed Line 9.
Paul Cheng: How does that work actually? Is it the rate? Line 5 is shut and that assumes that the total available in Line 9 become, say, call it half. Is it you will get half of your normal allocation? Or how does that work, the process?
Gary Simmons: That's close to how it would work. So there would be a progression that goes into effect based on your shipper history. And so where we would fall out on that, I'm not sure. But assuming Line 5 is half of the volume and everyone was to 50%, then would be 50% of what we normally ship through Line 9.
Operator: The next question is from Brad Heffern of RBC Capital Markets.
Bradley Heffern: Joe, you've had the 40% to 50% cash return target for a long time now. I'm curious if we end up in a sort of longer margin recovery environment, maybe like we softer the financial crisis, how long you're comfortable sort of paying above that target as you are now before potentially the dividend could need to be addressed?
Joseph Gorder: Okay. We'll let Jason talk generally how we're thinking about cash flows and the dividend here, okay?
Jason Fraser: You're right. We're well above it. Now I think Homer said, we're at 96% year-to-date on payout. But with this being an extraordinary and short-term event, we're not going to -- we don't adjust that based on this type of a situation. So we stick with our guidance. We won't vary from it. I don't know if we have an exact number on how long we would be comfortable with that.
Joseph Gorder: No, we do not.
Bradley Heffern: Yes. Okay. And then, I guess, sort of along the same lines, have your thoughts changed at all about the repurchase program, just given what we've seen? I mean, obviously, the historical has been that when you have money to do repurchases, obviously, the stock price is higher. And that's certainly proven to be true this time. So is there a chance that on the other side, we see Valero with sustain a higher cash balance and a lower overall debt level than maybe we thought previously? Any color like that would be great.
Joseph Gorder: So you want to talk about it or you me to? I'll tell you, it's -- again, I think the key to remember here is we're in kind of a funky, short-term, what we consider to be a short-term period, okay? And we're going to evaluate it. We don't know what next week is going to hold or what the next month is going to hold or the next year.  And so what we're doing is sticking to what we've done in the past, and we're comfortable with it right now. We are well positioned going into it. We've looked at how we're positioned today versus where we were back in '09 when we had a previous downturn. We stress test everything.  So we're not willing right now to make decisions with long-term implications based on what we consider to be a short term set of circumstances. So we're just going to play this out. We'll see what happens.
Operator: The next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: The first question I have is just on DGD margins. You've been following the indicator margins on your website. They came in a little softer than what we expected in the second quarter. Volumes looked good. But just any thoughts on 2020 DGD margins would be helpful.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Neil, this is Martin. I can tell you, the second quarter was $1.93 a gallon EBITDA, which we actually feel pretty good about it. If you look now where we're at relative to the second quarter, diesel price's up $0.27 a gallon. The D4 RIN component with the multiplier's up $0.12 a gallon. So you're close to $0.40 a gallon better on the indicator margin than we were in the second quarter with those components. So looking out for the rest of the year, we feel really good about where DGD is going to be for the rest of the year and foreseeable future.
Neil Mehta: That's great. And then that brings us to the follow-up. Just your thoughts on RIN and particularly the D6 RIN and just how it could play out from here and it kind of ties back into some of the election mentioned earlier?
Martin Parrish: Well, right now, we expect RINs to remain supported in the near term. There's a lot going on. You've got low energy prices relative to agricultural prices, and that makes the biofuels less competitive, which typically means a higher RIN. You've got uncertainty around the small refinery exemption program. And obviously, effects of COVID-19 on gasoline. You just don't know if you can -- the gasoline pool will absorb the mandated ethanol volumes next year. So that's a risk.  And then the EPA, the 2021 RVO itself has been postponed indefinitely. So there's just a lot of uncertainty around the RIN right now. So as a result, it's higher. Once we turn the corner on the pandemic, we get lower energy price and energy prices, excuse me, recovered at higher levels, we expect the RINs to drift lower.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Sighinolfi of Jefferies.
Christopher Sighinolfi: I do have two questions. I guess, first, following up on Roger's earlier question. With changes in product slate and unit configuration and perhaps the swing into winter grade, how high could you push gasoline yield if demand there continues to rebound and for jet and distillate? Maybe it doesn't? And on a related note, are you changing at all the crude procurement processes, just given the pace and degree of change and uncertainty with regard to individual product demand over the last couple of months and maybe continuing for the next couple of months?
Lane Riggs: Gasoline yield, it's probably to give you a really good answer in terms of if you were in a mode of trying to maximize gasoline and minimize distillate. It would be -- it's probably in the order of 50%, low 50% sort of yields overall. In the independents, it's obviously a function of different refineries. Our Venetia refinery makes like 60% gasoline, and so it's our Mckee refinery. Some of the more heavy refineries are a little bit different. So it's really a function of the refineries.  And if the world works out the way, where gasoline is recovered and jet doesn't recover and consequently, you got to be careful. But we'll certainly test the limits of that probably going into probably first quarter and going into second quarter depending on again how disciplined refiners are for the rest of the year.
Gary Simmons: On crude, I guess, early in the second quarter when gasoline got very weak, we pushed a little bit more medium sour into our system to try to promote higher distillate yield. Since then we backed off, and we're in a real similar crude diet to what we typically run. And I don't see that changing in the near future.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. Great. And Lane, I appreciate the early discussion of product inventories and sort of your expectations as we move into next year. For my own edification, when you think about recapturing 5-year inventory ranges and the signal that, that inventory normalization might send to prices and cracks, do you think about that in an absolute sense? Or do you think about it in terms of a days of demand ratio? I know it's a conceptual question, I guess, with all this shadow inventory represented by the low refining utilization rates. I'm just curious how you and your team think about those components.
Lane Riggs: That's an excellent question. We always -- because obviously, there's just different demand through time. And so it's not just -- we look at where inventories are in the 5-year range. That's sort of where we start. And then we certainly start looking at days of supply. And then we look forward, are there inventories that maybe the DOE is not capturing that's somewhere else out there. And so we look at all those things, for sure.  But I guess it's sort of at a high level, we're just saying there's the industry needs to be disciplined. It needs to -- and there's -- and obviously, demand's on its way back. We want to see what is normalized inventory to be in the 5-year range. And then we start looking at days of supply, are there inventories in unusual places that we'll take into account.
Operator: The last question today comes from Benny Wong of Morgan Stanley.
Benny Wong: I'll keep it to one. I just want to be mindful of your time. Just kind of looking at your renewable diesel, your business margin there came in at like $1.95, which was a little bit better than what we expected. But when we look at spot prices, the business margin looks like it would be much better, maybe even close to 2 50, 2 75. When we kind of put aside movement in commodity prices is there any reasons or factors that we should not expect the same magnitude of index price recovery to flow into your business margin in 3Q and the back half of the year?
Martin Parrish: This is Martin. As I said earlier, we've seen quite a bit of recovery since the 2Q average numbers in both the diesel price and the RIN. LCFS price is flat. So I would say you ought to expect kind of what we've guided to before that we feel pretty good about third and fourth quarter for renewable diesel.
Benny Wong: Got it. Okay. Appreciate that. So there's nothing within like movement in capture rates and costs that we might have to incrementally think upon in the back half of the year. Is that right?
Martin Parrish: That's correct.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back to Homer Bhullar for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you. We appreciate everyone joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call the IR team. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or Management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe, for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Well, we've all had a very challenging start to the year with significant impact to our families, communities, and businesses worldwide, brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ensuing collapse of economic activity due to stay-at-home orders and travel restrictions has driven down demand for our products, particularly gasoline and jet fuel. Despite these extraordinary challenges, we're blessed to be able to continue supporting our community partners and organizations on the frontlines that help people most in need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Across the country, we see neighbors and strangers helping one another and demonstrating genuine human kindness. With that in mind, our ethanol operations produced hand sanitizer for distribution to hospitals, emergency responders and other organizations, and I'm proud of our employees for their innovation and efforts to make this possible. Valero entered this economic downturn in a position of strength and our team has been thorough, decisive, and swift in our operational and financial response to the current environment. Operationally, we've adjusted the throughput rates at our refineries to more closely match product supply with demand, to ensure that our supply chain does not become physically infeasible. We also temporarily idled a number of our ethanol plants and reduced the amount of corn feedstock processed at the remaining plants, to address the decreased demand for ethanol. Financially, we remain well capitalized. We started the year with a solid cash balance. Due to the uncertainty in the markets and attractive rates available to us, we thought it'd be prudent to strengthen our financial position further. We entered into a new $875 million revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn, and we raised $1.5 billion of debt for additional liquidity. We also temporarily suspended buybacks in mid-March. In addition, we decided to defer approximately $100 million in tax payments that were due in the first quarter, along with approximately $400 million in capital projects for the year, including slowing the Port Arthur Coker and Pembroke Cogen projects, which pushes out their mechanical completion by 6 to 9-months. That being said, we continue to make progress on several of our strategic projects. We completed the Pasadena terminal project, which expands our products logistics portfolio, increases our capacity for biofuels blending, and enhances flexibility for export. And the St. Charles Alkylation Unit remains on-track to be completed in 2020. And we're continuing to make progress on the Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Diamond Green Diesel project, both of which should be completed in 2021, subject to COVID-19 related delays. The Diamond Green Diesel joint venture also continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review of a potential new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility.  So, the actions we've taken are consistent with the capital allocation framework we've had in place for several years. We continue to prioritize our investment grade credit rating and non-discretionary uses of capital, including sustaining capital expenditures and our dividend. And you should continue to expect incremental discretionary cash flow to compete with other discretionary uses, primarily organic growth capital and buybacks. Our framework has served as well and we'll continue to adhere to it in the future. In closing, the health, safety, and well-being of our employees and the communities where we operate remain among our top priorities. Our prudent management of operations has allowed us to weather a global shutdown like this without lay-offs. And while a tremendous amount of uncertainty remains in the near future, our operational and financial flexibility allow us to navigate through today's challenging macro environment. Our advantaged footprint with the flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks, coupled with a relentless focus on operational excellence and a demonstrated commitment to stockholders, positions our assets well as our country and the world return to a more normal way of life. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you 
Homer Bhullar : Thanks Joe. For the first quarter of 2020, the net loss attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.9 billion or $4.54 per share, compared to net income of $141 million or $0.34 per share for the first quarter of 2019. First quarter 2020 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $140 million or $0.34 per share, compared to $181 million or $0.43 per share for the first quarter of 2019. First quarter 2020 adjusted results exclude an after-tax lower of cost or market, or LCM, inventory valuation adjustment of approximately $2 billion. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany this release. The Refining segment generated an operating loss of $2.1 billion in the first quarter of 2020 compared to the $479 million of operating income for the first quarter of 2019. First quarter 2020 adjusted operating income for the refining segment, which excludes the LCM inventory valuation adjustment was $329 million. First quarter 2020 results were impacted by low product margins related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the rapid decline in crude prices. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which was in line with the first quarter of 2019. Throughput capacity utilization was 90% in the first quarter of 2020. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.87 per barrel were $0.28 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2019, primarily due to lower natural gas prices. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was $198 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $49 million for the first quarter of 2019. After adjusting for the retroactive blender's tax credit, adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $121 million in the first quarter of 2019. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher sales volumes. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 867,000 gallons per day in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 77,000 gallons per day versus the first quarter of 2019. The Ethanol segment generated an operating loss of $197 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $3 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2019. The first quarter of 2020 adjusted operating loss, which excludes the LCM inventory valuation adjustment was $69 million. The decrease from the first quarter of 2019 was primarily due to lower margins resulting from lower ethanol prices and higher corn prices. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.1 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2020. For the first quarter of 2020, general and administrative expenses were $177 million and net interest expense was $125 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $582 million and the income tax benefit was $616 million in the first quarter of 2020. The effective tax rate was 26%, which was impacted by an expected U.S. federal tax net operating loss that can be carried back to years prior to December 2017 enactment of tax reform in the U.S. Net cash used in operating activities was $49 million in the first quarter of 2020. Excluding the unfavorable impact from the change in working capital of $1.1 billion, as well as our joint venture partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changes in its working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $954 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $705 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2020, of which approximately $468 million was for sustaining the business, including cost for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance. Approximately $237 million of the total was for growing the business. Excluding our partner's 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel's capital investments, Valero's capital investments were approximately $666 million. Moving to financing activities, we returned $548 million to our stockholders in the first quarter of 2020. $401 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 2.1 million shares of Valero common stock. The total pay-out ratio was 57% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As of March 31, we had approximately $1.4 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. And last week, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share, further demonstrating our sound financial position and commitment to return cash to our investors. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt and finance lease obligations were $11.5 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $1.5 billion. The debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash and cash equivalents was 34%. In April, we closed on a 364-day, $875 million revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn. Including this credit facility, we had over $5 billion of available borrowing capacity. Turning to guidance, we now expect annual capital investments for 2020 to be approximately $2.1 billion, reflecting a reduction of $400 million from our prior guidance. The $2.1 billion includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts, and joint venture investments. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.325 million to 1.375 million barrels per day. U.S. mid-continent at 315,000 to 335,000 barrels per day. U.S. West Coast at 215,000 to 235,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 315,000 to 335,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $4.50 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 2 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.49 per gallon, which includes $0.12 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2020. Operating expenses in 2020 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.20 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the second quarter, net interest expense should be about $145 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $580 million. For 2020, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $825 million, and we still expect the RIN's expense for the year to be between $300 million and $400 million. Lastly, due to the impact of beneficial tax provisions in the CARES Act, as well as the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, small changes and assumptions yield a wide range of outcomes, resulting in a low degree of confidence in any estimate of the effective tax rate. So, at this point, we're not providing any guidance on it. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please re-join the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Doug Terreson: So, global refined product supplies following - in response to the declines that were in demand that we're seeing with more competitive plants probably reducing output less than others. On this point, I wanted to get your insights on Atlantic Basin and global storage levels, whether you think we're nearing capacity? And if so, when might we get there? So, just some fundamental color on these market areas if you have it. And then second, because refiners are completely shut down, often face challenges when they restart, if they restart. I want to see if you'd kind of frame the pros and cons for us of those decisions and also whether the new fuel specs might affect restarts in the current scenario? So, the questions are on market fundamentals and potential capacity outcomes.
Gary Simmons: Okay. Doug, this is Gary. Your question on market fundamentals and North Atlantic Basin, we were staring at that pretty hard a few weeks ago and thought we were going to have an issue with that region filling up with products. But really been encouraged by the reaction of the industry to cut rates and to make less gasoline and diesel. [Technical difficulty] API yesterday showed that Pad 1 had a small draw on gasoline, which is encouraging. But at this stage, it looks like the industry has done a good job to balance supply with demand and we're not as concerned about filling up on inventory.
Doug Terreson: Okay, good.
Lane Riggs: Doug this is Lane. I'll answer the second question. So, you're exactly right, whenever there's the risk of - everybody I'm sure, most refiners try to push their refinery utilization down somewhere near minimum, which normally is 50% to 65% for a given unit. But because of the risk of shutting one down very much puts you at risk of when you try to start back up it's not going to start up and you have to go into a full-blown turnaround. Now with that said, we actually did shut down our St. Charles FCC. It's a big FCC. And it was because we had just finished a turnaround. But we saw that as being a way to take off some gasoline producing capacity for our system and not take that risk. In terms of fuel quality, it's just - there's a lot of investment out there in terms of lower sulfur. It just depends on, if for some reason a GDU or a ULSD unit have a problem on startup. But other than that, I - as I think about that for us, I haven't seen that to be a big problem for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Theresa Chen with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Theresa Chen: First question, just on the depth and duration of the demand shock. Gasoline margin seems to be responding to the industry lowering utilizations and margins have improved, but the diesel side has seen some volatility recently. Not sure if it's just reflecting real economic contraction on an activity. Can you just talk about what's happening there on the diesel side?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Theresa, this is Gary. So, I think that as we talked about, the industry did a good job of balancing supply and demand on the gasoline side. For the most part, along with that, we were cutting refinery crude runs with the expectation that would bring diesel balances pretty close to supply being in balance with demand. However, the jet demand disruption was just so severe, and everyone started blending jet into diesel, it caused the diesel yield from refineries to be really at record levels. And even despite the lower refinery utilization, we've seen diesel production outpacing demand, causing the inventory build. I think we are seeing, at least this week, starting to see some indications in the market that people in the industry including ourselves are making some adjustments to their operations to bring the diesel yields down which should be supportive to the diesel fundamentals moving forward.
Theresa Chen: And in terms of the recent force majeure declarations, whether it be Flint Hills, your refining neighbor in Corpus or Continental as a producer or Pemex declaring force majeure on gasoline imports, do you see an acceleration of this? Do you think the reasoning would likely hold up in the court? And can you just talk about how you see these developments evolving as both an entity that can declare force majeure or as a counterparty on which force majeure could be declared against?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. So, Theresa, we're trying - okay - are you asking kind of a legal perspective on force majeure? Or you're asking kind of do we expect the market to continue to do this?
Theresa Chen: The latter more.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. So, Gary, you want to?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I can tell you most of our - certainly on the crude side of the business, most of our contracts have a 30-day cancellation. And we've been trying to tell our suppliers we expect to hold them to that. And so, so far we haven't really seen much of a disruption in crude supply as a result of the force majeure you're reading about in the press.
Operator: Our next question will come from Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Joe, at the start of the call you mentioned weaker gasoline demand. What I'm trying to understand is, Texas is lifting the order on Friday. Florida has minimum number of cases. So, those two are big demand states and looks like their orders will be lifted, at least a partial reopen by end of this week. And then there are about 16 states that have come behind them with their prospective reopen plan. So, what I'm trying to understand is, yes, gasoline demand is bad right now, but as one after another of these states do start opening, like when do we start seeing a rebound in the gasoline demand as these states do start coming online?
Joseph Gorder: It's a good question. Let me give you an anecdotal answer and then Gary can give you what we're seeing in the system, he and Lane. But I mean in San Antonio Proper, we have - because I'm serving on some committees that are working on some issues here. But we've seen 14% increase in traffic over the last couple of weeks. So, people are starting to get out more. And as you said, we're going to be opening up and I think there probably is a pent-up demand for folks to get out of their houses and get mobile and to shop again and to go to restaurants again. So, I do think we're going to see more activity, and not only here but much more broadly, particularly through the South. Gary, within the system, we've also seen some change in demands?
Gary Simmons: Yes, we have. So, we saw a very sharp follow up in demand, really the last two weeks in March. Kind of got to a point in our system where we were seeing demand about 55% of what we would call normal. For the first couple of weeks in April, it seemed to stabilize around that level. But now we're starting to see demand pick back up already. So, if you look at the seven-day average in our rack systems, it's about 64% of normal. So, already about a 9% increase of where we were kind of early April. And as you mentioned, where you're really seeing the pickup is in the Mid-Continent, the Gulf Coast regions, as some of these stay-at-home orders are lifted. We're seeing a fairly significant sharp increase in demand.
Manav Gupta: Thanks guys. A quick follow up. Your benchmark indicated on the renewable diesel side was almost down $0.45, but the realized margin actually was up quarter-over-quarter. I'm trying to understand how did you so successfully managed to beat your own benchmark and deliver a beat on the renewable diesel side?
Martin Parrish: Manav, this is Martin. On the benchmark, you have to realize we're using a soybean oil price. Our actual feedstock costs are going to differ from that. There's other impacts too, contractually what we're doing this year versus last year. So, I'm not going to give you a hard and fast answer on that, but it's - we just - you're kind of seeing the strength of renewable diesel and the strength of Diamond Green there.
Operator: Our next question will be from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Well, tons of stuff to ask here, but I guess where I'd like to go first question really, what are you seeing in terms the crude side of the market? How has that been flowing through in terms of, we had negative crude prices for a day, availability of different lights and heavies and maybe how that's flowing through? Maybe some guidance on what capture can be in such a uncertain market condition?
Gary Simmons: Roger, a lot of volatility in the crude markets and we've certainly been changing our purchase signals from week-to-week, kind of moving throughout the quarter. I think for quite some time now, we've been signaling really maximum light sweet along with heavy sour and we haven't seen the economics of the medium sour as much. We got into March and medium sours became economic and we ramped up medium sours. However, that, I would say we've kind of returned back to the place where we were before, where we're back kind of maximizing light sweets and heavy sours in our system. And certainly, in some regions, you're seeing real wide market dislocations on some of the light sweets that we're buying, especially in the Mid-Continent region, Line 9 through Quebec's providing us with a big benefit, and then we're balancing those light sweet purchases with a lot of different heavy sour feedstock. So, kind of step back into some of the high sulfur fuel blend stocks along with some heavy sour crudes that we're sourcing from Canada and South America.
Roger Read: Yes, I'm going to go out on a limb and say you're not having any trouble finding crudes at this point?
Gary Simmons: No, no trouble in that area at all.
Roger Read: All right. That's not going to get Joe to laugh. Second question on -
Joseph Gorder: You did.
Roger Read: Second question on the regulatory side and a couple of parks here. But we're going to have a real issue is hitting any sort of ethanol blending volumes this year. So, where do you stand on, or where do you think the market stands maybe on getting some relief there? And then, I was curious if there's any other regulatory headaches in front of you at this point, stuff we don't normally think about, but whether it's the winter grade to summer grade, exclusions that were given into the May or any other sort of headwinds we should think about on the regulatory side?
Joseph Gorder: Okay. Jason, you want to speak to those?
Jason Fraser: Yes. Yes, I can definitely talk a little bit about RFS. Of course, with the large drop in gasoline and diesel demand and the harm to our industry, the compliance cost of RFS does stick out a little more and it's definitely not helping things. And rents are still pretty high. They didn't really drop with the price of our products. So, five governors recently sent a letter to the EPA, requesting to exercise the severe economic harm waiver authority, to reduce the RVOs for 2020.We definitely agree with those governors and believe the EPA has the authority and the basis to grant those waivers and lower the volumes. As far as other regulatory headwinds, I can't think of any right now.
Joseph Gorder: Nor can I. The other guys can't. So, just say good morning to Tom, Roger.
Operator: Our next question will come from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi. So first question, you had mentioned demand is about 64% of normal and your utilization guide for the quarter looks like it's in the low 70s. Would you say that today you're operating kind of below that midpoint and the expectation with that guidance is that utilization would ramp over the quarter? Or would you say that you intend to kind of have a more stable utilization and if demand gets better, we'll start to see inventory draws?
Lane Riggs: Phil, this is Lane. So, if you think about it, the low 70s throughput basis, not all of which goes into gasoline and diesel. We're trying to make sure that we are careful to match our feedstock plans with where we think demand is. Now, pint into that is a flight - some recovery towards the end of it, but our buying habits right now have to be beyond the assumption that crude will be available and that we're going to run our assets to meet demand. And not necessarily let structure drive us to maybe outrun demand or anything like that.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And just broadly, how do you think about, if you think about the macro on the gasoline and the diesel side over the next, call it, one to two quarters, how do you think about the inventory progression for the industry based on the way you've been modeling it?
Joseph Gorder: Well, Gary, took a shot at that earlier. I guess I can take another shot at it and then Gary can tune whatever I have to say here. I think the industry has done a really good job with respect to gasoline. And we were-- when that first started, that was our primary concern. And I think the industry responded with appropriate rate reductions and including us. And where we are today is, you have, like Gary mentioned, just dropping in diesel. So, how I think that'll play out if there are signals right now out there to essentially drop diesel and the gas oil, which will replace some VGO purchases into these conversion unit. So, you should see some diesel disruption. And then everybody's going to have to stare how much crude they really think they need to meet demand. And so, ultimately it comes back to demand versus how does this crude supply. Obviously, there is a lot of crude. So, you don't have to reach out very long or far in your supply chain. Very committed, then you can ramp up accordingly or cut accordingly, depending on how that plays out.
Phil Gresh: Okay, great. And then my follow up is just on CapEx. How much flex do you see in your capital spending as you move into 2021? It sounds like most of the CapEx that you're cutting back on this year, it was more related to growth projects, but just sort of any color as you look out? Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we would expect, if we needed, it'd be something commensurate with the $400 million that we talked about and gave the guidance for this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: It seems like a long time since we had our virtual dinner. So, I hope you guys are all doing well.
Joseph Gorder: Boy, sure it has, hasn't it? Thanks, Doug.
Doug Leggate: So, two quick questions. First of all, I don't know if Donna is there, but I wanted to ask about working capital, the mechanics of any potential unwind and how you would expect the working capital to - the trajectory through the year? I know it's a bit of a moving piece. And I guess a related question, which is my second question, also financial, on the balance sheet. I know you're at 34% net debt-to-cap. That's probably the highest level you've had in quite a while. Obviously, there's no liquidity issues, but I'm just curious is that where you see the balance sheet headed over the medium-term and how would you move - how did you look to move it back? And I guess what I'm really trying to understand is if and when things normalize. would you tend to run with a more robust balance sheet going forward after this or how would your behavior change as it relates to just treatment of buybacks, balance sheet, dividends, things of that nature? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Donna Titzman: All right. Well, I'll start with the working capital. Now, you're correct, as we've seen, prices leveled off a bit. And then, hopefully, now, as they start to recover with the economy waking backup, we would expect to see that working capital draw reverse itself. I can't tell you how quickly that will happen. That is really all dependent on how quickly we see these prices recover. And to answer the balance sheet question; obviously, yes, the debt cap has gone up a bit here of late. Our intentions would be, as everything gets back to normal, to also normalize that balance sheet a bit when we raised the $1.5 billion. We did that in short-term maturities and not in 10s and 30s, with the idea that that would become repayable much quicker than a longer-term issuance. So, our intent would be to kind of get back to where we were pre all of this, as quickly as we can. And again, the liquidity, as you mentioned, is absolutely key today. So, we are definitely in the cash preservation mode right now, but we have a very strong liquidity level and are very comfortable with where we're at today.
Doug Leggate: Donna, can I just ask for some clarification on the working capital? What - you're on a, I assume, a net payables position. I was really more interested in the mechanics. I understand you've had a big drop in crude prices, so obviously that hurts you. But do you anticipate that - a big move obviously in Q1, but do you anticipate any additional moves in terms of use of working capital after the shock you've had in oil prices or do you think the worst is kind of behind us there?
Donna Titzman: Well, I think you can expect that - a lot of this started in mid-March and continued through the April timeframe, so you should probably expect some of that to have carried into April. But as I mentioned, things are leveling off and hopefully now we're looking at improvement from this point forward. So, we shouldn't see that same kind of level of cash being consumed.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Hi team, good morning, and hope all of you are doing well. I just want to follow-up on this question of demand that we've talked a lot about on this call, 2020 demand conditions. Joe and team, I want to get your perspective on sort of the structural questions of demand, particularly for two products: gasoline in jet. So, on gasoline, the thoughts around work from home, and does that create a change in social behavior that has an impact on more gas demand? And jet, the willingness of the consumer to travel, I think all of us are just trying to figure out whether there is a long-term impact from some of the changes that we've seen here over the last month, or do you view you this as more cyclical?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, this is Gary. So, I think we are taking those things into account. So, where we saw a fairly sharp decline in demand to this 55% level, we would expect the recovery to be more gradual on the demand side, as people continue to work from home. We see some offsetting things. Certainly, people working from home, but then you're going to have people driving more and probably using mass transit less, going forward. It's just because the social distancing is hard when you're on mass transit. So, overall, we see a fairly gradual recovery in demand and gasoline demand getting back close to where it was pre-COVID. On the jet side, I think we believe that the lower jet demand is probably here with us longer and it probably is a late year type recovery, where people are going to get back and start flying again or requires a vaccine or something on the medical side to happen, where people start to feel comfortable flying again.
Neil Mehta: That's great. Thank you. The follow-up is just on the dividend. I think the message you're trying to deliver here is that the dividend is a core priority and something that you're committed to. But just want to get your perspective on that and hear how you guys are thinking about the interim dividend?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, okay, Neil. I'll take a first crack and then I'll let Donna also have a shot at this. But, you know, with the situation we're dealing with right now, with the pandemic, we consider it to be a fairly short term in nature. And obviously, our team is running the business for the long term. And as the guys have mentioned, we're already seeing improvements in demand, which we think are going to continue as people return to more normal activities. So, let's look at how we manage the business, what we said for several years now and how we're managing it going forward, okay? We've got this capital allocation framework in place that we've adhered to for years. And within that framework, we consider the use of cash for sustaining CapEx and turnarounds, and then the dividends to be non-discretionary. And then the discretionary uses are acquisitions, growth projects and share repurchases. And there's the competition that we have for those dollars within those three categories. So, with that in mind, think about what we've done and the actions that we've taken today, okay? We've reduced our discretionary capital spending and our share buybacks and we're not considering any acquisitions until there's certainly further improvements in the market. So, those three things are playing out the way they should within the context of that capital allocation framework. But if you look at additional actions that has been taken, we have a very capable proactive Board of Directors and they declared the dividend last Friday. And they have the same confidence in our business and this team that I have. So, the things that we've talked about for years are the things that we've implemented and that we use both when margins are really strong and when margins are weak, like they have been here over the last six or eight weeks. And so, in my view, relative to the dividend, we got a long way to go before we need to take any action there. Donna, anything you'd like to add?
Donna Titzman: No, I mean, just all along, we have maintained a conservative balance sheet for the purpose of being able to survive times like this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Prashant Rao: My first question is on the balance sheet and specifically on debt. I wanted to sort of touch back on that. You guys took good advantage of the low interest rate environment and the strength of your financial position with that $1.5 billion in recently issued debt. I'm just wondering, depending upon how the recovery here goes economically, are there further opportunities ahead to take advantage of these low interest rates, maybe potentially refi or retire other parts of the current debt structure, lower your overall interest expense? Donna, you made a comment about sort of the appetite for longer tenor versus shorter tenor debt, so perhaps that plays into this as well? So, any color there would be appreciated. Thanks.
Donna Titzman: Sure. So, the problem with - this is something that we look at all of the time, not just in this environment but on a regular basis. The issue typically with retiring, refinancing current debt out there is we have make-whole provisions in all of our agreements. So effectively, what we're doing is paying the investor the impact of the current low prices anyway. So, from an economic perspective, that rarely works out to be a good deal. That being said, we continue - but we're always looking for odd moments in the market where things may not trade as efficiently as others, many times those are smaller opportunities and not larger opportunities. But again, we'll continue to look for those ideas, but I wouldn't say that that would happen in a big way.
Prashant Rao: Okay. Thank you. That's clear. My follow-up is sort of pre-differential question. We've seen a lot of disparities and some disconnects between what we see on the screen and the physical market, I guess the financial and the physical market. We get some questions on the ability to aid that disparity and what that means for the ability of refiners to capture some of those dislocations and how to - how cautious should we be in thinking about that as we look forward and as we model here? And did some of those pre differential advantages may be preserved into further quarters or months ahead given that legalization rates are low right now? So, wanted to get a sense of those. There's a lot of working parts in there, but get a sense of how some - those of us who aren't operating experts might be able to think about that from a modeling perspective?
Gary Simmons: Sure, this is Gary. In kind of a couple ways on the crude side, some of our contracts - some of our supply contracts on the crude side are based on a monthly average price. So obviously, when you have the dislocation that happened at the end of the month, it does figure into the monthly average and will ultimately make its way to our delivered crude costs. And then we also, I can't say that we anticipated the crude going negative like it did, but we certainly saw the potential for weakness as you got the contract expiry. So we did probably go into that period of time a little on the short side to give us the opportunity to go out and buy some of those discounted barrels, and we've done that. And then to your point, if we had room to absorb in our system, we'll run those barrels. If not, there's places where we're putting those barrels into storage and you'll see that benefit in months to come.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Chen with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Paul Chen: I just want to wish - first want to wish everyone and the team and your family safe and healthy. Joe and Gary, can you talk a bit about the export market? Because I think that they've been holding up reasonably well in the first quarter, but seems like they start to be having some crack. I'm actually quite concerned, because I think Latin America probably have a lot of the infected cases that they probably didn't know yet. So, maybe you can help us understanding what you are seeing? Particularly, in the last two or three weeks, have you seen any trend?
Gary Simmons: Paul, this is Gary. So, really our April volumes, we don't have the final accounting volumes done yet, of course. But our April export volumes are down about 10% from what we did in the first quarter or more typical type number. So, you're not really seeing it in April. But in May, with what we're selling forward, you're seeing a far lower demand in the Latin American countries than what we've typically seen kind of support. On the distillate side, you did see a falloff in diesel exports. Some of that has just been because the U.S. inventories were very low. And so, the U.S. market was stronger and we were better to keep the barrels in the domestic markets than to ship them abroad. But on the distillate side, we saw exports following off around 50% of normal, gasoline has been more 10%. Where we're selling wholesale barrels like into Mexico, we've been surprised at how well those volumes have held up. So, yesterday, in Mexico, we moved 85% of what we were moving in the first quarter. So, our wholesale volumes, the barrels that we're selling in-country are holding. But we are seeing the export markets fall off.
Paul Chen: Thank you. And Gary, you talked about the gas, the storage is not going to reach the [indiscernible] in the Atlantic Basin. Can you talk about the three or in the inland market?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, that was the other there area that we had a lot of concern on. And again, you could see in the Mid-Continent, refiners adjusted and look like we may fill up in a couple of weeks, and now they've kind of adjusted gasoline balance with the demand, and we're seeing inventory draws. And the Mid-Continent is one of the areas that we've actually seen the best recovery in demand out of all the regions. 
Paul Chen: Can you talk about California? Because we've seen a sudden improvement in the margin over the last, say, couple of weeks. But is there any particular reason driving that?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, that really is more driven I would say from the production side. I think the refining industry has done a good job of bringing units offline and getting production balance with demand. We've actually seen some inventories draw on Pad 5, and so that's led to the strength in the gasoline market.
Operator: Our next question will come from Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Benny Wong: I hope everybody on the line is safe and healthy. My first question is really on the planned maintenance. We've seen a lot of facilities defer maintenance work, just given the challenges of COVID. Just looking a little bit further out. When we're back to more of a normal environment, would you expect a little bit of pent-up maintenance activity that needs to be had by then? Or do you think there's enough flexibility for guys to kind of do the work during this period of reduced runs and shutdowns right now?
Lane Riggs: So Benny, obviously - this is Lane. I'll just give you our behavior, the proxy for that. We were fortunately in good position. And at the second half of the year, we had a low sort of planned turnaround basis. So, we didn't have a lot of planned turn arounds. And so, when we looked at all of our - so when we look at our turnaround, we look at our maintenance, we're making sure that we maintain our plants just like we do in our framework and very carefully. But we did sort of push some discretionary maintenance into next year, and I'm sure a lot of people are going to do that. At some point, obviously people have to do turnaround. So, people who are deferring turnaround, been doing a lot of that, at some point that does catch up and we'll just have to see. And at some point you have to take a turnaround. And there was a question earlier that I'll answer too. Somebody shut a unit down and there's a long - somewhere near the end of its run cycle, there will be some risk to starting it up, which may force - force them to take the turnaround early.
Benny Wong: Got it. Thanks, Lane. That's super helpful. My second question is on the renewable diesel. So, just curious, with this economic shutdown, the impact we've had on demand and even on the feedstock side, and just taking a little further out, any risk that these events might cause some of the jurisdictions that are looking at adopting LCFS to maybe those plans being delayed?
Martin Parrish: Okay, this is Martin. I think if you step back and put DGD in perspective, right, we've got a great first quarter in the book. We're running at full capacity and our outlook hasn't changed, as we're committed to the long-term strategy of growing the business. With COVID-19, carbon prices dropped slightly, but the rent has escalated and entirely offset that, and the gallon blenders tax credit dollar per gallons in play. On the feedstock availability, you have to understand we're running 275 million gallons a year now. We have plans to go up to 4x that amount and we still believe we can secure the feedstock for that. So, this is kind of a - there's disruptions, but it's not significant. We're not concerned about keeping feed in front of the unit. As far as what it does for the LCFS, I think all this is rather temporary and I'd characterize it as bump in the road, but I don't think it's going to slow anything down materially. And certainly, in the rearview mirror, I don't think it's going to be that significant.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. I don't-- Jason, I don't know what you think, but I don't think anybody's going to back off of LCFS type regulations.
Jason Fraser: Yes, I don't think so. You may see a little bit of slow in them actually enacting laws and bills just because they've taken a lot of recesses with the social distancing. So, the legislature in a lot of the states, they've really slowed down last couple months. So, we're starting to see them talk about coming back and get back into session. I think Arizona and California are coming back. We were just talking about it yesterday. But you can see that a little bit of delay in that, but I don't think it changes the long-term trend or their views.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern: Another question on capture. I think some of the things that have been discussed so far have been around crude discounts and sound like they're positive for capture. I'm just wondering, with these refineries running in these sort of unusual constraints, and load utilization and maybe FCC is being shut down, are there decrements we need to be thinking about to capture as well, either as it relates to how much you can optimize the system or maybe the production of intermediates or something along those lines?
Lane Riggs: So - hey, Brad, this is Lane. So, I would just say, with respect to anything, it might be something to think. The conversion units create volume gains, whether they're hydrocracker or FCC. And so to the extent that we're cutting FCC and hydrocrackers to meet the demand, we think there are - you'll have, you could have a negative - your volume gain isn't there to help in your margin capture. I would say outside of that, I don't know if there's anything else with how we're operating to directly impact that.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then maybe one for Martin. Just on the ethanol business, you guys gave the guidance of $2.0 million for this quarter, down a little bit more than 50%. Is there a reason that you're not running it lower than that? Just given that we're seeing negative margins on the screen here, even before OpEx? Thanks.
Martin Parrish: Okay, sure. Well, as you know, we've got eight of our plants down and six are running. So, we're actually running lower than 50% today. This demand disruption really hit home in ethanol right, significant cuts have been made across the industry. We cut - if you look at the April EIA information, it would tell that demand is - implied demand is less than 50% of last year. So, we think we're in the right spot. Ultimately, this will recover right and global renewable fuel mandates will drive export growth. Domestically, we'll get going again and ethanol is going to be in the gasoline pool. And we'll see incremental demand as a result of fuel efficiency standards and year-round E15 sales.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: I've got a sort of outlook question. Gary mentioned that your light sweet throughput was up in the quarter, that's probably because crude production was up in the U.S. still in the first quarter. That doesn't look like it's going to continue. I mean, in the environment where U.S. crude production declines and really doesn't return to levels that it's at today for three to four years, how do you think that affects your business and your capital allocation decisions? Do you think we're going to re-enter an environment that's very complexity oriented? Or do you - is there something else that might be less obvious that you're paying attention to? Anything around that theme would be helpful.
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane. Sam, I would say in terms capital allocation, think about the things we're investing in on the refining side is over, right? There's other small caps that always we work on our feedstock flexibility, but to the extent that there's something that has a feedstock, feed element to. That's really more about positioning yourself to continue to run for heavy sour. We built the two crude units to run domestic. I think we think obviously you have to destock, even though there's some production losses going in this. You're going to have to destock domestic crude for a while as there is a recovery. So, we're not making big investments to run additional domestic crude because we think we've done that. So, we don't have - we don't have this sort of projects in the future to try to take more advantage of that. We think we've done it. But we don't really have a lot of projects, big projects that are even pointed at trying to take advantage or do something different on our feedstock collection.
Sam Margolin: Thanks. And then just a follow-up on feedstock. You mentioned that high sulfur fuel oil kind of components still look attractive. Certainly, on a percentage to Brent basis, the discount is pretty wide. How do you balance that with sort of your throughput utilization decisions? I would imagine there's some - there's at least some incentive across the board to maybe run ahead of demand. But where do you sort of draw the line between regular way business and what might cross into trading or something that you don't want to be involved?
Lane Riggs: That's a really good question. So, what I would say is we - all of our refineries are essentially this open capacity, right? If it's a little bit - it's an interesting place to be when you're trying to do your planning and doing relative values of feedstocks into it. It's open. So we are - it's pretty basic. We are doing our best to try to optimize our feedstock collection into matching demand and trying to be very careful not to run ahead of demand even though there will be a structure that might try to incentivize you to do so. So, we are being very - paying particular attention to doing that. But Gary mentioned that we started out, we were sort of a lot of domestic crude and heavy, and then as this thing unfolded we saw gasoline get weak, which was a disadvantage. Domestic crudes, we sort of went to medium sour and really loaded up on heavy. And as we've seen, gasoline start to pick up and it looks like that's in line. You're seeing us sort of work back, I think, to sort of our traditional posture, it's just we're going to be running less of it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd: I think maybe just one high level strategic one from me. I know it's hard to speculate at this point, Joe. But if you - if you look into the crystal ball, are there any structural changes you see down the line that are likely to impact your business and may impact the way you allocate capital? I know you talked a little bit about the potential longer-term impact to demand. But you think about overall as you run your business operational practices, regional preferences within the portfolio, long-term calls on capital, are there any structural things coming out of this that you think - that you're thinking about in terms of Valero down the line?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. No, we're always thinking about it, right? But you can't run - I said this earlier, I think. You can't run the business based on a short-term set of circumstances. And so, we're reassessing our long-term strategy all the time and we meet with our Board on it to review it every year. But if you look at what we've done, okay, and kind of our approach to the business, I don't know that anybody sitting in the room here with me would consider refining to be a long-term growth story, okay? It's really - it's a business where I think the industry has set itself now to basically match supply and demand going forward. And so, the way we look at it, as we run the business, to maximize the margin that we can capture within the business. And so, our capital is focused on optimization projects and logistics projects which allow us to lower our cost structure of things coming into the plants and going out of the plants. And then just how do we get a little more value out of every stream it is that we process? That's the view that we've adhered to now for several years, and I think it's the view that we're going to adhere to going forward. So, it's a little early right now for me to say that there's any fundamental changes, other than those that we've already implemented around capital, a greater focus on the renewable's, the greener fuels going forward, which we've done with the ethanol business, and with the renewable's, renewable diesel business. But other than that, I just don't envision anything, any major change of direction right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about the regional guidance that you provided. You mentioned that Mid-Con demand has been getting stronger, that regional utilization guidance is kind of at the lower end of the range. North Atlantic also, and then U.S. West Coast, looks like those assets are going to be the highest - running at the highest utilization rates in 2Q. So, can you just discuss some of the puts and takes by region that results in that dispersion of run rates? Thanks.
Lane Riggs : Jason, I'll take a stab at it. Our view, when Gary was talking about the Mid-Continent and it's getting better, when you think about a refinery operation, when you have a refinery setting in the Mid-Continent, if you get out of balance, it can become - you might end up shutting refinery down. So, we have taken the position on where we are essentially landlocked, to be very cautious on our feedstock plants, with the assumption there's plenty of oil to go get it if we needed to, whatever reason we believe that demand is sticking up. So, it's really around world's demand versus expectations and where are concerns about, sort of the feasibility of our operations where we are landlocked is all these policies around pre-COVID impacted demand. So, that's really where I think Gary talked for. It's just now we see that the Mid-Continent has sort of bottomed out, seems to be recovering a little bit better and it's - so, we have a run - but our plan is to make sure that we have - we are shortening our supply chain and that we can manage it and respond to it quickly and not get ourselves to where we're over committed on supply chain. And in the event that we have - that creates a problem for us if something doesn't quite happen the way that we hope it does. And that's really the narrative all the way across every system that we have. We're just being very careful trying to match the demand with that region, with an understanding that the West Coast, the Mid-Continent is not - you have to get that right. If you don't get - if you get it wrong, you get into some - having to do very uneconomic things to fix those problems. The Gulf Coast, it's a big system. It can go into a lot of different pipelines, servicing a lot of different parts of the country and then ultimately export to sort of satisfy its balance. But even there we're being very cautious.
Jason Gabelman: Great.
Lane Riggs: Our North America - I mean, the Atlantic is really - we have - we're doing some work in both of those refineries in the second quarter.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks. And just a follow-up on a longer-term margin outlook. Clearly, it looks like demand is starting to improve from the bottoms, but there's a lot of global refining capacity out there that's not being utilized right now and historically refiners have reacted pretty quickly to changes in demand. So, I'm just wondering what your outlook is over the next year, even if demand recovers, if it doesn't come fully back, is there a risk that they're slacking the global refining system that could limit the gains in refining margins until demand more fully recovers? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. I would say certainly there is that risk. But again, I would point to - we've been very encouraged by the discipline the industry has shown. And we're hopeful that maybe what you saw in March in the case that demand fell off sharply and it took a couple of weeks for refineries to modify their operations to come back closer to being in balance with demand, you see a reverse of that as demand picks up and we set our operations to run at lower production rates, maybe you get some big draws. But there's no way for us to really speculate how the industry is going to respond as demand recovers.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: If I take midpoint refining throughput guidance against your $450 million OpEx guidance, it looks like your projected total OpEx will be coming down by about $90 million versus Q1 levels. Is that $90 million simply your energy savings on running the boilers at lower rates or are there other areas where you've been able to cut costs as well?
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane again. So, if you think about our cost structure in a refinery, you have variable costs and fixed costs. And the variable cost, and it's an interesting thing to think about because in $1.80 for a Henry Hub pricing environment, variable costs, which for us includes FCC catalysts, chemicals, and natural gas to fire our boiler and our heaters. It's really somewhere now down between 15% and 25%. Whereas maybe in years past where natural gas was much more expensive, would have been a bigger component. So, yes, natural gas purchase is a part of that. It's not - it's really - if you look all the way down the line, we have our variable cost as we've cut FCC catalyst, we've cut natural gas. But we've also - we also see our - we reduced our contractor headcount some and looking at very carefully at our sort of discretionary maintenance to also bring that down. Again, trying to be very careful with operating costs.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then, could you also talk about your ability to capture contango in this market both for U.S. barrels as well as for your offshore barrels? There's been some reports that refiners are looking to procure additional storage, maybe even like renting out Jones Act tankers. So, can you just walkthrough all that?
Lane Riggs: Yes, certainly, the market structure is such that if you can put barrels in tankage whether that's floating storage or tankage in cushing, the market paid you to do that. In terms of our everyday purchases, a lot of the market structure is built into the prices you see and you don't necessarily get a big benefit from market structure except for Mid-Continent barrels that we purchased, and we tend to see a bit when we're contango versus when the market structures in backwardation. It's a pretty complex discussion and I would ask you if you want to go into that in detail you can call Homer and we can setup a discussion to go into more detail about that.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's' question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any further remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Cherry. We appreciate everyone joining us today and hope everyone stays safe and healthy. If you have any follow up questions, as always, don't hesitate to reach out to the IR team. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today‘s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Homer Bhullar. Thank you. Please go ahead sir.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning everyone and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report that we had a good quarter delivering solid financial results. Our refineries operated well at 96% utilization allowing us to take advantage of wider sour crude oil differentials and weakness in high sulfur residual feedstocks. Overall, 2019 was a challenging environment for the refining business. We started the year with gasoline inventories at record highs and gasoline cracks at historic lows. We were also faced with narrow sour crude oil differentials for most of the year, primarily due to sanctions on Venezuela and Iran in addition to OPEC and Canadian crude oil production curtailments. And differentials on inland sweet crude oils narrowed in the second half of the year with the start-up of multiple new crude pipelines from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast. Despite this challenging backdrop, our team demonstrated the strength of our assets and prior investments to improve our feedstock and product flexibility allowing us to deliver another year of steady earnings and free cash flow. We demonstrated our crude supply flexibility by processing an annual record of 1.4 million barrels per day of North American sweet crude oil as well as a record of approximately 180,000 barrels per day of Canadian heavy crude oil in 2019. We also achieved another milestone by delivering the best ever year on employee safety performance and the lowest number of environmental events in company history, demonstrating our strong commitment to safety, reliability and environmental stewardship. We continue to invest in projects that enhance the flexibility and margin capability of our portfolio. In 2019, we successfully started up the Houston alkylation unit and completed the Central Texas Pipelines and Terminals Project. And we have several growth projects that will be completed this year including the Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation units and the Pembroke cogeneration unit. Looking further out, the Diamond pipeline expansion should be completed in 2021 and the Diamond Green Diesel and the Port Arthur Coker projects are still on track to be completed in 2021 and 2022, respectively. We also continue to explore growth opportunities in our renewable fuels business, which is already the largest in North America. As we previously announced, the Diamond Green Diesel joint venture is in the advanced engineering review phase for a new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility. If the project is approved, operations are expected to commence in 2024, which will result in Diamond Green Diesel’s renewable fuels production capacity increasing to over 1.1 billion gallons annually or over 70,000 barrels per day. We remain disciplined in our allocation of capital, a constant in our strategy for several years, which prioritizes our investment grade credit rating, sustaining investments and maintaining a sustainable and growing dividend. We expect our annual CapEx for 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, which is consistent with our average annual spend over the last six years with approximately $1 billion allocated for high return growth projects that are focused on market expansion and margin improvement and the balance allocated to maintain safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. And you should continue to expect incremental discretionary cash flow to compete with other discretionary uses including organic growth investments, M&A and cash returns to our investors. Looking ahead, we have a favorable outlook for refining margins with the IMO 2020 low sulfur fuel oil regulation, which just took effect on January 1. High sulfur crude oils are expected to be more discounted due to lower demand as less complex refineries switched to sweeter crude oils. Valero’s complex refining system is well positioned to take advantage of the discounted high sulfur crudes and fuel oils as feedstocks. And our growing renewable diesel segment continues to generate strong results due to the high demand for renewable fuels. In closing, our incredible team’s relentless focus on operational excellence, a steady pipeline of high-return organic growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns should continue to position Valero well. So with that Homer, I’ll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the fourth quarter of 2019, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.1 billion or $2.58 per share compared to $952 million or $2.24 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Fourth quarter 2019 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $873 million or $2.13 per share compared to $932 million or $2.19 per share for the fourth quarter of 2018. For 2019, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.4 billion or $5.84 per share compared to $3.1 billion or $7.29 per share in 2018. 2019 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.4 billion or $5.70 per share compared to $3.2 billion or $7.55 per share in 2018. The 2018 and 2019 adjusted results exclude several items reflected in the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to those financial tables. Operating income for the refining segment in the fourth quarter of 2019 was $1.4 billion compared to $1.5 billion for the fourth quarter of 2018. Refining throughput volumes averaged three million barrels per day, which was in line with the fourth quarter of 2018. Throughput capacity utilization was 96% in the fourth quarter of 2019. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.93 per barrel were in line with the fourth quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $36 million of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to a $27 million operating loss in the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase from the fourth quarter of 2018 was primarily due to higher margins resulting from higher ethanol prices. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.3 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2019. Operating income for the renewable diesel segment was $541 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to $101 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. After adjusting for the retroactive blenders tax credit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2019, adjusted renewable diesel operating income was $187 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to $167 million for the fourth quarter of 2018. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher sales volume. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 844,000 gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of 124,000 gallons per day versus the fourth quarter of 2018. For the fourth quarter of 2019, general and administrative expenses were $243 million and net interest expense was $119 million. General and administrative expenses for 2019 of $868 million were lower than 2018, mainly due to adjustments to our environmental liabilities in 2018. For the fourth quarter of 2019, depreciation and amortization expense was $571 million and income tax expense was $326 million. The effective tax rate was 20% for 2019. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. Excluding the unfavorable impact from the change in working capital of $434 million and our joint venture partner’s 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel’s net cash provided by operating activities, excluding changing in its working capital, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.9 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $722 million of capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2019 of which approximately $445 million was for sustaining the business including cost for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance. For 2019, we invested $2.7 billion, which includes all of Diamond Green Diesel’s capital investments of $160 million. Excluding our partner’s 50% share of Diamond Green Diesel’s capital investments, Valero’s capital investments for 2019 were approximately $2.6 billion with approximately $1 billion of the total for growing the business. Moving to financing activities. We returned $591 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter. $369 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 2.3 million shares of Valero common stock. This brings our 2019 return to stockholders to $2.3 billion and the total payout ratio to 47% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As of December 31, we had approximately $1.5 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. And last week, our Board of Directors approved a 9% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.98 per share, or $3.92 per share annually further demonstrating our commitment to return cash to our investors. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $9.7 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $2.6 billion. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 26%. At the end of December, we had $5.3 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Turning to guidance. We continue to expect annual capital investments for 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, with approximately 60% allocated to sustaining the business and approximately 40% to growth. The $2.5 billion includes expenditures for turnarounds catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling, our first quarter operations we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.63 million to 1.68 million barrels per day; U.S. mid-continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 230,000 to 250,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 470,000 to 490,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.15 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.2 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2020. Operating expenses in 2020 should be $0.50 per gallon, which includes $0.20 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $113 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $560 million. For 2020, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $860 million. The annual effective tax rate is estimated at 22%. Lastly, we expect RINs expense for the year to be between $300 million and $400 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Gresh: Hey. Good morning.
Joseph Gorder: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gresh: So first question two part question. I was wondering, if you could discuss in the fourth quarter what incremental actions Valero took in order to run more fuel oil as a feedstock across the portfolio? And how much of that you’re actually able to capture in the quarter? As well as why you think the high sulfur fuel oil prices have started to strengthen here in the beginning of 2020?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Phil, it’s Lane. I’ll start with - in terms of how we may be looked at our operating conditions and our operating envelope and then Gary can sort of finish up with the market. On the operating condition, we widened our window - our operating window to try to reach out and get more challenging high sulfur resid. We always - we’ve for years and years and years really for decade, we’ve been somebody who buys a lot of high sulfur resid to run, but we opened up to market [indiscernible] we believe the idea was - as the market changed and try to conform or at least to the IMO 2020 to some of these high sulfur resid would free up in the marketplace. And so we - and we want to get it the resid before it gets blended into the high sulfur fuel oil market because of quality reasons. So, that’s really what we did. We reached out and ran quite a few high sulfur resid that we have not historically ran.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, the second part of that in terms of I guess - how much of it showed up in the fourth quarter. We ran a lot of high sulfur resid, but we really didn’t see the discounted barrels coming in until about mid-December. So, it didn’t have a real significant impact on fourth quarter results and you’ll see that more going forward. But in terms of high sulfur fuel getting more expensive, it’s -- we’re still in the very early phase of what’s a significant transition in our industry as we respond to the IMO bunkers sulfur spec change. And so with a change of the magnitude, you would expect it to create some volatility in the markets and it will take some time for the markets to reach equilibrium. So, we certainly see that there’s not a lot of liquidity in the physical fuel oil markets we - there’s a lot more liquidity in the paper markets. If you look at the forward curve steeply backwardated and kind of showing fuel gets back to 60%, 65% of Brent which is kind of more where we think it will be. So, our view really in respect to high sulfur fuel oil and the crude oil quality discounts hasn’t changed. As the markets normalize, we expect to see the discount widen back out as the forward curve reflects, and as high sulfur fuel blend stocks have to compete for space with heavy sour crudes and complex refining capacity like we have in the Gulf Coast.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Got it. Thank you. The second question just on the capital allocation side of things. You continue to keep capital spending flattish here in 2020 and you had a really healthy dividend increase that you just announced which looks pretty well covered by cash flow. So, just curious how you’re thinking about this increase in the dividend? And is it just a shift from the dividend to the buyback and you’re sticking with the same constructs that you’ve had 40% to 50% of cash flow? And obviously, the buyback will reduce the dividend burden over time, but just curious how you’re thinking about all this today. Thanks.
Donna Titzman: No, we haven’t changed our policy and it continues to be that we want to return 40% to 50% of the cash flow from operations to the shareholders. The dividend increase is just a part of that payout. We don’t have anything particular in mind in regards to the dividend only payout. It’s just part of the overall cash return. You might see that dividend as a percentage of the total vary each year as our cash flow varies, but buybacks will continue to fill in the balance of that return.
Phil Gresh: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Joe, could you talk a little bit about the Gulf Coast operating results, you were almost up 75% on operating income on the Gulf Coast. And the context I’m trying to understand this is like you have global majors one of which indicated that downstream earnings could be down 80% quarter-over-quarter. Another one reported today downstream earnings down 36%. How is Valero in an alternate universe that you are so much better than others?
Joseph Gorder: Manav, that’s a really good question and I’d love to give you an intelligent answer, but why don’t I get one of these guys cover it here. Gary, Lane.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Manav, which - I mean first of all, we did higher discounts crude oil discounts and obviously the resid discount in the fourth quarter. So if you’re comparing third quarter to the fourth quarter that’s part of the answer. The second part of the answer is we got better naphtha - better naphtha netbacks because naphtha price has improved over the quarter. And again, we also [indiscernible] butane. So butane when you compare fourth quarter to third quarter is our ability to run cheaper butane or at least blended obviously helped us with our capture rate when compared to the third quarter.
Manav Gupta: A quick follow-up on the renewable diesel and the expansion of targeted for late 2021. You guys have indicated a normalized margin of only 125 versus 180 or something you realized in this quarter without BTC. But if you put the basic even 125, you could get like $250 million EBITDA on the base margin and then about another $140 million. So you’re looking at a return of like $390 million of EBITDA on this project. So from your capital expenditure point of $550 million, it looks like a two-year payback on this entire project? Like is the math right or is something off here?
Martin Parrish: We feel pretty good about it, Manav. This is Martin Parrish. We still feel good about the pro forma guidance of the $126 million. That excludes the blender’s tax credit. So that puts you at $2.26 per gallon EBITDA. I think that kind of checks out with what you’re saying.
Manav Gupta: Thanks, guys.
Martin Parrish: Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. So Manav, you’re very close.
Manav Gupta: Thank you.
Joseph Gorder: You bet. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Hey, good morning guys. Joe I think this is the first time we’ve spoken this year so happy New Year.
Joseph Gorder: Thank you. Same to you Doug.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I got one on the market and one on Valero. Let’s go with Valero first. Maybe Donna wants to take this. But Phil already asked about the payout, the 40%, 50% of your cash flow payout. I guess I’m more curious on the mix with the dividend. I mean you were very early to get on this trend of returning a significant amount of cash to shareholders and it’s paid part in the fund. But it has paid dividends in both the credibility of the business model as well as the relative performance of the stock, but why not more dividends over buybacks? I’m just curious how you think about that?
Joseph Gorder: Do you want to take it crack at it? 
Donna Titzman: Sure. So look we have told - we’ve explained to the market that we do consider that dividend to be part of the nondiscretionary piece of our capital allocation. So when we look at that we look at it in the context of it being [attentive] [ph] to the market with our peers and the market in general, but also more importantly sustainable through market cycles. So again, we regularly review that with those objectives in mind.
Joseph Gorder: Doug, what I would - and Donna is exactly right. What I would add to what she said, you’ve got the sustainability aspect in a down market cycle which is something that we spend a lot of time looking at to be sure that we don’t find ourselves cutting the dividend. And you reinforce that by having a very strong balance sheet. But if I think about it longer-term, okay, and this is really where my brain goes, it goes to the sustainability of the growth of the dividend going forward. And we want to continue to be able to grow. We want to give our owners more every year. And the way that you go about doing that is tempering it a little bit. I think we started talking last year about moderating the dividend a little bit more, which I think you saw we did this year. And the other thing that’s really encouraging from my perspective is it, we’ve got these capital projects that are coming on stream. They are providing significant future earnings potential. And some of them are longer cash flow cycles, which we haven’t done a lot over the last bunch of years, but I mean, we got another renewable diesel plant, we’ve got the Coker. And then if we end up doing the Port Arthur renewable diesel plant in the future. These are huge EBITDA producing projects, which are going to really reinforce our ability to go ahead and continue to deliver dividend growth going forward. Now, I’m not making you a promise, because Lord only knows what might happen, but that would be our objective. And that’s kind of the way we look at investing our capital. The component part, the percentage of the total payout that’s made up of the dividend, that the dividend comprises, that’s not formulaic. It’s more us looking at all of the factors involved. And there’s a lot of sausage-making that takes place there that we won’t get into here. But I always want to be in a position when we do something like this to let you know that we feel fairly assured that this isn’t going to be an issue going forward.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the lengthy answer guys. My follow-up Joe, I don’t know if you want to throw this to one of the guys, and may I also offer my congratulations to the new officers titles in the team. But maybe Lane want to take this. But there’s a lot of chatter about new capacity coming online in back end of this year and maybe for the next couple of years. Obviously, things are kind of soft, it seems on the demand side given what’s going on with China. But I’m just wondering how you see the prognosis for the short-term IMO tailwinds transitioning maybe into a more challenging refining environment longer term? Are you guys thinking about that? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Doug.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So I think for at least next year to two years, we see global oil demand growth kind of keeping pace with the capacity additions and we still think we have favorable balances between production and consumption. But then yeah, we start to show two to three years out that capacity additions start to outpace global oil demand growth. And at that time, we would expect to see some rationalization in the industry.
Doug Leggate: So the next couple of years you’re not concerned about -- I mean, obviously, Amoco has got a bunch of stuff coming online and then Asia kicks up 21, 22 so you’re not concerned about the short that kind of medium-term outlook then?
Lane Riggs: No. We still show that oil demand growth outpaces capacity addition for the short term.
Doug Leggate: Okay. We’ll watch this. I’ll watch with interest guys and looking forward to seeing you in March at our conference. Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all. If I could sort of follow-up on that. Hi, guys. Joe, you ran higher than we expected in every region. Could you talk about them and that’s obviously versus your guidance. Could you talk about the pattern of higher volume? I don’t know if there’s a volume mass issue there. But certainly your capture suggests that’s not the right direction to be looking in. And furthermore once you’ve hopefully helped explain how come you’re running at the levels that you are right across the system, could you - and this is a follow-up to the previous question. Could you talk about any expectations you have for shutdowns in refining if margins stay extremely weak and potentially get worse with this whole situation in China? Thanks.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. So, Paul we’ll look - we’re kind of looking at each other let us give -- take a crack at this and then we’ll give you the opportunity if we’re not answering your question to follow-up. Okay.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul. This is Lane. I’ll start. We’ve had a long strategy really dating back to 2011 to work in a very organized way on our reliability projects and what we’ve seen is our refining system has gone from say 95% to 96% availability all the way up to sort of over 97% availability and that’s helped us. We’re available when the market’s right and been able to perform better. And in addition to that we do believe that we’re the best in the industry in terms of understanding what feedstocks go where in the systems that we’re in and we’re highly adaptable to that. So, I think that helps us versus some other people in terms of our capture rates.
Paul Sankey: Lane could you just dig in a little bit on that better than anyone else arguing because to an extent I guess the computer programs commoditized or not? If you could just go a bit down that that would be grateful. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: It’s interesting you would say they’re commoditized because everybody have tools. Everybody believes that they’re all implementing these tools and to some degree or another. I would say that I believe we are more integrated and more aligned on making sure that our tools are characterized the fees and we understand our units very well. It’s one thing to have the tool. Sometimes people have tools, but they don’t use the tools. We have a world-class planning and economics group when they do a fantastic job coordinating with our refineries in terms of having those sub models very well understood. Therefore we understand the operating envelopes and how those feedstocks are characterized in our systems.
Paul Sankey: Yes. I mean I guess further to a previous question, we’ve seen big mega oil so you would think have a similar structure in terms of the refining footprint to you guys wildly underperforming against what you guys are achieving. So, it’s just interesting to try and establish what the competitive advantage is.
Joseph Gorder: Well, we appreciate you saying that Paul.
Lane Riggs: Yes, thank you.
Joseph Gorder: And then the follow-up question was on capacity?
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, I think the situation in the Far East is just developing. And it’s really too early for us to be able to judge the magnitude of the impact that’s going to have and whether it leads to refinery shutting down or not.
Joseph Gorder: The reality of it is we’ve got capacity coming on stream. We’ve also got capacity that isn’t running well and that in the foreseeable future probably won’t be able to run well. And so - and Paul if you assume at some point it’s a zero-sum game, there’s going to be a lot of capacity that shouldn’t run. Certainly - and I have a post-IMO world it’s going to have an effect on that. And so if you got poorly performing assets today, turning them around is a lengthy process. And then if you’ve got a marginal asset due to economics, you’re going to be the guy that has to bow at some point in time. So that’s why we look at it. I mean frankly our tendency is to focus a whole lot more on our business and what we can do to make it better and more efficient than kind of what’s happening more broadly.
Paul Sankey: Yes, got it. If I could just ask a very specific follow-up. If we assume that there was extreme weakness in jet fuel demand what would that mean for you and the global industry? And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Okay. Thanks. Chris [ph] our jet yield is about 8%. So we make 200,000, 250,000 barrels a day of jet. Some of that is contract demand and inland demand which is going to stay but a lot of it in our Gulf Coast refineries we have the ability to put that into diesel, if jet demand got soft and I suspect that’s what would happen.
Paul Sankey: Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Margolin from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Sam Margolin: Hello, how are you?
Joseph Gorder: Very good, Sam.
Sam Margolin: I know you just said you focus on your own business and not the market but I have a market question to start.
Joseph Gorder: I didn’t say we don’t focus on the market.
Sam Margolin: So a lot of attention is being paid to this collapse in diesel cracks. Part of the reason that the drop has been so pronounced just because the peak that it started from was so high. And at the time when we were at that peak, it seemed obvious why but in retrospect IMO is having more of a feedstock effect than a product effect. So do you have any updated thoughts about that period just three months ago when diesel cracks were peaking in retrospect. What was really driving that? And maybe that will help inform how we can escape this headwind in the intermediate term?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Sam. So I think as we got to the back half of the fourth quarter, obviously fall turnaround season winded down and we started to see refinery utilization ramp up and with higher refinery utilization of course distillate production increased. And then overall, demand has been weaker than what we anticipated. So a lot of that’s been due to warmer weather. The warmer weather is somewhat offset, a lot of the demand increase we thought we would get as a result of IMO. In addition to that, certainly in the U.S. Gulf Coast we’ve had a very heavy fog, which has limited our ability to export the diesel to some of the export markets. In addition to that we’ve had very high freight rates, which again hinder our ability to export. Of course, South America is a big export market for us. They’ve had a lot of rain in South America, which has delayed the harvest. So again having a hit to demand. And then I think the final thing is there was a lot of pre stocking of very low sulfur fuel oil that happened in the industry. And so, so far it’s muted the impact that IMO will have. We certainly are confident that that demand will show up but it would be more of a second quarter type demand increase than what we’re seeing so far in the first quarter.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thanks. And my follow-ups on renewable diesel. It’s been said on this call already the economics are really strong it scales very accretively. On the feedstock side, are there any constraints as you imagine this business getting bigger? There was another operator in the business who recently pivoted a little bit on the feedstock side and said tightening was possible in the future. Do you see any of that? Or is your – does the strength of your partnership with Diamond kind of help you avoid that friction?
Joseph Gorder: Well definitely the strength of our partnership with Diamond helps us. They processed 10% of the world’s meat byproducts. So we’re in a unique position with the JV we have. Feedstock is tied to GDP growth per capita and that’s growing in the world. So it’s going to tighten up some but we still feel good about being able to source it and we don’t see that as a constraint with what we’ve talked about so far.
Sam Margolin: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Joseph Gorder: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: I think that the first one is probably either for Lane or Gary. You guys historically won the M-100; I suppose that directly for the crude unit. Have you tested or whether that you will be - have the configuration to one - the high sulfur directly through the quarter. And that if you do that - how big is that capacity you may be able to do here? And also whether you have export any low in the fourth quarter?
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul this is Lane. I’ll start and Gary can round me up. As you alluded to, we have a history running in 100, but not all in 100 are created equal. There’s varying quality. We had a - what we would consider to be a quality window that we’ve historically ran. We’ve widened out. We do run -- we run those types of long resid. They obviously have a little bit of cutter stock and we typically run them in our crude supply. And so as we raise the percentages of them, you think about well, what we’re doing is we’re running to fill to the resid and obviously it makes buildout the bottom of the refiner. And then we’re running fleet crude as a supplement to that, because that’s been an advantaged crude really for the past year. So, it’s really over time we were optimizing by looking at all the domestic light with these resids opening the call the operating envelope for all the resids that we can find in the world. And then we are constantly optimizing that versus the heavy sour crude availability. And that’s kind of how we always run. We’ve just -- we’ve worked really hard to characterize some of these that are new to the market and are trying to run more of them. So, what was your second question?
Paul Cheng: No, I mean the first one have you export any no sulfur resid?
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, our economic signals have been to low sulfur out of the cat crackers. And we did sell quite a bit of it in the fourth quarter and so far in the first quarter we’re seeing the same economic signals
Joseph Gorder: In addition to that we’re - so Paul in addition to that we’re also exporting a lot of low sulfur ATV that we normally run in our as well.
Paul Cheng: What kind of economic and how much you have export? I mean is that part of the reason why your margin has been perhaps the better than people thought?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. I mean we were selling those particularly low sulfur ATVs and some of the other hydro process resid quite a bit above obviously quite a bit above what they historically been worth?
Paul Cheng: Yes. And is there a volume that you can share? Is it say 50,000 barrel per day 100,000 barrel per day, any kind of rough number?
Joseph Gorder: No, we probably don’t really want to share that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Final one you run 180,000 barrel per day of the WCS. Is there any more room that you would be able to expand that?
Joseph Gorder: Yes there is. So, we have -- we primarily run the Canadian at Port Arthur in Texas City. We can also take it to St. Charles and we have plenty of capacity to run more Canadian.
Paul Cheng: How about supply? Can you get it there?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we can. So, today a lot of the problem is certainly pipelines coming out of Western Canada are full but we buy out the pipeline and we also continue to take volume by rail. So I think in the fourth quarter we did a little below 38000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian by rail. We’re seeing those volumes ramp up in the first quarter and expect them to ramp up even more in the second quarter.
Paul Cheng: Perfect. Thank you.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning and let me add my…
Joseph Gorder: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Lane and Gary here on the promotions. I guess my first question is we spend a lot more time than we ever have with investors on the issue of sustainability in carbon intensity. And it’s really the side of the ESG. And Joe maybe you could just talk high level how you think about Valero’s framework for talking to investors about ESG and carbon intensity. Do you feel like you’re there where you want to be on carbon targets and disclosure and then I would think the renewable diesel business becomes a big part of the narrative of how you respond to any difference that might emerge around?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. No, Neil that’s a really good question. And you are right. We do spend a lot of time on this. And frankly I think Valero’s got a great story. Jason is responsible and John are jointly responsible for our efforts around this. And we made a lot of progress. And I’ll let those two guys speak to this in some detail.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. Neil I’ll be glad to talk to you a little bit about it. And as you – the point you made about strategy is of course, correct. Two of our three segments are now renewable. We’re largest renewable diesel producer in the U.S. through DDD second largest producer of ethanol and we continue to look at that area and expand it as we’ve discussed. And we’re also looking at other low carbon fuels and ways to lower our carbon intense our existing business. So it has a business footprint. I think we’ve been evolving to as the market expectations have changed. I think you’ve done a job on that side. On the environment side, we’re very mindful about environmental impact. We’ve always been proud of our record. In 2019 we had our best ever performance on our environmental scorecard events is the lowest number we’ve ever had and it’s safety has always been a big focus of ours. In 2019, our refining employee NGL rate was our best ever and the combined employee contractor rate was our second lowest in company history. We think we have a good governance structure. 10 of our 11 directors are independent. We have substantial diversity is something we’re always working on. We have really good risk oversight, risk management within our governance structure. And then on the disclosure area which is one of the things you asked about, we’ve definitely beefed it up here in the last couple of years as we put more focus on the ESG area. In September 2018, we published our report on climate-related risks and opportunities. And we prepared that in alignment with the TCFD recommendations which seems to be more and more – our investors seem to be a coalescent around that as being the standard they want. There are a lot of competing regimes out there. So just good to see some standardization kind of come into play. And they were also putting out a stewardship and responsibility report annually where we talk about some about the carbon stuff but also about other sustainability-oriented areas and we’re continuing to work on that every year to try to make us better. And I know there’s been some large investors focusing on SaaS year as being maybe the standard. And once again outside of carbon there’s been a lot of variability in different disclosure structures and what people may want. So we’re taking a hard look at SaaS this year and comparing to what we’re doing to see if we need to tweak some things there are always looking to improve.
Neil Mehta: Right. Appreciate it. And then the follow-up question actually relates to RINs, which I know is collectively our least favorite topic. But there were some headlines recently around the court cases around RINs exemptions and a small waiver, the waivers for some of the smaller refiners from a couple of years ago. Do you see any risk that this becomes an issue that could put upward price pressure on RINs again?
Joseph Gorder: Go ahead.
Jason Fraser: Okay. Yeah this is Jason again. We did see that in out of case of the Denver last week. And what it did was vacated SREs for three refineries, two of all the frontiers and one of CVRs. And the EPA has several options, including appeal, expect they will probably will appeal, like neither appeal and have the Tenth Circuit that - hear the case as a whole or go straight to the Supreme Court and we know they’re evaluating their options to see. So court took a reading of the statute a fairly constrained view that as far as I know has been done by court in the past but it’s definitely not in keeping with the view the judge had at the way they’ve interpreted the statute in the past. So we really have to see what the judge does with it to get an idea of how impactful this is. One important point is because it was at the circuit of the DC circuit, which is a decision the clients made and when they filed it, it’s only has legal effect within the circuit. So it only binds the EPA within those six states that are covered by the DC circuit. So let’s see how it evolves.
Joseph Gorder: Yeah, we’ll see how it plays out. It’s probably too early to give a market signal on RINs prices as a result of this case really.
Neil Mehta: Great, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Theresa Chen from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Theresa Chen: Good morning. Joe, I’d like to touch on your comments earlier about Permian pipes to Gulf Coast and narrowing of inland. And as far as developments at Corpus Christi goes there’s been continued discussion on potential stock constraints in the area. And based on one of your competitors’ releases yesterday it seems that one of the bigger dock projects that may be delayed a bit. What is your current outlook on the possibility that we might have a lot accrued at Corpus, which I’m sure would benefit your facilities there. And if there are indeed dock constraints would this affect MEH first since there’s no public corporate price and then effect inland really get backed up? Or how should we think about that?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Theresa that’s a good question. Gary is close to this. Let’s let him talk about it for a minute.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So we’re -- when we look at this, it looks like that there will be plenty of dock capacity available but there are some periods of time where it could get very tight. And so our focus really has been to make sure that we’re connected to all of these lines coming out of the Permian and we can take barrels to Corpus or Three Rivers. And then we’ve also put effort into expanding our dock capacity from our Corpus Christi refinery. So part of that project is completed. By early second quarter we’ll have that project 100% completed and essentially double our export capacity that we’ll be able to put through our system. The second part of your question, yes, I would expect it to really affect the MEH posting first. And then, yes, it will probably work its way back into the Permian as time goes on.
Theresa Chen: Got it. And switching gears a bit. So the natural gas pricing outlook seems pretty depressed, can you talk about how much of a tailwind this could be for your business this year?
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So that’s -- obviously energy is a big part of the cost structure in our business. And it’s been depressed for a while. So it’s -- obviously it works not only to our advantage, but really the industry’s advantage to compete in the world. I mean natural gas as how we run these refineries largely. And it’s a big advantage for U.S. refining in general.
Joseph Gorder: Yeah. Really all industrial activity.
Theresa Chen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benny Wong: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question, I just kind of want to follow-up on Paul’s question around the Canadian barrels. There’s more talk of north about building units, just wanted to get your perspective on that, if that’s kind of a viable path for more Canadian barrels to reach the U.S. Gulf Coast. And just curious have you kind of tested any of these unblended bitumen or facilities? And if they’re really the more desirable type of feedstock that’s what’s been totaled at?
Gary Simmons: Yes, so this is Gary. And yes we took bitumen directly from Western Canada and ran it at our refinery at St. Charles and have ongoing discussions with several producers. You can get move a lot more by rail, if you take the undiluted barrel and it would fit well into our system and we have plenty of capacity to be able to run it. 
Benny Wong: Thanks Gary. Appreciate that. And my follow-up is more on the RFS program and maybe Jason can chime in on this is. There seems to be more focused in D.C. about what that program will look like after it sunsets in 2020? And it seems like the start of setting a higher octane gasoline standard is alive again. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that? And if there is really a path for at this time or and I guess if you think about that program beyond 2022? Thanks.
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. And this is Jason. And you’re right the tables that set the volumes expire in 2020. The program falls back into the hands of the EPA to set the volumes using certain standards as it got and it’s still open. They hadn’t signaled a lot about what they’re going to do, but we would like to octane fuels to be part of the solution. We think that’s a great answer. It’s great for the all those maybe for taxpayers, it’s great for us. It keeps internal combustion engine more viable in this lower carbon world and more evolving competitor. And its great for ethanol guys because they’re a good choice of low-cost octane. So really it’s a win/win/win solution that we would like to see the attraction. And we definitely are talking it up. We think it’s a great solution for the country. 
Benny Wong: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Benny.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Joseph Gorder: Good morning.
Roger Read: Lot of the good stuff already been hit here, but maybe just to dig in a little bit more on sort of the North American performance versus the global performance. And you’ve mentioned some benefits from NAPA, some benefits from natural gas and from butane. There were also in the last couple of months issues with tanker rates and things like that. So as those events, let’s call it normalized or in this business where everybody takes advantage of them pretty quickly. We are – the way goes advantages. What looks more sustainable for you here in the next few months versus what looks transitory not just worried so much our thinking hey, we’re going to go to grade gasoline which has its own benefits just curious there, what you’re seeing?
Joseph Gorder: Yes I think overall as long as the U.S. production is having to clear to the export markets, despite where freight rates go. We’ll see good advantage running domestic light sweet crude at many of our assets. We also see that running the heavy sour and the high sulfur fuel blend stocks into our high complexity assets looks to be very favorable for the foreseeable future, as well as a result of the IMO bunker spec change. Outside of that, I don’t know what else I would add.
Lane Riggs: Roger, I want to add one line. I’ll just add one thing. I think what you’re really seeing is as we alluded to; we’re marketing for low sulfur VGO and low sulfur ATV into the low sulfur fuel oil market. And then what that does is that really is constructed for SEC - for gasoline because SEC are going to be cut. I mean, we’ve sort of talked about it over the past really for the last two years when we were talking about IMO and that part of it is certainly playing out. I mean you’ll see as the gasoline season rolls in, you’ll get a - essentially that market is going to have to compete for feed that’s into the gasoline market. So, it should be supportive of both really sort of both gasoline and diesel.
Roger Read: Okay. Yes, that’s helpful. And then maybe back to Teresa’s question about natural gas. Obviously, cash OpEx guidance of over 4% is kind of higher than what we’ve seen over the last few years. And I know there’s been some changes in the consolidation of VLP and all that. But I was just curious is that something that can be a help on the OpEx side that we should see? Or are there other things moving around here going to keep OpEx on the upper end?
Lane Riggs: So, hey Roger, if you - this is Lane again. So, if you compare our guidance to basically first quarter 2020 to first quarter 2019 is pretty much flat. That’s sort of our large turnaround timeframe. And so I would just sort of say that’s flat year-over-year. But when you look at the longer term, certainly, we’ve had realignment reporting structures. We moved the renewable in the Diamond Green Diesel out and we’ve taken all the MLP stuff which would have been in our sort of cost of goods and it came into our OpEx. And so as we realigned all that stuff it sort of resulted in a little bit in terms of our OpEx a little bit higher. And then overall there are - obviously there’s some inflationary pressures in the world. When you - again, when you compare our overall cash OpEx performance on sort of what we would call a basis we are by far in the first quarter, so which means we are the pacesetters in the industry when it comes to cost.
Roger Read: That’s pretty well answers. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern from RBC. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everyone. A question maybe for Lane on throughput. So this quarter there was almost 1.7 million barrels a day of suite. I think you guys have quoted that capacity historically is more like 1.6%. So, is there something that’s changed? Is that something that running the resid is allowing you to do? And then how should we think about that going forward with some of the dips like Maya widening out?
Joseph Gorder: So, what you’re I kind of touched on it a little bit earlier as we’re running more and more the resid doesn’t really have that much lighting components. So, as it substitutes and sort of move up either heavy or really - the real thing that we’re backing out if you look at year-over-year medium sour. So, what’s happening is we’re running more and more light sweet which -- what that’s doing is sort of it’s substituting for medium which does have some into it. So, that’s a journey we’re on. We’ve been signaling max light fleet crude and max heavy and we optimize between heavy sour crudes and resid. And so we’ll -- and I don’t know that we can go a whole lot higher, but we’ll just see quarter-to-quarter and see how much higher we can go.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks for that. And then Joe in your prepared comments, you were talking about sort of different things competing for capital and you mentioned M&A as you have in the past. I know you haven’t done a whole bunch recently. You’ve done some ethanol deals or is the terminals acquisition. I guess can you just put any meat on that in terms of what you would potentially be interested in on the M&A front?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, why don’t we let Rich talk about that?
Rich Lashway: Sure. This is Rich. Hey, Brad. So yeah we continue to look at the opportunities as they arrive. As they arise, a lot of this stuff tends to be in niche markets. And we’re focused on the Gulf Coast and just haven’t seen a lot of things arise there. That’s where we would capture the synergies and where we would have the advantage. So I mean, we look at everything as it comes up, but we don’t see any opportunities that compete against the pipeline of organic projects that we have.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Gabelman from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hey guys, morning. I’d like to ask a question about the ethanol and renewable diesel segment. It looks like the indicators have fallen quite a bit from 4Q to year-to-date. And I’m just wondering what’s going on in those two markets? And how you see that evolving throughout the course of the year? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Martin Parrish: Okay. This is Martin. On the renewable diesel, the indicator drops because the -- you have the blenders tax credit in place now. So we gave up a little bit on the RIN, feedstock costs got a little higher, but you need to add $1 a gallon to that indicator to get really where market is. So again we’re 126 pro forma, but that’s really a $2.26 EBITDA per gallon, so that one is not concerning at all. Fourth quarter ethanol was what $0.14 a gallon, EBITDA was our performance that’s come in and you’re correct there. January is always tough in the business. I mean, domestic gasoline demand is low, ethanol inventories always build in January. Really what’s happened in the ethanol space we’ve been oversupplied in the U.S. for several years. Exports were growing at 30% CAGR up through 2018. 2019 they took a breather and that was really due to low sugar prices in the world. So Brazil made more ethanol. Right now though sugar prices are up 20% versus where they averaged 2019, export demand is strong. We’re seeing really good numbers in December, January, February and March. So we still - ethanol is in the fuel mix to stay in the U.S. little bit of incremental E15, and then hopefully this higher octane standard would really help the industry obviously. So we’re still optimistic about the future.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks. I appreciate those thoughts. And then if I could just go back to running resid high sulfur fuel oil. Can you just put some numbers around or discuss how much of that -- those intermediates you’re running and backing out crude as a result? And how much of that is incremental feedstock? And in addition to that, are there any type of indicative economics that you could give on running those barrels. I understand there’s a lot of moving parts, but are we talking low single-digit dollar per barrel, high single-digit dollar per barrel in the double digit range? Just to give us a sense of what the uptake is? Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Hi. So this is Lane. We’re not going to share our detailed volumes in terms of how we do all that. And obviously the relative margins are all a function of what the market is. They’re not fixed off one another. There is a dynamic market out there, that’s a function of the crude market, the high sulfur fuel oil market, the low sulfur fuel market, the latter two of which are still trying to sort themselves out with respect to IMO 2020. So these things vary just like any other feedstock that we run. There’s not a guaranteed margin relative to one another. And as all the refining capacity looks at all this and optimizes then if they -- the margins are going to be different over time. So, there’s nothing that -- there’s not anything we can communicate that you can hang your hat on per se.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, and Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair: I wanted to check in on asphalt and pet coke. I know it’s only about 3% of your product slate, but how has pricing and realizations fared on these areas just given all the volatility on high sulfur fuel oil in the recent weakness?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I think overall we’ve been surprised that asphalt margins have stayed relatively strong. We thought that there may be an attempt to push a lot of these high sulfur resid into the asphalt market, you would see weakness. But thus far, asphalt margins in our system have remained strong. And I wouldn’t say we’ve seen much of an impact at all on pet coke.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then the sales volumes in renewable diesel were quite strong in the fourth quarter. Just wanted to confirm was that a result of selling down some inventory or did the plant to actually run at those levels?
Gary Simmons: We ran at those levels.
Matthew Blair: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Chris Sighinolfi: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on Neil’s earlier sustainability question if I could. And I just have two questions. I guess first Joe have you looked at CCUS investment to capture incremental carbon off facilities? I know some of your integrated peers are working on that specifically on ethanol facilities to using some of their EOR operations. So, I’m just wondering if it’s something you looked at and what the opportunity set might be?
Joseph Gorder: We are looking at it. Yes. And Martin and Rich are they got a team put together and we’re kind of down the road on this. I think -- I guess the real question that we’re trying to you always wonder about what’s the cost of care are going to be what the economics is going to look like on an investment in a project like this. So, we are looking at it though.
Chris Sighinolfi: Okay. And then I guess second in light of the BTC extension [indiscernible] has clearly become more valuable as noted it’s a key pillar in your environmental sustainability story which is clearly set apart from your refining peers. But Joe I’m just curious do you think you get appropriate credit for that and the ethanol franchise within Valero? And I guess what are any thoughts or internal evaluation about if or when those businesses might make more sense being independent?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Well, those are two very different questions. One is do we think it matters from an ES&G perspective and I think it definitely does. We have a very clear view of what -- where things are going and what the world is demanding now. And we really believe renewable fuel is a key component of that. And the good news is that they both happen to be great businesses and we’ve got great assets and good teams. So, I think as time goes on, people will see that Valero somewhat differentiated perhaps from others out there because of these investments. As far as separating them off, my view is they are producers of motor fuels and different types of motor fuels, very low carbon intensity motor fuels, but they’re motor fuels and Valero produces motor fuels. That’s what our business is and we do it really well. And these are largely process operations and they integrate well, processes that we’ve implemented on the refining side are scalable to our ethanol plants and to the renewable diesel operations. And so I think frankly being embedded in the company, it brings more value to Valero that it would just split it out.
Chris Sighinolfi: That’s perfect. Thanks a lot for the time. Appreciate it.
Joseph Gorder: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’m showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Homer Bhullar for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thank you. We appreciate everyone joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.+

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference maybe recorded. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you’ve not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now I’ll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We’re pleased to report that we delivered solid financial results despite challenging market conditions again this quarter. Although gasoline cracks held steady and diesel cracks improved from the previous quarter. Heavy and medium sour crude all discounts the Brent crude oil remain narrow. Its supply was constrained by geopolitical events. Also the start up of new pipelines from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast tighten the WTI Midland to Cushing crude oil differential. Despite these headwinds, we generated $1.4 billion in operating cash flow. Once again, demonstrating the flexibility and strength of our assets to deliver steady earnings and free cash flow. During the quarter, we began to enjoy the benefits of our investments in the new Houston alkylation unit that was commissioned in June and from the recently completed Central Texas pipelines and terminals project. The alkylation unit upgrades lower value natural gas liquids and refinery olefins to a premium high octane outlet product. And the Central Texas pipelines and terminals reduce secondary costs and extends our supply chain from the Gulf Coast to a growing inland market. Other strategic growth projects and execution remain on target. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit, and Pembroke cogeneration unit are expected to be completed next year, with the Diamond Green Diesel expansion expected to be completed in 2021 and the Port Arthur Coker in 2022. In September, our Diamond Green Diesel joint venture initiated an advanced engineering and development cost review for a new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur Texas facility. If the projects approved, construction could begin in 2021 with operations expected to commence in 2024. This would result in Diamond Green Diesel production capacity increasing to over 1.1 billion gallons annually. The guiding framework underpinning our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We continue to expect our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion with $1 billion allocated for projects with high returns that are focused on market expansion and margin improvement. During the third quarter, we returned $679 million to stockholders, which represents a payout ratio of 61% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. We continue to target an annual payout ratio of 40% to 50%. Looking forward, we’re encouraged. Fourth quarter market conditions are favorable. Distillate and gasoline margins are significantly higher than last quarter and this time last year supported by strong fundamentals, good demand and wider medium and heavy sour crude all discounts. In closing, our team’s simple strategy of striving for operational excellence, investing to drive earnings growth with lower volatility and maintaining capital discipline with an uncompromising focus on shareholder returns has proven to be successful and positions us well for any market environment. So with that Homer, I’ll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the third quarter of 2019, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $609 million or $1.48 per share, compared to $856 million or $2.1 per share in the third quarter of 2018. Operating income for the Refining segment in the third quarter of 2019 was $1.1 billion compared to $1.4 billion for the third quarter of 2018. The decrease from the third quarter of 2018 is mainly attributed to narrower crude oil discounts to Brent crude oil. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.95 million barrels per day, which was 146,000 barrels per day lower than the third quarter of 2018. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the third quarter of 2019. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.05 per barrel, where $0.33 per barrel higher than the third quarter of 2018, primarily due to higher maintenance activity and lower throughput in the third quarter of 2019. The Ethanol segment generated a $43 million operating loss in the third quarter of 2019 compared to $21 million in operating income in the third quarter of 2018. The decrease from the third quarter of 2018 was primarily due to lower margins resulting from higher corn prices. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2019. Operating income for the Renewable Diesel segment was $65 million compared to $5 million operating loss in the third quarter of 2018. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 638,000 gallons per day in the third quarter of 2019, an increase of 387,000 gallons per day versus the third quarter of 2018. The third quarter 2018 operating results and sales volumes were impacted by the plan downtime of the Diamond Green Diesel plant as part of completing an expansion project. For the third quarter of 2019, general and administrative expenses were $217 million and net interest expense was $111 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $567 million and income tax expense was $165 million in the third quarter of 2019. The effective tax rate was 21%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $9.6 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $2.1 billion. Valero’s debt-to-capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 26%. At the end of September, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. With regard to investing activities, we made $525 million of capital investments in the third quarter of 2019, of which approximately $305 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts, and regulatory compliance. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.4 billion in the third quarter. Excluding the impact from the change in working capital during the quarter, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion. Moving to financing activities, we returned $679 million to our stockholders in the third quarter. $372 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 3.9 million shares of Valero common stock. The total payout ratio was 61% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. This brings our year-to-date return to stockholders to $1.7 billion and the total payout ratio to 54% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As of September 30, we had approximately $1.7 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to expect annual capital investments for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion with approximately 60% allocated to sustaining the business and approximately 40% to growth. The $2.5 billion includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalyst and joint venture investments. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.71 million to 1.76 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 260,000 to 280,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 475,000 to 495,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $3.95 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.3 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.06 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to the Renewable Diesel segment, we still expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2019. Operating expenses in 2019 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.16 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. For 2019, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $840 million. The annual effective tax rate is estimated at 22%. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense should be about $113 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $565 million. Lastly, we still expect the RINs expense for the year to remain between $300 million and $400 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start off with the obligatory IMO 2020 question. The cracks obviously are very strong. We’re seeing spreads widening out. How much of the strength you see on the screen? Do you think it’s a function of just turnaround activity versus something that’s the beginning of a more sustainable IMO impact and maybe it’s a 30,000 foot question here is, how do you think IMO plays out versus sustainability and the depth of impact, as we think about your model over the next couple of years?
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Neil. Okay. Gary, you want to...
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, I think, the products cracks, it’s pretty difficult to be able to determine how much of the strength in the crack is IMO-related and how much is just fundamentals and supply. But we’re certainly seeing a lot of indications in the market of IMO starting to impact it. I mean the things I would point to, the diesel curve is just continued to shift higher, the closer we get to the January 2020 date. On the gasoline market, we’re seeing indications as well. Our view was that you would see some of these low-sulfur feedstock, the cat crackers being pulled out of the cats and put into the low-sulfur bunker market. If you look today, low-sulfur VGO is $5 over gasoline in the Gulf, which is to the point where you’ll start to see people pull that out of cat crackers and put it into low-sulfur bunkers, which should impact gasoline yield moving forward. And then the big thing that I think is very visible is on the feedstock side of the business. High sulfur fuel, it traded as high as 95% of Brent earlier this year. This morning trading at 61% of Brent. The forward curve on high sulfur fuel oil was backward indicating it’s going to get weaker as we go forward. And as you would expect, as high sulfur fuel oil has traded weaker we’re starting to see that in the crude quality discounts. So through most of the year, we’ve had heavy sour trading inside of a 10% discount to Brent. It’s almost 20% discount to Brent today, Maya and WCS. I think Maya trading at 11.50% discount to Brent today. And we’re seeing medium sours that get weaker as well. So I think on the feedstock side of the business, it’s pretty clear, we’re getting an impact not as clear, but I think we are also seeing it on the product side.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. And then the follow-up question is around renewable diesel and maybe Joe, can you just talk about how you see this part of the business fitting into your long-term strategy? And then how you think about the gating factors for adding that capacity that you talked about in the call and then anything around blender’s tax credit. So a lot of pieces to that, but just if you can fill in the gaps as it relates to renewable diesel, because we think it’s – it can be an important part of the story going forward.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I mean you took a book out of Paul Cheng’s – page out of Paul Cheng’s book here. You got first three questions there. I’ll speak about part of it, I’ll let Martin speak about part of it and Jason might want to cover kind of the probabilities for the blender’s tax credit. But I mean strategically, we are a company that really makes motor fuels, and we’re a company that takes their environmental responsibility and sustainability very seriously. And so when we look at the opportunities to produce products where there is going to be growth in the market and they’re going to have sustainably high margins, we look to renewable diesel. We just think it’s a really good business. We’ve got a really good partner in Darling. And it’s something that we know how to do. We know how to run these processes very well. And so it fits right down the middle of our fairway and so we feel very good about not only the returns, but overall EBITDA contributions that we’re going to get from this product for a very long time to come. So Martin, you want to cover a piece of it.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Joe, thanks. Yes, we’re bullish on renewable diesel. We expect demand growth to be strong. You’ve got the Renewable Energy Directive II in Europe now that’s been extended to 2030. The California LCFS has been extended out the 2030 and calling for 20% greenhouse gas reduction in 2030. And then the recent elections in Canada would tell us, we’re probably going to see a national standard in Canada, too. And then you’ve got New York State. So we think the future demand for renewable diesel just looks very strong.
Joe Gorder: You want to talk about blender’s tax credit?
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I’ll give you an update on the blenders’ tax credit. As you all know, it expired at the end of 2017. Both Chambers of Congress have proposed legislation that would extend it. I think the Senate has got it going out for two years and this is back retroactive to 2018, and out for three negotiations on the BTC and other tax extenders are now taking place within the context of the appropriations process. We’re optimistic it will get done, because the BTC remains one of Senate Finance Chairman, Grassley’s top priorities, and there’s really not a lot of opposition to it. However, this impeachment process is certainly interfering with the bipartisan cooperation that you need to get the package agreed to. So that’s what’s created a little, a little more uncertainty than there was before.
Joe Gorder: Hey Neil, one other point I think that we’d like to make on this, Martin can speak to, why isn’t – why aren’t we doing like 200,000 barrels a day of this, so.
Martin Parrish: I think the constraints to look at is in the late feedstock market and we’re confident we can source it and we’re not worried about that any time soon. But that’s the ultimate constraint on this as the feedstock. The feedstock supply is tied to global GDP per person, these ways feedstocks that’s increasing. So we feel good about being able to source the feedstock. And our partnership with Darling, they are a global leader in this. They process 10% of the world’s meat byproducts, so we feel we’re in a good place on securing the feedstock.
Neil Mehta: Appreciate all the perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: Yes, couple of things to dig into a little, maybe more on the macro front. Just in terms of product demand, I recognize you can’t give us absolutely clarity on what’s driving what, but we’ve got good cracks on even the light crude. So in spite of IMO things look better, I was just curious maybe going back to Neil’s question there on how much of this might be turnarounds versus, what we’re actually seeing in terms of the solid backdrop on the demand front?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger. So I think to me, if you look at product inventories and you roll back to early August, total light products inventory was 16 million barrels above where we were in 2018 at the same time period. Now over the last two months, we’ve had significant product growth such that – the last set of stats, we were 19 million barrels below where we were in 2018. So in the period of just a couple of months, you’ve had a year-over-year change in total light product inventories, at 35 million barrels, which is a pretty staggering figure. And so if you look at that break it down, we see good demand, vehicle miles traveled look good, the tonnage index looks good. But then there is certainly some things that are supply driven as well. Shut down of PES, some planned and unplanned refinery outages have driven that as well and helps poor product fundamentals. But moving forward you look and gasoline sitting just a little above the five-year average range, diesels at the lower end of the five-year average range on apparent days of supply, both gasoline and diesel below the five-year average range. So the fundamentals look very good for both gasoline and distillate moving forward.
Roger Read: Okay, great. And then just couple of follow-up on that. We’ve obviously seen this issue in the tanker market, part of that is clearly related to IMO with ships going into the dry docks for retrofitting on the scrubbers. But I was curious as we look at the risk of some of these product tankers on the clean side moving into the crude markets chasing rates, do you think would any legit risk of tightness in product tanking markets that could impact your export story as we go forward?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, I think for us, most of our exports are short haul market. So we’re primarily going to Mexico and South America and freight rates by get actually gives us a competitive advantage for other people trying to get to those markets. So I don’t really know that it’s much of a risk to us.
Roger Read: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Hi guys. I had a quick macro question first. Can you talk about – a little bit about the limitations of very low-sulfur fuel oil at this stage? I’m trying to understand, would shippers be more comfortable sticking to the tried and tested marine gas oil or would they actually be looking at the very low-sulfur fuel oil as a cheaper substitute in the initial stages of IMO?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we have a compliant blend that we are offering in the Corpus Christi market. We are also proceeding with the project, where we’ll be able to have a low-sulfur blend in Pembroke. But we also have seen that there is a lot of challenges on being able to blend this 0.5 material especially with a lot of the low-sulfur Paraffinic crudes. So I think there is a good chance that initially ships will run marine gas oil and then gradually transition to the lower sulfur bunker material.
Manav Gupta: And as I understand, that would be good for the U.S. diesel demand, right, if they continue to use marine gas oil in the initial stages?
Gary Simmons: Yes, it will. And I think even with the blends we’re seeing on the low-sulfur bunker material those when still contain a fairly significant percentage of distillate in the blend. And so even if they’re burning the low-sulfur bunker, we still see a step change in diesel demand.
Manav Gupta: A quick follow-up is, you are running a lot of light sweet crude on the Gulf Coast, almost 770,000 barrels a day, up about 25% versus last year. I’m trying to understand now that we are finally seeing sour discounts widen out. Should we think that in 4Q and going ahead, there is a little bit of a switch back-to-medium and heavies, which would also solve some of the naphtha issues you had in 2Q?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So that’s exactly what we see. We set another record for light sweet crude processing in the third quarter. The economic signals were strongly in favor of light sweet crude. We’ve been saying that we are at 1.6 million barrels a day of overall capacity and we pretty much fully utilized that in the third quarter. But certainly with the widening of the quality discount, especially the heavy sour crude are favored and we’re starting to see medium sour crudes become economic as well.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for taking my questions, and congrats on another good quarter. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Manav. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good morning. A bit of a follow-up to Manav’s question here, just in terms of your slate on the Gulf Coast, how do you think about, your ability to run high sulfur fuel oil as a feedstock? I think residuals have been about 200,000 barrels a day or so, each of the past few quarters. How much of that is high sulfur fuel oil and what kind of flexibility do you have to run more as a feedstock?
Gary Simmons: So we have a lot of flexibility to do that and we have been doing some of it backing out high sulfur or heavy sour crude. And we haven’t really been running high sulfur fuel, but we’ve been running blend components that are going into the high sulfur fuel oil market. We’ve run some of those and we expect to do more as we move forward.
Phil Gresh: Okay. And then second question, obviously there is a change to the Maya formula, but obviously Maya has to be competitive regardless of what the formula is. I’m just curious how you think about – how these heavy barrels on the Gulf Coast need the price, especially WCS, which seems to be discounting more, as more barrels are coming via rail, but also then you have the Middle Eastern barrels, you have the medium sours. So how do you think about how these should all price relative to each other?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we believe heavy Canadian in Maya should trade at approximately the same value. Obviously in September, PMI expected high sulfur fuel oil to trade much weaker and the formula had Maya really priced out of the market. But they made a correction in October and if you look at where both WCS and Maya are trading today, they are almost on top of each other, which is where we expect those to trade moving forward.
Phil Gresh: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Prashant Rao: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Prashant.
Prashant Rao: Good morning, Joe. After following up on Phil’s question there, price on Maya and WCS is one factor and relatively how those are on top of each other. In market access, the barrels are moving down of the Gulf is another, as we look to Canada talking about rail above curtailment, we’re starting to see – end of the curtailment start to roll off a little bit. It looks like, could we get a more Brent barrels of Canadian into the Gulf Coast market? I just wanted to get a sense of what you’re seeing out there and maybe give us a sense of what you can get on sort of a firm versus delivered basis for barrels and how does that play any further into kind of that Maya versus U.S. dynamic pricing of the curve?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we’re in ongoing negotiations with several producers in Western Canada on delivered rail volume. We have our Lucas rail facility that feed support Arthur refinery and a lot of capacity to run-heavy Canadian there. And we anticipate as we move through the fourth quarter, you will see rail volumes ramp up as – and we anticipate we’ll buy those barrels delivered on something equivalent to the WCS or Maya equivalent in the Gulf.
Prashant Rao: Okay, great. And then other factor, another question is just a follow-up on the ethanol, that’s a smaller segment, but I just wanted to get a sense of how you see the next couple of quarters playing out? And when we could start to see potentially EBIT going back into the black on ethanol? What do we need to see to sort of give us the first time post that that’s swings to the positive, because obviously that could be incremental upside there too in the quarter’s ahead if factors play out right?
Martin Parrish: So this is Martin. I think near-term October is looking a lot better than the third quarter did. What you’ve seen is the recent DoE data. What the issue has been is oversupply in the U.S. right. Inventory is just too low, which is pressuring margins. The production is trending lower, ethanol inventory now on the weekly data is 2.5 million barrels lower than this time last year. And then long-term, we’re still bullish. Ethanol is going to be in the U.S. gasoline mix for the long run. We expect to see some small incremental demand in the U.S. from higher octane and fuel efficiency standards and some small incremental demand from year round E15 sales. And then we expect, really the big thing we expect is a rebound and the export growth due to favorable blend economics, just the economics to blending ethanol and then these global renewable fuel mandates. So we still feel very constructive in the long-term and think that’s going to be around the corner.
Prashant Rao: All right, thank you very much for the time. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotia Howard Weil. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: I think I have two questions. One, maybe is for Gary, I think. So I would try to stick to just two, not multiple. That before we sit, Gary, you mentioned that you haven’t really fit the high sulfur, we sit directly to the Coker. Is that something that you guys believe technically, given the way economic you can do? And does it matter whether it’s a delayed Coker or as a forward Coker.
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul, it’s Lane. We’ve historically ran quite a – what Gary was talking about was we run a lot of outside blend stocks that go into a 3.5% fuel oil and we’ve always done that. And it’s a part of the market that we feel like we understand technically maybe better than a lot of the people in the industry. And one of the critical strategy is going into this, towards going in IMO have to make sure you keep connectivity between these feedstocks and the heavy crudes and we work really hard at doing that. There are technical challenges. They are around defaulting and some of the other things, but we are very focused on increasing amount of heavy sours that we run.
Paul Cheng: Lane, so you’re saying that you won the heavy sour, the crude or you won the heavy sour we see, I’m sorry?
Lane Riggs: We do both, but your question was around resid and...
Paul Cheng: Right.
Lane Riggs: So the earlier question was, are you running more fuel oil and we don’t really run fuel oil per se. What we run is we run the blend stocks that go into 3.5%. And so as you see that as people unwind that as a fuel, you’re going to see more of these components around the world become available. And the key is going out there and understanding and technically and fitting into our system, which we’re working very aggressively to do that.
Paul Cheng: How about the second part of my question, whether that make any difference that – whether it’s a fully Coker or delayed Coker and your ability to won those?
Lane Riggs: Not really.
Paul Cheng: Not really, okay. And that Joe for – you have strong cash flow and continue to do so. Your balance sheet is in good shape, but given the uncertainty in the economy. Will that makes sense to move part of the free cash to pay down debt to really draw down the debt to a much lower level at some point that we may get hit by recession, we don’t know when, but at some point in may?
Joe Gorder: Yes, it’s a good question, Paul. I will let Donna speak to that.
Donna Titzman: No, I actually think our balance sheet is in good shape. We do have additional debt capacity to go. I don’t think our ratings are in jeopardy. We have good liquidity today. So again, I’m not – don’t believe that paying down debt right now is necessary.
Joe Gorder: Yes, there is really nothing to tell, Paul…
Donna Titzman: Well, it’s very expensive. You’re right, our next maturity is in 2025 and to try to get that called early with the expensive and uneconomical to us.
Paul Cheng: That’s it. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you and good morning everyone. Good morning, Joe.
Joe Gorder: How are you doing Doug?
Homer Bhullar: How are you Doug?
Doug Leggate: I should probably thank Paul for making room for the rest of us, so I thank them as well. So, I just go two quick questions, Joe. Obviously, IMO is the focus for the whole market right now. My question really is more about, this year perspective on duration of any perceived benefit. To give it, to explain my question will further, our view is that the industry can react to the product side it, with things like your VGO, reallocation and things of that nature. The stickier side of it seems to be on the sour feedstock. So I just want to get your perspective as do you think that the product side of it is more sticky as well? In which case, what does it mean for like gasoline balance given what you described in your prepared remarks about VGO? Maybe explain your experience of what you’ve done with VGO and how you expect to operate going forward? And I’ve got a quick follow-up please.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Gary and Lane can speak to this. You know, Paul, I mean, Doug, excuse me, if you recall probably for 18 months or something, we’ve been talking about the first – the prospects from IMO and it’s kind of shaping up the way that we had anticipated. The one issue and the guys can speak to this in addition to your question is, how do you solve the circumstances that IMO creates in the market, okay. Who comes in and solves the problem around the 3.5% weight fuel oil? So you guys want to speak to it in general and then…
Lane Riggs: Yes, I’ll start and then of course, Gary, can always tune it up a little bit later here, we – Joe alluded to this, we sort of played out the way that we thought, and I think ultimately early on, you’re going to have this demand for diesel. It will be interesting to see how long that goes. I mean, it could go on for quite some time depending on the technical difficulty of making those fuels. And we have seen some of that like Gary alluded to it. It is not an easy task to create to make all the fuels work from a compatibility perspective. But longer term, the 3.5% weight, I’m making that not having a home for it is a much – the capital – a much more capital intensive thing to try to work through. And somebody alluded – was asking the question earlier about valuations of crude. What will be interesting is, right now, I would say these crudes are – to the extent that heavy sour and medium sour are running not – they’re not being value based on an open culture, but they’re being valued based on 3.5% weight. You could see it – you’re going to see that disconnect even get greater. I don’t know that we know – you can think about all the path to try to close that gap, but it all takes quite a bit of capital.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think a lot of uncertainty. We certainly anticipated, you’d see scrubbers come online, but it appears there’s a lot of technical issues around the scrubbers that maybe they don’t come on as fast as what we thought. And then the other area here that would uncertainty is when does some of this production that’s offline, some of these medium and heavy sour crudes, when do they come back on the market. So very difficult to give you a timeline.
Joe Gorder: But it’s...
Doug Leggate: I think you were trying to answer it, go on Joe, sorry.
Joe Gorder: It’s not a problem that’s going to get resolved very quickly. I think, again we’ve always kind of played down the whole product side of this, but I think we’ve expected more on the feedstock side. We’re seeing it in both right now, but this is going to take a while to solve.
Doug Leggate: Thanks for attempting to answer guys. I know it’s a really tough one, but obviously constructive for you guys in particular. My follow-up and either Joe or Donna, whoever wants to take this, but the balance between buybacks and dividends, specific to Valero, you’re operating better than any other refinery in the industry, frankly, in terms of your execution, you reliability, in terms of markets. You know consistency of delivering to the market, but your buyback and dividend is still pretty skewed I guess. What is the right level for that, especially as your share price goes up? I know you’ve always been pretty sensitive to buying back stock. When you get some kind of periodic strengthening in margins and obviously the industry. So do we see a step-up in the dividend or maybe a rebalancing of how you return cash? And I’ll leave it there, thanks.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I’ll let Donna talk to this. Because – I mean, Doug, obviously there is not a formulaic approach to how you do this, right. I mean, you’ve going to have your outlook for the market going forward. Obviously, we felt it has been pretty good, that’s why we’ve had a significant dividend increases. We have had – and you want to be competitive from a yield perspective, not only with your peers but with the broader market. So all those things taken into consideration, but not as far as the mix…
Donna Titzman: Yes, so I mean we do view that dividend as it is very important part of the total shareholder return, but it’s also important to us that it is sustainable. So we want it to be very competitive in the market generally and specifically against our peers. But we also want to be able to sustain that dividend through the earnings cycle. So we always continue to look at that mix. We always continue to review it.
Joe Gorder: Yes. And you noticed that we did more on the buyback side this quarter than we did the previous quarter. And we haven’t altered our approach and when we say, we look at ratability plus, we look at buying on dips and frankly we had a situation where we’re looking into a strong fourth quarter with the prospects for IMO. We said it’s a good time to buy back more shares. So that’s what we did in the third quarter. So we took advantage of an opportunity, and we’ll do that going forward.
Doug Leggate: Would we expect the buyback to slow if you did – let’s say, you were 20% higher, would you still be buying back your shares?
Joe Gorder: If we were 20% higher, it all goes to...
Doug Leggate: As you know, it’s a cyclical business obviously. So you buy back. You know at some point is going to drop again probably, so I guess, how do you respond to continue strengthening?
Joe Gorder: So, well, we are going to adhere to our 40% to 50% payout ratio. And Doug, it doesn’t make sense in this business to jostle things around on an ongoing basis. You set your target and you work to achieve and it gives you consistency, not only with what the financial markets are going to expect from you, but operationally what you can afford to invest in and how you can grow the business. And so that’s why we said this, capital allocation framework in place several years ago and we have adhered to it totally since then and it seems to work out. So don’t make any forecast dividend increases and at all, we just rely on the fact that we had told you what we’re going to do and we’re going to do it.
Doug Leggate: Great answer. Thanks Joe. Appreciate it.
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Sam Margolin: Good morning everybody, hi.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Sam.
Sam Margolin: I have a follow-up on renewable diesel actually. It’s – the location of the project you’re evaluating a Port Arthur, in the context of the comment around feedstock constraints, can you just talk a little bit about why that location is a good one? It seems like you operate in places that might have more local biomass. Are you importing or is it the marketing thing or you’re exporting? I’m asking because as this business scales be good to know just sort of the factors that you look at for performance?
Martin Parrish: Yes, this is Martin. I mean the thing that helps renewable diesel is being co-located with the refinery. So that’s probably the primary thing we’re looking at and in place where we can hit all the markets. So that really drives you to the Gulf Coast and were driven in the United States just because of the – the feedstock supply in the U.S. per installed base of renewable diesel is better than anywhere else in the world. So that’s why we’re heading to reviewing Port Arthur and doing the engineering analysis on it.
Sam Margolin: Okay, thanks. So it’s a combination of placement and feedstock, thanks. That’s helpful. And then, we’re like six weeks since the uptake stabilizer went down in Saudi, people who count the ships coming out of the Gulf see stable exports. But can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing as far as high sulfur to sour crude supply, if there’s been any change in mix from the Middle East as far as feedstock quality or crude quality that you’re seeing in the interim here as that facility gets repaired?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Sam, this is Gary. We haven’t really purchased any Saudi volume in quite some time. And so I can’t really give you a comment. We’re running some Iraqi and Kuwait. It’s primarily due to the West Coast, which has been unaffected, but we don’t see any Saudi volume coming into our system at all.
Sam Margolin: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everyone. Question on exports. So when I was looking at the numbers for last year for the third quarter, I think you guys exported over 400,000 barrels a day. This year was just a little over 300,000, is that demand pull into the U.S. Is that export weakness or is there some other factor that I’m not thinking of?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Brad. I think you kind of hit on it. The only thing I would tell you is, Port Arthur is one of our large export locations and we were doing some dredging work on the dock there, which did limit us a little bit, but the big driver was what you pointed to, that’s an optimization for us and it is demand pull and with the large life product inventory draws we saw in the U.S., we had a better net back going into the domestic markets and that’s what drove it rather than lack of demand into the export markets.
Brad Heffern: Okay, got it. And then a question on refining OpEx. So this quarter just phenomenal number was $1.1 billion. When I think back a couple of years ago it used to be in the 900s or even the high 800 sometimes. Is there any underlying factor that’s driven at higher OpEx number?
Joe Gorder: It’s easier for me to sort of compare it to year-over-year by the way rigs. Our volumes were down in the third quarter, largely we had three external power failure, then we had the storm deal with they went through and affected our Port Arthur operations. Our volumes weren’t as high as they were with these, part of that is just on per barrel basis, it’s a little bit higher and then some other thing. We’ve changed what is in and out of our operations and we did have the MLP out, now it’s back in. We have Diamond Green Diesel, which used to be in, it’s out. So there are some changes like that has occurred over time as well.
Brad Heffern: Okay, nothing structural?
Joe Gorder: No, nothing structural.
Brad Heffern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman: Yes, hi, thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to follow-up on something Roger Read asked around, the higher shipping rates. Obviously, there are some near-term volatility in those rates, but I think the market is expecting shipping rates both on the crude and product side to be structurally higher than they were in kind of the first half of this year. Can you just talk from a totality perspective for Valero, how those higher rates impact the Company’s earnings? I guess both on the product side and maybe lifting global refining margins and then also on the feedstock side in higher blended feedstock costs? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Sure. I’ll start on the feedstock side. Obviously with the – we’ve been running, we’re running a lot of pipeline delivered crude and then a lot of the barrels were getting over the water, short haul barrel. So we don’t see a big impact on our feedstock costs and similarly on the products, the barrels are going in the domestic markets, or we export to fairly short haul locations in Mexico and South America. So not a material impact. Some of the long-haul barrels that we do run, we do have some freight protection on those as well, which helps. Obviously, the big thing that we’ve seen is been positive to the business, as freight rates is spiked, Joe mentioned in his opening comments that the Brent TI spread had come in with the pipeline capacity coming online, but with the freight rates spiking we’ve seen Brent TI blow back out some and back over $5, which obviously gives U.S. refining a significant advantage on running light sweet crude. And as I mentioned previously into our export location, when you’re going to Mexico, the higher freight rates actually give us a competitive advantage over some of our global refining competitors trying to import to those markets.
Jason Gabelman: All right, thanks for that. I appreciate that color. And then if I could ask just on the Syncrude marketing kind of the northern crude market, because I know you guys run a decent amount Syncrude to Quebec. It seems like there’s going to be some changes in the balances in terms of and operator maybe using less Syncrude for diluent and then the Northwest refinery up there switching from running Syncrude to WCS. Do you see a shift in kind of the pricing paradigm for Syncrude and maybe that bleeding into Bakken, emerging over the next few months into 2020?
Gary Simmons: Well, it’s interesting. Syncrude obviously in an IMO environment could be a premium price crude. So we have a lot of optimization opportunities on what we spent through line nine and I think our view would probably see – we see a little bit more Bakken than we see syn going to Quebec as we move forward in an IMO environment.
Jason Gabelman: All right, thanks a lot.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Flam with Simmons Energy. Your line is now open.
Patrick Flam: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. My first question is basically, I was hoping you guys could frame up your thoughts around the recent proposed changes to the RFS program. Obviously, you guys are partially hedged to any changes by way of your ethanol and bio-diesel operations, but it seems like any reallocation of volumes lost to small refinery exemptions, would kind of come back on you as a larger operators? I was hoping you could give some context to those changes politically?
Joe Gorder: All right. Jason is on.
Jason Fraser: Yes, hi, this is Jason. You’re right. On October 15th, the EPA released their supplemental RVO asking for public comment on, included in the formula the prior three years average of SREs, but the DOE recommended be granted. I know that a lot of words there. That’d be about 580 million gallons or 770 million gallons. To put it on which prior three years to use and they ask for comments on both. And then these obligations will be reobligated on the other non-exempt refiners in addition to your normal share. You should get what you already get and then you get this on top. So our industry and many members of Congress have been clear that reallocating SREs on the other obligated parties like this is unworkable and we view it as a violation of fundamental fairness to those of us who already bearing our burden onto the program. It then may also be illegal. It’s especially frustrating because it has been shown time and again by the EIA on data that granting this SREs in the past, as they’ve done it with no reallocation has no negative effect on ethanol blending on actual liquid volume they got moved, but this is simply no real ethanol demand destruction.
Joe Gorder: So the reallocation, he was asking about the impact of the reallocation on us, so the SREs, I mean it obviously is going to cost more for us to comply with a larger volume obligation. It’s not, I wouldn’t call it material, but if it was $0.01, we wouldn’t like it. So anyway, we’re going to do what we can to help deal with this.
Patrick Flam: Okay, great, that’s very helpful. Thank you. My second question is kind of a more detailed question back on the Diamond Green Diesel segment. It appears that in the third quarter sales volume came in pretty low and in order to meet that 750,000 gallons a day, full-year target, it seems like the fourth quarter will have to step up pretty materially. Is there any context, you can give around why that might be the case?
Jason Fraser: We had guidance for the full year of 750,000 and we still expect to make that. We expect a strong fourth quarter. We had a scheduled catalyst change in the third quarter and that’s why we guided the 750,000 gallons per day for the year to begin with. So we feel pretty good about the numbers.
Patrick Flam: Okay, great. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor Pickering Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning everyone. I was hoping you could give a sense of how your 2020 turnaround schedule compares to 2019?
Lane Riggs: Hi, Matthew. This is Lane Riggs. We don’t give any real forward guidance to our turnaround schedule of the policy.
Matthew Blair: Okay. And then West Coast cracks got off to a great start in Q4, it have come down a little bit here. How have your two California refineries run so far this quarter and would you expect to capture all this upside?
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane again. We ran pretty – we ran well and we continue to run well. We had one small blip on our San Francisco area refinery, but other than that it wasn’t that meaningful to the performance around, they’ve been for run a pretty well through all this.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: I’m showing no further questions in queue at this time. I’d like to turn the call back to Mr. Bhuller for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks guys. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, please feel free to reach out to the IR team if you have any further questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Homer Bhullar, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that we had good operating performance in the second quarter despite having major turnarounds at our Houston, Memphis and Benicia refineries. We ran reliably during the quarter with very limited unplanned downtime. Gasoline cracks improved significantly in the second quarter relative to the first quarter in all regions boosting refining margins. However, the supplies of medium and heavy sour crude oils remained limited due to continued Venezuelan and Iranian sanctions and OPEC production curtailments resulting in narrower crude discounts for those grades relative to Brent crude oil. As a result, we optimized our system with additional domestic light sweet, Canadian heavy and Latin American crude oils. In fact, we set another record for Canadian heavy crude oil runs this quarter with over 190,000 barrels per day. Turning to our renewable segments, the ethanol business generated positive operating income, despite a weak margin environment. And our growing renewable diesel business continues to generate strong results due to the high demand for renewable diesel. We continue to deliver on our commitment to grow Valero's earnings capability through organic growth investments. We successfully completed the Houston alkylation unit project in the second quarter as scheduled and on budget. This project is now allowing us to upgrade low-cost and abundant natural gas liquids and refinery olefins to produce a premium alkylate product. And we continue to make progress on the Central Texas pipelines and terminals project, which remains on track to be fully operational in the third quarter of this year. Looking at organic growth beyond this year, we have a steady pipeline of projects to enhance the margin profitability of our portfolio. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit and Pembroke cogeneration unit are expected to be completed in 2020. And the Diamond Green Diesel expansion and Port Arthur Coker are expected to be completed in late 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged with an annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 at approximately $2.5 billion with growth capital targeting projects with high returns that are focused on operating cost control, market expansion and margin improvement. With respect to cash returns to stockholders, we continue to target an annual payout ratio of 40% to 50%. In the second quarter, we paid out $588 million to stockholders bringing the year-to-date total payout ratio to 50% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. Looking ahead, we're optimistic for the balance of the year with fundamentals supporting continued, healthy product demand. Vehicle miles traveled continues to increase year-over-year, and we expect positive market impacts from the IMO 2020 implementation as bunker fuel terminals transition to lower-sulfur fuel oil. With our high complexity refineries, we believe that we're well-positioned to take advantage of the expected wider differentials for heavy crude oils and higher product cracks. Lastly, we remain committed to disciplined growth and to delivering long-term value to our stockholders through exceptional and environmentally responsible operations. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Joe. For the second quarter of 2019, net income attributable to Valero's stockholders was $612 million or $1.47 per share compared to $845 million or $1.96 per share in the second quarter of 2018. Second quarter 2019 adjusted net income attributable to Valero's stockholders was $629 million or $1.51 per share compared to $928 million or $2.15 per share for the second quarter of 2018. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany this release. Operating income for the refining segment in the second quarter of 2019 was $1 billion compared to $1.4 billion for the second quarter of 2018. The decrease from the second quarter of 2018 was mainly attributed to significantly narrower medium and heavy sour crude oil differentials relative to Brent crude oil. Refining throughput volumes averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was 70,000 barrels per day higher than the second quarter of 2018. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the second quarter of 2019. Refining cash operating expenses for the second quarter of 2019 were $3.80 per barrel, in line with the second quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $7 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2019 compared to $43 million in the second quarter of 2018. The decrease from the second quarter of 2018 was primarily due to higher corn prices. Ethanol production volumes averaged 4.5 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2019, an increase of 531,000 gallons per day versus the second quarter of 2018, primarily due to added production from the three ethanol plants acquired in November 2018. The renewable diesel segment generated $77 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2019 compared to $30 million in the second quarter of 2018. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 769,000 gallons per day in the second quarter of 2019, an increase of 387,000 gallons per day versus the second quarter of 2018. The increase in operating income and sales volumes were primarily due to the expansion of the Diamond Green Diesel plant in the third quarter of 2018. For the second quarter of 2019, general and administrative expenses were $199 million and net interest expense was $112 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $566 million and income tax expense was $160 million in the second quarter of 2019. The effective tax rate was 20%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $9.5 billion, and cash and cash equivalents were $2 billion. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 26%. At the end of June, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. With regard to investing activities, we made $740 million of capital investments in the second quarter of 2019, of which approximately $510 million was for sustaining the business, including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.5 billion in the second quarter. Excluding the impact from the change in working capital during the quarter, adjusted net cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 billion. Moving to financing activities. We returned $588 million to our stockholders in the second quarter. $376 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 2.6 million shares of Valero common stock. This brings our year-to-date return to stockholders to $1 billion and the total payout ratio to 50% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As of June 30, we had approximately $2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to expect annual capital investments for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion with approximately 60% allocating to sustaining the business and approximately 40% to growth. The $2.5 billion includes expenditures for turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.71 million to 1.76 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 255,000 to 275,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 460,000 to 480,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4.05 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.3 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon, which includes $0.06 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volumes to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2019. Operating expenses in 2019 should be $0.45 per gallon, which includes $0.16 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2019, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $840 million. The annual effective tax rate is still estimated at 23%. For the third quarter, net interest expense should be $114 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $560 million. Lastly, we still expect the RINs expense for the year to be between $300 million and $400 million. That concludes our opening remarks. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Manav Gupta from Crédit Suisse.
Manav Gupta: Congrats on the good quarter. We understand that Brent Maya is a little tight right now. But when we look at the forward curves of Brent and 3% credit spread on Bloomberg, we assumed about a $8.50 or $9 widening in the next six months. Now since HSFO makes up 40% of the Maya pricing formula, mathematically, it translates to about $3 to $4 widening of Brent Maya. So, could the Brent Maya easily be $10, just following the pricing formula as it exists today or do you think Pemex, et cetera, try and step in and try and change the formula and get rid of high sulfur fuel oil pricing from the formula?
Joseph Gorder: Manav, that's a really good question. Why don't we let Gary give you some insight into that?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Manav, so I guess I'll answer the question on the formula first. Our discussions with PMI would indicate that they will change the formula in the coming weeks. So, we do expect a change in the formula. However, we do hold to your view on where heavy sour discounts are going. If you look at where Maya is today and the backwardation in the high sulfur fuel oil market, it would tell you around a $3 discount from where heavy sour discounts are today. And then if you look at the Western Canadian Select quote in the Gulf, even today, Western Canadian Select is discounted 15% to Brent, which is a good discount, even if you compare it to domestic light sweet alternatives such as MEH. Western Canadian Select is trading at 11% discount to MEH. The forward market on the Canadian side, at least there's trade being done in the fourth quarter already, and you're seeing Western Canadian Select discount at around $2.50 in the fourth quarter already. So that's pretty close to the $3 number that you were looking at.
Manav Gupta: A quick follow-up sticking to the Western Canadian Select. A Canadian major about 25 minutes ago on their call said that if deal with the government is struck, they could see rail ramping by 250,000 to 300,000 barrels by year-end. So that's a massive volume of crude landing in the Gulf Coast. I'm just trying to understand if this WCS does land on the Gulf Coast by year-end or, let's say, early 2020, can you seamlessly switch between WCS, Maya or any heavy grades that you were running?
Gary Simmons: Yes, pretty much. And we've had discussions and would concur with that view that the rail volume will be ramping up and had a lot of discussions with producers. And we take that into our Port Arthur refinery, and it pretty much is a direct replacement for Maya.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate: Joe, last time you and I sat down, we talked about your underappreciated, let's say, flexibility on light crude. My question is obviously the alky units helping a little bit on NGLs. But as we look into the second half of this year and then into 2020, the ramp up, the expected ramp up from the Permian, it was coming with a lot of question marks over what the gravity of that crude is going to look like and the potential for an renewed period of, let's say, dislocations in pricing. I'm just curious if you could talk through what Valero's opportunity would be in that situation. Could you take advantage of that? Or obviously, your complex system is -- folks normally think about you as advantaged by things like WCS. I'm curious as to whether you could exploit that opportunity as well. I've got a follow-up, please.
Gary Simmons: Doug, this is Gary again. So, we certainly are maximizing light sweet into the system. In the second quarter, we used about 89% of our available capacity, and really, what was left on the table was primarily due to turnaround activity. As we move forward, we expect to utilize all of that. As the gravity gets lighter, we are seeing this WTL "coming out," which is a lighter grade of WTI. We started running some of that in Three Rivers. I think in the second quarter, we ran 5,000 to 10,000 barrels a day of that, and we've also purchased some for future runs at Memphis. I think we're scheduled to run about 40,000 barrels a day of WTL in Memphis in September. So, we're certainly moving in that direction and watching the spreads, and the discount is there. We have a lot of flexibility being able to take it into our system.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. Are you retooling, Gary? Or are you pretty much just flexing within the constraints of the system?
Gary Simmons: It is pretty much within the constraints of the system. However, the new toppers we built at Corpus and Houston give us a lot more flexibility in this area.
Douglas Leggate: Great stuff. My follow-up -- go ahead, Joe.
Joseph Gorder: I think that's -- Doug, our position on that, when we're going to expand our saturation gas plant at Port Arthur as a part of the coker project. So, in 2022, we'll also have an increased capability to run light sweet.
Douglas Leggate: Okay. I have no doubt that you guys will be taking advantage where you can. My follow-up is, Joe, is really more of a macro question. This time last year, the optimism was perhaps a little egregious on IMO impacts. Have you seen anything yet in terms of turning tanks or indicated demand? There seems to be a lot of news coming out of pretty much a lot of international refiners on the compliant fuels that they are now able to supply. Has your expectation for the impact of IMO on distillate margins eased any? Or are you still pretty constructive on the disruptive impact as we go into next year? And I'll leave it there.
Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Doug. And I mean, I guess our view all along has been that we would probably start to see something third -- late third to fourth quarter of this year. It's been interesting, Doug, that the forward markets really haven't reflected the distillate impact. I think we're starting to see it in other places, but do you guys want to share your views?
Gary Simmons: No, I think you are seeing people start to turn tanks, and that's one of the reasons you see high sulfur fuel oil strength, is it's just a not a very liquid market today and ships are having trouble actually buying high sulfur fuel oil, which is bidding that market up today, so you see the steep backwardation as we approach that January time line. And I agree with Joe, all the estimates I still see show a fairly significant step change in diesel demand when the IMO bunker spec changes, and it's not reflected in the forward curve today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup.
Prashant Rao: I wanted to touch back on the Western Canadian Select availability. 190,000 barrels per day in this quarter is still running strong there. And as we expect that discount to widen with rail hitting the Gulf, I wanted to get a sense of your ability to lean into that a bit more. How much could you ramp beyond the 190,000? And as you're looking at incremental rail contract, what sort of -- give us some idea what sort of duration maybe you're thinking? Or do you have the contracting -- contract in hand you need and we're just going to see that sort of flex up in the numbers as we go forward as you take advantage of those discounts?
Gary Simmons: Yes. We have a lot of flexibility to run the heavy Canadian. We're primarily advantaged to run it at our Texas City and Port Arthur refinery just because we have the best logistics to be able to get into those two assets. Between those two refineries, probably a capacity about 300,000 barrels a day today to process it. We can run about 50,000 a day at St. Charles, and we could run some at Corpus Christi as well, but again, the logistics of getting that in are more challenged. On the rail side, we continue to work with producers, and we're doing deals on a delivered basis, whereas in the past we were buying barrels in Western Canada and shipping them ourselves, and that volume will continue to ramp up as we get those deals done.
Prashant Rao: Okay. It's very helpful. And then just switching back on sort of a bigger picture question. With the Houston alky project getting completed, I wanted to take a step back and get your views on where you guys are finding the whole system in the country stands in terms of Tier 3 compliance. I think we're getting the Seymour teams. There has been so much that we're looking at and refining in terms of the macro. So, a few questions that may be concerns about how tight octane is going to get by the time we get to 1Q '20. Just your updated views at what you -- how you think the system stands today in terms of the progress we're making. And then, I guess, relatively speaking, where your position is relative to that? It feels like you'd be advantaged in that kind of a tight octane market. But any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So, we've always had a strategic outlook that octane was going to get more valuable as Tier 3 matured and finally came to us ahead here at the end of the year and combined that with sort of cheap NGLs. That was the reason we did these projects and they're coming online at exactly the right time. You were definitely seeing -- we believe we're seeing octane get more and more expensive. In terms of where the industry is on a Tier 3 compliance, we're trying to -- we're looking at that ourselves. But if you look at us as a proxy for that, we still have three units that have to come online by the end of the year. So, there's still some more octane disruption in the industry ahead of us.
Joseph Gorder: I mean, people's implementation though has been, I would say, somewhat muted or delayed as...
Lane Riggs: Been using credits.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, they were using credits. And to the extent you could use credits, you defer the capital, but now we're getting to the point where the rubber meets the road, and it's going to be a lot of makeup activity or we are going to see this spread continue to expand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley.
Benny Wong: Just wanted to ask about the capture rate in the second quarter. It's particularly weak in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Understand the light/heavy differentials probably contribute to that. But just wanted to get a sense if there's any other factors weighing on that. If there is any risk of those factors persisting. And conversely, in North Atlantic, the capture is really strong. It has been strong for a couple quarters. Just wanted to get a sense is it Europe or U.S. driving that, and should we expect a higher capture level going forward?
Lane Riggs: Benny, this is Lane. And for Prashant, I'm sorry, a while ago, I called you Benny. So -- and the Gulf Coast is a good proxy for what -- in terms of capture rate, we're down about 20% year-over-year. About 10% to maybe 12% of that is crude differentials, some of it's ours, some of it's just quality. But the remaining 7% to 8% is non-gasoline products. Everybody sort of talks about naphtha and how cheap it is, but the other products that are also discounted year-over-year are propylene and propane. So, you can sort of come to your own conclusion about what direction propylene is going to, and obviously propane, NGLs are just getting cheaper and cheaper or follow the oil shale. We're still optimistic that -- and the rest of it's -- we're optimistic that, as Gary alluded to, that IMO 2020 will help improve the medium and heavy sour discounts in terms of where naphtha is going and propylene is going. I mean, they are probably structurally pretty weak for at least some period of time here. And then on the Line 9 or Atlantic, really what you're seeing on the North Atlantic capture rate is our continued advantaged position on our Line 9 crudes.
Benny Wong: Got it. Appreciate the color there. My follow-up is really, one of your peers has been talking about, just preparing ahead of IMO 2020 was really looking to take advantage of slack coking capacity within their system and maybe redirecting excess fuel oils from one part of the portfolio into other areas where there might be excess capacity. Is this something that you guys looked at within your portfolio? Or is there an opportunity for that? Seems like more of a logistical optimization exercise, just curious is that something that you guys looked at?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I guess, what you're saying is where we have fuel oil length potentially taking it to open coking capacity. Is that the question?
Benny Wong: Yes. Essentially, the question is do you guys have some areas where you have slack coking capacity and if there are areas where you have fuel oil length, exactly what you're saying.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, we don't make much oil in our system, and we pretty much keep our coking capacity full. We are providing some flexibility with the Port Arthur coking project to take some fuel oil we produce at Meraux and potentially run it in the Port Arthur Coker when it's expanded.
Lane Riggs: To Gary's point, what you'll actually see -- so we plan to be full at both coker and like he said, we don't make much fuel oils in the system. But what it does do is it competes, just like some of the long resid today that competes for crude capacity, and that we do believe you're going to see more and more of that, as some of these blending components that run 3.5% to 8% fuel oil will ultimately have to probably get ran through crude units and compete with other medium and heavy sour crude. That's obviously why we feel pretty good about the cost of feedstock from here going into next year as a result of IMO 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: Lane, can I ask you a follow-up about the capture rate impact and naphtha, because you sort of touched on something that's swirling around the market. Was there anything -- were you producing sort of excess naphtha or LPGs for any reason besides just an increase in light crude throughput in the Gulf Coast? Was there something coming out of the 1Q turnaround or something having to do with the 2Q turnaround at Houston that exacerbated the capture rate impact of the commodity dispersion that you quoted with naphtha and LPGs?
Lane Riggs: Not really. I mean, we did have the turnarounds and so have to go back. And if anything, we would have run more crude and had more naphtha. And our reformers were full. Right now, one of the most economic units in addition to alky is our reformer. And so, we would have had our reformer signaled full. So, I'd have to go look and see what the balance was on naphtha, but we weren't -- directionally, it's just we make the -- we have a position on naphtha, and it goes if we get longer, is we run more and more light sweet crude.
Gary Simmons: I think exactly. It's really more of a function of the crude diet and then the other factors. A lot of the U.S. Gulf Coast naphtha was going to Venezuela and diluent. And so certainly, as that has shut off, it's caused naphtha to get weaker.
Sam Margolin: Okay. And then this is sort of an IMO question. There's some reports that bring up here and there about heavy sweet crude pricing. It's pretty scarce, and this isn't the case everywhere heavy sweet is available, but it's printing at some pretty wide premiums to Brent in certain locations. Is this an IMO signal? Or is this like an idiosyncratic weird crude that just trades off-spec and doesn't mean anything?
Lane Riggs: Gary and I will tag-team this. I think a lot of those crudes are either from Angola or Brazil. And they have -- it's going to be interesting to see how they fit in the IMO 2020 universe. I mean, there's some belief that you can burn directly. I mean, I'm not sure that's the highest value for them necessarily, but -- and there is some substitution effect as you're seeing some of these heavy sour crudes come off, they -- these are substitute crudes for coking refineries. And so, they've certainly gotten the word that's not necessarily the best grade. But if you look at the things they have is they don't have a lot of naphtha in them. So, I mean, it's the world just sort of resorting out that quality.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think that's a lot of what you see today, is as people have pushed a lot more the light sweet, they're getting loaded up on the top end of their distillation column and some of these medium sweets allow them to push rate as long as the crack spreads are strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: First question is around renewable diesel. And just trying to figure out how we should think about this business in the context of Valero. How big do you want it to be? And related to the segment, there's some big swings on profitability. One could be a Blender's Tax Credit. The other is how you see the low-carbon fuel standard playing out in California. So just some -- any high-level thoughts on the segment. How you see it playing out over time? And then how we should think about some of the swings that could drive some upside optionality on the profitability here?
Martin Parrish: Neil, this is Martin. We expect low-carbon fuel mandates to grow across the globe. In Europe, you've got the Renewable Energy Directive now out to 2030. You got the low-carbon fuel standard in California out to 2030. There's talk, on again and off again about Canada adopting the standard. So, we're bullish on this and we're actively evaluating opportunities for expansion where they make sense. As far as the Blender's Tax Credit, obviously, if that comes in, that's a big upside for us. If it doesn't, we're still in good shape. We did a $1.26 EBITDA in this last -- second quarter with no Blender's Tax Credit. If you look in California, they are already blending at 10% renewable diesel. There is really no limit to where you can get with renewable diesel, meets the same specs as hydrocarbon diesel. So, we feel good about the prospects. We've got a great partner with Darling that's -- for the feedstock procurement and the front-end processing. So, we plan to keep growing the business.
Joseph Gorder: Jason, anything on the Blender's Tax Credit?
Jason Fraser: Yes. I'll be glad to talk about that. As you all probably know, the Blender's Tax Credit expired at the end of 2017, and both the Senate and the House tax-writing committees are looking at bills to extend it. They've got a bill that will extend two years in the Senate, and the House has a bill that will extend it for three years. And we believe it's going to get -- we're not sure exactly how it will get done or which bill it will get attached to, but we're confident it will get done by the end of the year. That's certainly our expectation, likely through the appropriations process that takes place this fall.
Neil Mehta: That's great. It's an interesting business. The other one -- it's been a while since we've asked about RINs here. They have kind of picked their head back up in terms of the D6 RINs price. Not enough for us to get super concerned, but something at least to watch from the periphery. So just any thoughts in terms of how we should think about the RINs market from here, especially because there is uncertainty around the degree of waivers for small refinery exemptions here in 2019.
Jason Fraser: Yes, sure. This is Jason. I'll give you our update on some of the recent developments on the RFS front. On June 15, the EPA published their final rule, which granted the 1-pound RVP waiver to E15 year round and also made some limited market reforms to the RIN market. We don't think either of those is really going to radically change the landscape. There are many reasons E15 hadn't taken off in the past, and those are still here, even with the RVP waiver, like concerns about using it in older cars, potential capital requirements at stations. And we also understand there will probably be a legal challenge to whether the EPA has authority to grant that waiver as well. So that's going to be an additional wait on the market as people wait and see if the waiver is going to -- or the additional waiver holds up, which will -- but there is definitely some question about whether the EPA has the authority to do that or whether it has to be done by Congress. And as for the RIN market reforms the EPA adopted, which are really just a public disclosure when a company goes over a certain RIN holding threshold, and then adding some data reporting requirements. We don't think they're going to make much of a difference. It's really inadequate to improve the functioning of the RIN market a lot. So, the bottom line is we don't think either of those is going to be a dramatic effect on the RIN market. Regarding small refiner waivers, which you mentioned, there's been a lot of discussion in the press about them lately. The biofuel lobby has been aggressively pushing to not have them granted this year. And this is despite multiple studies that show the SREs haven't led to any real biofuel demand destruction. But that SRE process is very well established as part of the RFS statute, and the EPA has gotten guidance from Congress as well as several court cases on how to administer them. So, we're confident the EPA is going to continue to follow the law and hopefully will be announcing their decisions on the 2018 applications soon. We think from their website they have about 38 applications pending for 2018.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Philip Gresh: A couple quick ones here. One is as we continue to see these increased flows out of the Permian to Texas Gulf Coast of light sweet crude, how are you envisioning things playing out in Corpus Christi, given the inflow versus outflow situation there and the timing of certain export terminals?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Phil, our focus here is really to have been -- get connected to all the lines that make their way to Corpus, and we made a lot of progress there. So, we can receive pretty much all of the lines that are coming in. And then we've also doing some dock work at Corpus to where we can export more to Québec and Pembroke and that work will be finished in the fourth quarter as well, which will give us more control on that supply chain on exports into our system. I really can't comment too much on it. I guess what you're kind of asking more about is, is there enough dock capacity to clear the oil? And I don't know that I have a lot of insight whether that's the case or not.
Philip Gresh: Okay. Second question would just be around the grade of crude that's going to be coming down those pipelines, a lot more of the West Texas light that everyone has been talking about. Just kind of wondering how you think about running that grade of crude through your system versus more of a WTI grade. What capacity you might have to run West Texas light? And given Lane's comments just around the lightening of the crude slate and the impact that has on NGL and naphtha margins coming out, is that something that you consider as you think about what type of crude you want to run?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Phil, it's just all a matter of price. We have plenty of capacity to be able to process the barrel. Historically, we've seen a lot of the light material that makes its way to the Gulf price such that we don't have an economic incentive to run it, and it goes to the export market. Some of the WTL that's been making its way to Corpus has been pricing at $1.25 type discount to MEH. And so, we've seen some incentive to buy it. And if that's the case, we certainly have a lot of capacity to run it, but it will depend on how its prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess maybe -- come back, Lane, to your comments about the Gulf Coast and the light/heavy differentials impact that's had. But it was interesting to me in the quarter year-over-year, you actually had a better distillate yield relative to gasoline yield despite, I guess, running a somewhat lighter slate. So, I just wonder if you could kind of give us an idea of how that's happened because it seems a little contrary to the kind of the conventional wisdom, run more lights, get more gasoline? And then maybe how that tied in also to the issue with the excess naphtha? I'm just trying to kind of understand how it seems like you're running a better heavy slate in terms of product with a lighter yield, yet the lights caught you on the capture in the end.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, Roger, what I would say is we did have the FCC down in Houston -- the whole FCC Houston alky complex was down from -- a big chunk of the quarter, so consequently, our gasoline production was off. In terms of naphtha, we are -- again, with the signal's been max reformer the whole time. So, as you increment into the light sweet, it leads to us, and I believe the industry is in the same spot, as you run more and more light sweet, more of it has to be exported, and ultimately, it clears in the Far East. And so, it doesn't go in the gasoline. Now there will be, and I'm sure part of what's happening right now with this Tier 3 is saturating the gasoline and lowering octane and there's just an abundance of naphtha, everybody is trying to figure out a way to get naphtha back into the gasoline pool. But you need octane to do that. And right now, the industry is trying to get that -- figure out that balance as again, as Tier 3 is getting acclimated.
Roger Read: Okay. Maybe as a quick follow-up on that. What or who or where is our best incremental source of octane outside of the U.S.?
Gary Simmons: Well, that's a good question. We've seen some imports, but I can't tell you exactly where that's coming from. Historically, India excesses alkylate, and we see some trade flow of barrels from India coming over. The other thing you see today is that either toluene and xylene is using as a gasoline blend component, with where its prices, you have an incentive to blend naphtha with toluene to make gasoline. So that's another source of octane.
Lane Riggs: To Gary's point, the issue you have around that, at some point on the reformulated gasoline fuels, you'll read a toxic limit. That's where alkylate is really important. It allows you -- as you get more alkylate in the pool, it allows you to incrementally raise the amount of aromatics in the gasoline as well. But yes.
Roger Read: We could probably spend the whole call on these kind of intricacies.
Lane Riggs: That was -- yes, exactly.
Roger Read: As a follow-up question, ethanol, really weak. You did the acquisition -- I don't remember if it closed into the very beginning of the year or very end of last year, but it's been a tough period here in ethanol. We've seen some competitors shutting down some of their plants and refinancing their companies and everything. Obviously, your size, you're not worried about making it through the process. But I was just wondering light at the end of the tunnel, is that a 2020 thing? Is it -- we have to know how the '19 corn crop turned out? Is it the trade issues with China? Can maybe an order of what matters in magnitude of those events, if you could?
Martin Parrish: Roger, this is Martin. Yes. If you look at the -- this is the latest corn crop really in the history of the record, which goes back 40 years. So, you've got the latest corn crop and right now, so the December CBOT price was $3.70 a bushel in early May, went to $4.70 a bushel by mid-June. Now it's back down to about $4.30. So, there's just a lot of uncertainty how big is the crop. And what really matters is the carryout at the end of this 2019 crop year. And nobody knows at this point. There's still weather that could impact it. So, it's going to be hard to have real big ethanol margins for this crop here in the U.S. Now obviously if China opens up, that helps a lot. That's a little different story, right. They have a 10% mandate, and that would make a big difference on the exports right away. Absent that, you're going to see -- you saw our forward guidance is lower than we ran. So, we're going to trim a little bit. A lot of people are going to have to trim more. We've got a great fleet. In the long term, when you're relying on a crop, these things happen, right? We've had five years now where yields have been above trend and then due for one below it. So, we'll get through this. Obviously, we're still bullish about ethanol. Long term, it's a great octane component. It's part of the fuel mix to stay, so we'll be there with it.
Joseph Gorder: Two things I would add to what Martin said. First of all, the industry is just overproduced for what it is today. That's the fundamental problem here. So, what have we done? Well, we have ramped up exports as an industry, and that's where tariffs become a factor in these things. And it takes a while in the developed markets, but we have been, Valero has been very aggressive in exporting ethanol and we'll continue to be aggressive going forward. The other thing, and Jason spoke to this earlier, was the whole E15 issue. The ethanol industry broadly has this notion allowing E15, which as we said will be challenged, is going to solve some of this problem. Frankly, I think the solution to this problem is a higher octane fuel that helps with CAFE, and it could be a nationwide standard like 95 RON. It would require more ethanol to be blended into the fuel mix. It would take all the arguments out of what types of fuel we're going to produce in market broadly. And if we could just get everybody synced up. This is one of the things where amazingly, the autos are on board, the retail marketers are on board, refiners are okay with this. And in the ethanol industry, we've seen that this was a good solution to this problem that we're facing. Perhaps we could make some progress, but there is a genuine distrust, and we're going to have to get over that. But we will continue to bash away on this, because I agree with Martin. Ethanol is going to be part of the fuel mix for a very long time, and it will recover.
Roger Read: Yes, probably part of the problem of building it on a mandate as opposed to a market incentive to pull more product in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotia Howard Weil.
Joseph Gorder: Is this Paul Cheng?
Paul Cheng: Believe or not. Two quick questions. Maybe this is either for Lane or Gary. I know that you guys don't produce a lot of resid, but when you're looking at the bunker fuel market, going into the very low sulfur fuel oil, do you know or that -- I mean, how are you guys going to go around to get there? I mean, are you going to take the VGO or that you're trying to brand the high sulfur fuel oil into that? And what do you think the industry approach is going to be?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Paul, we've been working very hard to develop low sulfur fuel oil blends. We work with several shipping companies. We currently have, I think, three shipping companies burning our low sulfur fuel oil blend. So, we've been working hard to be able to produce compliant fuel.
Paul Cheng: Gary, can you share with us that -- I mean, what is the path or the approach that you guys take? Because it seems like it's very, very inefficient to trying to use the high sulfur fuel oil and blend it with the ultra-low sulfur diesel into that. Seems like that it more makes sense to using the VGO. But if that's the case, we will have a major problem of the much lower gasoline yield?
Gary Simmons: Yes. That's exactly right, Paul. So, what we're looking at is some of these low sulfur heavy streams that we typically run through to tack crackers, taking some of those barrels out and being able to blend compliant low sulfur fuel oil with those rather than taking a high sulfur fuel oil stream.
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane. The two places that we're doing that really are Pembroke and Québec, and we really don't start with a high sulfur resid. We start with something that's maybe a moderate sulfur and it depends on the crude economics, and then we start blending it up.
Paul Cheng: I see. Gary and Lane, that you guys -- for the industry as a whole, do you think how much is the VGO they are going to take out for this purpose?
Lane Riggs: I don't know that we have a macro view of that. But we've sort of talked all along about this idea that VGO at some point will have to maintain its parity into an FCC or the gasoline and obviously, back to this low sulfur fuel oil market. And therefore, it's supportive of gasoline, to your point earlier. It will essentially cause -- it's a linkage between FCC economics and then just straight up low sulfur fuel oil into the bunker market, which is going to be connected with diesel. So, I think a lot of people thought they'd be disconnected, but they're not. It's really through the VGO. But in terms of how much, there are compatibility issues. There's all sorts of things around this that everybody is working on, and we'll just have to see how much of it -- how much you can get into the blends.
Paul Cheng: A final question. I mean, even if we can fix the -- diesel issue, I mean, that the resulting high sulfur fuel oil seems like is still going to be a problem. Do you guys have -- I mean, you don't produce it, and indeed, you are a net buyer of the resid. So, if resid price crashed down to zero, it would be great for you. Any idea that -- I mean, what is really the alternative use that we can do with all the excess high sulfur resid?
Lane Riggs: It's primarily power generation that's for the other -- and we don’t know the market depth of that or how much can be absorbed. I think it all depends on OPEC and how much it produces and how much substitution they can do. Instead of where they were burning crude, they can burn some of these high sulfur fuel oil. Our belief is that it's still long. Particularly once OPEC starts recovering in their production, that's why we're not -- we feel good about our assets in light of this problem that you're talking about.
Paul Cheng: Lane, how easy for the industry be able to feed the high sulfur resid back into the coker and use it as a feed? I mean, you guys don't -- already doing some, but the industry as a whole, do we have a lot of opportunity doing that?
Lane Riggs: I think everybody is on a learning curve on that. We've been doing it a long time. We run a lot of resids. So, we have a pretty good understanding. The issue you get into is you've got to find a way to run it and maintain your defaulter operation that's heavier, it doesn't have the light stuff, so you don't get good mixing. And there is other challenges. It depends on the configuration of the refinery. And I'm sure as it gets distressed in the marketplace, there will be a lot of -- there will be -- everybody will try to accelerate and figure out how much they can run.
Joseph Gorder: Paul, it was good to see -- hear you back, and you were true to form.
Operator: Our next question comes from Patrick Flam with Simmons Energy.
Patrick Flam: I really wanted to ask you about capital spending trends so far this year. If I'm doing my math right, it looks like you've spent about $1.5 billion so far out of the $2.5 billion 2019 target, which implies to me that your spending is going to drop off into the second half of the year. I was hoping you could just walk me through the moving pieces there. And if this is a reflection of lower turnaround activity levels or lower project spending or whatever those pieces might be?
Lane Riggs: It's both. This is Lane. It's both of those. We've had a pretty heavy turnaround period, and we don't have nearly as much turnaround activity for the rest of the year. And then two, you're just not as productive those last 2 or 3 months of the year because of all the holidays. So, it's really a combination of that.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. It's not that unusual to find ourselves in this situation. I mean, and things will move a little bit within this. Sometimes we're slightly below, sometimes we're above, but I mean, the $2.5 billion number is just kind of our nominal expectation what we're going to spend. And again, you kind of do it as you have to, so.
Lane Riggs: Well, and to that point, I mean, when we had the tube leak at Benicia, that was the turnaround that we had planned in the first quarter of 2020, that we had to bring into this year. So, we had to bring on a number -- $80 million or $90 million of turnaround spend from one year to the next. And so, some things like that can happen.
Patrick Flam: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. My follow-up question is essentially -- I know you guys aren't directly impacted by this, but I was hoping you could frame up any expectations you have for longer-term market impact from the potential closure of the PES refinery on the East Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So obviously it's going to tighten the market there, 350,000 barrel a day refinery. That refinery produced a lot of premium gasoline, 35,000 barrels a day of premium gasoline, and our strategy in that region has been able to supply the market primarily from Pembroke. And so, we have good logistics assets in place to be able to take advantage of that short. And Pembroke is a refinery that has a lot of capability to produce octane, and so that's primarily what we're working on today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with Cowen.
Jason Gabelman: I actually wanted to follow up on the Philadelphia Energy refinery closure. So obviously, gasoline margins strengthened off the fire and have come back a bit. And I'm wondering what you attribute the increase to and if you think that's going to be sustained through 3Q. It seems like there's a lot of gasoline supply in the market. So, I wonder if it's a matter of months those imports kind of hit the East Coast, margins are going to fall back off or maybe there is somewhat of an octane shortage that could support gasoline margins through the rest of 3Q? And I have a follow-up.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. I think our view is, if you look at the DOE stats for the last couple of weeks, it looks like demand has been down. But our view is that demand will be revised back upward and that you'll see actually net exports fall off. And a lot of that is the reason that you pointed to. After the fire and announced closure, you had a $0.03 a gallon open ARB to ship gasoline from Northwest Europe to New York Harbor. And so, its incentivized imports there. PADD 5 we saw imports even after the refinery utilization came back. And then in the U.S. Gulf Coast, with the octane strength, we're seeing some import of components into the U.S. Gulf Coast as well. And so, demand is good, but the net exports, mainly due to imports being down, is kind of what's caused the build that we've seen the last couple weeks. And it does look like that the market is cooling off some, and you're already seeing signs that that's reversing, especially in PADD 5. We've gone from seeing imports to it looks like a couple refiners are putting export cargos together, and you're seeing barrels from California flow into the Arizona market to help clear that as well. So, I do think it's a trend you'll see reverse.
Jason Gabelman: Do you have a view if the world is kind of maxed out on how much octane it can produce right now?
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think the combination of the things Lane talked about with Tier 3 gasoline destroying some octane and then globally, refiners running a very light diet and excessing naphtha and trying to fit naphtha back into the pool has caused octane to be very tight globally.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. And if I can just ask a follow-up. Mexico is working to revamp its existing refineries in addition to building a new one. But assuming they are successful on the former, it could have implications for U.S. product exports. Is Valero thinking of kind of continuing its strategy to push its logistical reach into new markets, similar to what it did in Peru to kind of combat the potential for the Mexican market to close up a bit to the U.S. for product exports?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, we currently are exporting about -- that we sell ourself about 30,000 barrels a day direct sales into Mexico. That will continue to ramp up. We're building our marine terminal in Veracruz and have a strategy in the North as well. For Mexico to do much on revamping their refining system, it involves a lot. It's not just the refineries, but it's also a lot of logistics and able to get logistics that were meant to move crude out, now to move crude in. So, it's going to be a long time coming before they can do much in terms of revamping their refining system.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. I agree with Gary completely. And then if you look at the new plant that they have in mind, obviously, the capital cost is going to be much higher than they had originally forecasted. If you are a country and you want to do something as a matter of national pride, and economic returns aren't the primary driver to the investment, then something like that probably makes sense. But certainly, the most efficient way for Mexico to supply its shorts is from the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Operator: And we have a question from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Blair: Joe, I think you could say that Valero has the biggest investment in new alkylation capacity in the industry, just with your projects at Houston and St. Charles. Could you talk about how this will change your overall net exposure in alkylate? Are you net short today? And after these projects are done, would you become net long?
Joseph Gorder: Gary, you or Lane?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I don't know that -- it's all a matter of economics of where alkylate trades. So, we have flexibility where we can sell alkylate direct. The additional alkylate in the pool allows us to make more RBOB versus CBOB. And it also allows us to make a lot more export grades that are required in some of the Latin American markets. So, it will be all a matter of price of what path we choose to go, but we have flexibility to do any of those things.
Matthew Blair: Sounds good. And then I think the top end of your throughput guidance for Q3 '19 is about 4% below what you did last year. I think that the turnaround schedule lightens up this quarter. Could you just talk about what the constraints are? Why the volumes are coming in fairly low for Q3?
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. We don't really give -- we just give the ranges. We don't really give sort of any sort of maintenance guidance really. So as long as we did that, we don't normally give that kind of guidance. We just -- the bottom line is they are what they are.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, and Matthew, you know what goes into the volume forecast. So, it is what it is.
Matthew Blair: I mean, does this reflect like any sort of economic run cuts?
Lane Riggs: No.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Homer Bhullar for any closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Catherine. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, if you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference maybe recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Homer Bhullar. Sir, please go ahead.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning everyone. And welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our Web site at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it's says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. Our system is flexibility and the teams relentless focus on safety enable us to deliver positive earnings in an otherwise weak margin environment during a period of heavy maintenance. The first quarter presented us with tough market conditions, differentials on medium and heavy sour crude oils were compressed by a number of factors including OPEC and Canadian crude production curtailments and Venezuelan sanctions. We also started the year with gasoline inventories at record high levels and the gasoline crack at historic lows. Despite this challenging backdrop our premier assets and prior investments that have improved our feedstock and product flexibility enable us to achieve positive earnings and operating cash flow. We demonstrated the flexibility of our system by processing a record volume of 1.4 million barrels per day of North American sweet crude oil as well as a record amount of Canadian heavy crude in the quarter. The Diamond Pipeline and Line 9B continued to provide cost advantage Cushing and Canadian crudes to the Memphis and the Quebec City refineries respectively. We also continue to maximize product exports into higher net back markets in Latin America. Our investments that are expected to grow the earnings capability of the company continue to move forward. The Houston alkylation unit and the Central Texas pipelines and terminals projects remain on track to be operational in the second and third quarters respectively. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit and Pembroke cogeneration unit are all on track to be complete in 2020. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion and the Port Arthur Coker are expected to be complete late 2021 and 2022 respectively. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to adhere to our discipline framework. Our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 remains at approximately 2.5 billion and you should expect incremental discretionary cash flow to continue to compete with other discretionary uses including cash returns, growth investments and M&A. With respect to cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 55% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities for the quarter and we continue to target an annual payout ratio between 40% to 50%. Turning to financing activities, we completed a $1 billion public debt offering in March at a coupon of 4% with the proceeds being used primarily to redeem $850 million, 6.125% senior notes due in 2020. We also funded the buy in of VLP with $950 million of cash on hand in the first quarter. Now, [Technical Difficulty] we remain constructive for the rest of the year. Product fundamentals continue to improve with gasoline and distillate inventories now below their 5-year averages. Additionally product shortages particularly in Central and South America should continue to support robust exports. The impending IMO 2020 fuel oil specs should also lead to higher gasoline and distillate cracks along with improvement in the medium and heavy sour crude differentials. Our advantage footprint with its flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels to consumers here and abroad coupled with a relentless focus on operations excellence and a demonstrated commitment to stockholders continues to position Valero well for any market environment. So with that Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks Joe. For the first quarter of 2019 net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $141 million or $0.34 per share compared to $469 million or $1.09 per share in the first quarter of 2018. First quarter 2018 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $431 million or $1 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts please refer to the financial tables that accompany this release. Operating income for the refining segment in the first quarter of 2019 was $479 million compared to $811 million for the first quarter of 2018. The decrease from first quarter of 2018 was mainly attributed to significantly weaker gasoline margins and narrower medium and heavy sour crude differentials. Refining throughput volume averaged 2.9 million barrels per day which was lower than the first quarter of 2018 primarily due to maintenance activities. Throughput capacity utilization was 91% in the first quarter of 2019. Refining cash operating expenses of $4.15 per barrel or $0.32 per barrel higher than the first quarter of 2018 mostly due to maintenance related expenses and lower throughput in the first quarter of 2019. The Ethanol segment generated $3 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $45 million in the first quarter of 2018. The decrease from first quarter of 2018 was primarily due to lower ethanol prices. Ethanol production volumes averaged $4.2 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2019 an increase of 104,000 gallons per day versus the first quarter of 2018 primarily due to added production from the three ethanol plants acquired in November 2018. As noted in the earnings release we are reporting the renewable diesel segment beginning this quarter. The segments generated $49 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $195 million in the first quarter of 2018. Excluding the adjustments shown in the accompanying earnings release tables related to the 2017 blenders tax credit recorded in early 2018, first quarter 2018 adjusted operating income was $35 million. Renewable diesel sales volumes averaged 790,000 gallons per day in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 419,000 gallons per day versus the first quarter of 2018. The adjusted operating income and sales volumes increased from the first quarter of 2018 primarily due to the expansion of the Diamond Green Diesel plant in the third quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2019, general and administrative expenses were $209 million and net interest expense was $112 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $551 million and income tax expense was $51 million in the first quarter of 2019. The effective tax rate was 23%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $10.1 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $2.8 billion. Valero debt to capitalization ratio after giving effect to the redemption of the 815 million senior notes occurring today was 26%. At the end of March, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. We generated $877 million of net cash from operating activities in the first quarter excluding the favorable impact from a working capital increase of approximately $130 million net cash generated was $747 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $726 million of capital investments in the first quarter of 2019 of which $453 million was for sustaining the business including costs for turnarounds, catalysts and regulatory compliance. Moving to financing activities, we returned $411 million to our stockholders in the first quarter; $375 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 414,000 shares of Valero common stock. The total payout ratio was 55% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As of March 31, we had approximately $2.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to expect annual capital investments for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, with approximately 60% allocated to sustaining the business and approximately 40% to growth. Included in that amount are turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect refining throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.72 million to 1.77 million barrels per day. U.S. Mid-Continent at 425,000 to 445,000 barrels per day. U.S. West Coast at 220,000 to 240,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $4 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.7 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to the renewable diesel segment, we expect sales volume to be 750,000 gallons per day in 2019. Operating expenses in 2019 should be $0.45 per gallon which includes $0.16 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2019, we continue to expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $840 million. The annual effective tax rate is still estimated at 23%. For the second quarter net interest expense should be about $115 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $560 million. Lastly, we expect RIN's expense for the year to be between $300 million and $400 million which is approximately $100 million lower than the previous guidance primarily due to lower RIN's prices. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
ClayAugumini: Hey, good morning guys. This is Clay on for Doug. Thanks for taking my question. I've got a one and a follow up. I really want to talk about the gasoline rally recently. When you had to deconstruct them in the recent move higher seasonality and constraint have played a big role and both of these are non-discretionary. And what I think the market is worried about and why the rally has stalled is that the potential for industry utilization to ramp up and kill the crack. So what I'm hoping that you could speak to and help us understand? Or maybe some of the factors that could keep this from happening in particular, I'm looking at the Inland spreads and the quality spreads on the water and because of this I think I have a hard time believing that there is the incentive to next run. And maybe we got a glimpse of this on your fourth quarter where throughput was within guidance and not ahead which has been the case recently. And I guess, if this point is true then maybe this rally has a bit more durability than people think.
Joe Gorder: Gary you want to.
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. Well, I can tell you its a lot more fun talking about gasoline in April than it was in January and we certainly feel good about the gasoline market. When we talk in January as you mentioned we were looking at a year-over-year overhang of 18 million barrels of gasoline. Since that time, since February we've seen refiner utilization average 87%. Now gasoline inventory is 11 million below where it was last year at this time. In addition to that, you're heading into a portion of the year where we would expect seasonal demand trends to follow where we'd see a pickup in demand as you head into driving season. In addition to that you should see yield fall-off some as we're transitioning to summer grade gasoline. You have less butane in the pool. So, I think through driving season, we feel very good about the gasoline situation as you get into the fourth quarter we would expect if you would see some normal seasonal patterns there as well and you begin to build inventory. I think this year, we do feel like there is an opportunity on gasoline that we haven't seen before because of the IMO 2020 bunker spec change. Our view is that low sulfur feedstocks are currently going to SECs where we priced against their low sulfur fuel blend value alternative and that ability to swing the low sulfur feedstocks out of the SECs and into the low sulfur fuel market will be supportive to the cracks longer term as it results in lower SEC utilization and lower gasoline production. But when it comes to gasoline or all aspects of the business, we manage for the long-term there's certainly a lot of moving parts here, but we feel like we're very well positioned. Global demand remains healthy. Valero is the lowest cost producer and we're strategically located export product globally especially to the markets in Central and South America. So we feel pretty good about it.
ClayAugumini: Got it. And this is a follow-up looking at the screen today, gasoline cracks and diesel cracks seems to have finally converged. What does this mean for your [indiscernible] this summer, do you still have these signals remain in next [indiscernible] mode?
Joe Gorder: This he hasn't answered.
Gary Simmons: Okay. So we're swinging -- we have swung the heavy cat naphtha into gasoline.
ClayAugumini: Thanks Gary.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Prashant Rao: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to talk about the crude side. Joe, you mentioned a strong -- taking strong advantage of Canadian crudes on the heavy side and here we're also seeing Maya setting the discount a bit more so. I wanted two parts to this question, one wanted to know kind of a check on how much Canadian you were running in the quarter and what your thoughts are going forward? And then, two, any thoughts on the recent sort of reversion and discounting on Maya and how that might play out as we go through the year?
Joe Gorder: Yes. Prashant, good question. Gary, you and Lane want to take.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we did just under 190,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian, 49 of that was crude by rail that we delivered to Port Arthur with the remainder being pipeline delivered barrels. We would expect those volumes to continue in that range actually ramp up a little bit especially with the Venezuelan barrels off of the market. On the Maya formula, there's not a lot of help in terms of additional medium and heavy sour supply coming onto the market, but where we see the opportunity for the quality dips to improve is really heavy, high sulfur fuel moving weaker. And we came off the highs, where we were trading at 96% of Brent. Earlier this week, we were down to 89% of Brent. And our expectation is as you move closer to that IMO 2020 fuel spec change that high sulfur fuel would continue to get weaker and that will help the quality discounts move weaker as well.
Prashant Rao: All right. Thank you. Appreciate that. And then, the follow up I guess [Technical Difficulty] on feedstock side and maybe switching over to Diamond Green Diesel. Looking at what kind of underlying profitability, it looks like feedstock cost there being able to get not only profitable even before the low sulfur fuel, let me say low carbon fuel credit before the blenders credit as well. I kind of want to just get a sense of strategy and how things have developed in terms of the diversity of feedstock sourcing how that, what it takes to build up that network and sort of progress along those lines it looks like there's been some solid progress over the last -- obviously, for several years, but now that you are disclosing it as a separate segment kind of wanted to think about how we should look at that longer term of this year and further on.
Martin Parrish: Okay. Well, this is Martin. We've provided volume guidance today on an annual basis. We're also going to be publishing a DGD margin indicator on our Web site. We've been running at these higher rates now for six months feedstock is flowing fine. Our partnership with Darling Ingredients gives us an advantage in that space. They process about 10% of the world's meat byproducts. So we feel good about being able to source the feedstock. And looking forward to continued growth and expansion and we're looking at this expansion that Joe mentioned additional 400 million gallons a year that'll come on in late 2021.
Prashant Rao: And in terms of sort of beyond just the soybean indicator that you've given us sort of wondering if we could give it more color on how diversified we could get if you're able to share anything. I know that you've heard in other parts of the globe, if there's a lot of ingenuity in terms of what can be used as feedstock source. So I was just curious along maybe in those lines if you if you know how diverse it can get?
Joe Gorder: We're still running like we've said in the past. We're running about a third corn oil, a third use cooking oil and then a third beef tallow type -- beef tallow or choice white grease. So same mix as we've been running historically.
Prashant Rao: All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta: Hey, Joe, you talked about IMO 2020 in your opening comments. Yesterday there was a very positive development on that front. Ben Hawkings, the Deputy of Commercial Regulation and Standards at the U.S. Gulf Coastguard said that the Coastguard is getting ready to enforce the new fuel specifications and expects the industry to comply. He went on to say there is no possibility of slow rolling and he hopes for a harmonized global approach to enforcement. The way I see it, it's a big change from the stand some government officials were taking last October and they were talking about the phased implementation and possible delays. Some I'm trying to understand, do you believe the government is now more on board and the implementation program and so probability of success for rollout is materially higher than it was in October?
Joe Gorder: That's a very good question. I'll let Jason talk about some of the specifics.
Jason Fraser: That's right. Yes. We do agree with everything you said. We continue to expect IMO 2020 to be implemented and enforced. You don't schedule as most recently indicated by those comments by the Coastguard official you mentioned. It seems like things have quieted down with that administration and these EIA forecasts that come out over the last several months which didn't show a dramatic jump in prices. That's kind of calm the waters.
Manav Gupta: Thank you guys. Thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Simmons Energy. Your line is now open.
Blake Fernandez: Thanks guys. Good morning. I had two questions for you. One, just probably for Gary on the supply side, but obviously there is a lot of discussion now with the Iranian waivers and potential for OPEC to ramp back up. I just didn't know if you had any comments on supply dynamics and how you see that may impact your inputs and maybe some of the heavy dynamics underway.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So far we don't have any indication of additional OPEC barrels making their way to the market. We don't have any coming into our system as of yet and we'll wait to kind of hear that. I think they're meeting in early May to determine whether they're going to ramp up production.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Second question is on Diamond Green. I believe there was a bill submitted to the house on a potential two-year extension for the BTC and I didn't know if you had any updates or thoughts they are on lay of the land there?
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. Of course, we support the extension of the blenders tax credit. We did see that bill introduced in the House is also one that's been introduced in the Senate by Grassley and Wyden. And of course, this is one of Senator or Chairman Grassley's main initiatives or one of his programs, he will most aggressively push for. So we are hopeful that something will happen this year, of course with the change over leadership in the House, the Democrats have to sort through the Democrat leadership sort through their priorities for what they want to move this year. But we're hopeful something happens. And it is an issue that has bipartisan support which is very helpful with a split legislature like we have.
Blake Fernandez: All right. Thank you, Jason. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benny Wong: Thanks. Good morning guys. I just want to touch upon, I will follow up the question from Prashant about the widening Maya. I think we've seen widening sour differentials across the regions. Just wanted to get your perspective, what's driving this. Is it just really the weaker fuel oil prices or are you seeing other factors like corporate turnarounds or are you seeing simple refineries switching to a crude slate today ahead of IMO 2020.
Gary Simmons: Well, I think most of what we're seeing today is driven by several components in the formula we mentioned the high sulfur fuel getting weaker the Brent GI are widening also helps the Maya differential get weaker and then the final thing is Midland WTS is still part of the Maya formula. So as WTS gets weaker it helps as well. I think those are the key drivers and certainly high sulfur fuel oil should continue to get weaker and help the Maya spread wide now.
Lane Riggs: Hi. This is Lane. I will further color to that point. So right now medium sour you are asking about that as well. It's still a little bit out of the market with respect to its value relative to sweet and heavy. Those are the two most economic crudes. So there's still sort of an arbitrage that exists out there in the marketplace between medium and there is about 3% discount and you should see somewhat -- get some parity in all that, it all gets balanced again in the Atlantic basin.
Benny Wong: Great. Thanks. And my follow up questions just a little bit extension on Blake's question. Just wanted to get a temperature check on DC. It seems like from where I'm sitting, the EPA is a little bit more moderated with headlines of them signaling took and can issue less small refinery waivers and potentially walking back the proposal to freeze their CAFE standards. Just wondering how your discussions with them has changed and if they're kind of shifting their focus order approach a little differently going forward? Thanks.
Jason Fraser: This is Jason, again. And we hadn't seen them really ship their approach. They're definitely under pressure probably under constant pressure from the ethanol side. On the smaller farther waivers they have been for years, but they seemed to understand that the responsibility to grant smaller final exemptions is part of the statute, it's been reaffirmed by Congress and the court several times, have been several appellate cases on the issue. And so, we're encouraged by administrator Wheeler's comments at his confirmation hearing that he plan to follow the law. He understood how those programs are supposed to work and we hope the agency continues to act as they have in the past which is to grant the waivers where they seem to be appropriate.
Benny Wong: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I guess we could go back a little bit. Gary you mentioned earlier that you were running max diesel obviously diesel cracks for a little below what they have been. I mean not weak by any standard, but it was just one of you can dive in a little bit what you're seeing in terms of diesel or distillate demand both here in the U.S. and then in terms of export demand?
Gary Simmons: Sure. Yes. I think we had a little milder winter in the North Atlantic basin than what we typically had which hurt demand a little bit. That was certainly offset by lower production with the lower refinery utilization. I think moving forward certainly you're entering a time of the year where we typically see a little softer distillate demand as you don't have the heating oil demand. I think where this year is different with the market structure and the strong carry in the market, I think the [indiscernible] market will remain supported because as it weakens the barrels will be bid into storage. And so I think you'll see diesel continue to be supportive in the short-term and then you'll get the demand kick later in the year as we approach the IMO 2020 date.
Roger Read: When speaking on the IMO front, when do you think we really start to see it in the forward curve? You mentioned earlier I think everybody would agree with you, I saw over oil discounts puts pressure on the lights or the sweet sour down, but like when do you think that shows up in the forward curve because one of the questions we've been getting from investors is, remind this from my IMO, when do I believe that IMO ammo is actually real in a sense I need to see it occur before I want to invest wholeheartedly on that front.
Joe Gorder: So what we understand is really the last loads of high sulfur fuel oil that head to the Far East for shipping probably occurred in late September. So you start to see an impact on the high sulfur fuel market sometime in that late September, early October region. And then on the distillate side, I think it's probably in November, December type timeframe before you start to see an impact on the diesel side.
Roger Read: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess that's my two questions and I won't take up the slot formerly used by an analyst who's on a break right now.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Roger.
Roger Read: See you guys. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: See you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Low with Redburn. Your line is now open.
Peter Low: Hi. Thanks for taking my two questions. The first was just on the balance sheet. Giving is getting towards the top-end of your guided range. I just want to know how comfortable you are with it at current levels and how you expect to prioritize de-gearing versus buybacks over the coming quarters. The second was on the projects due to completion this year particularly the Houston alkylation unit. Can you give us any color on the extent to which you expect those to impact capture rates and earnings? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Okay. So, Donna you want to -- yes, you want to.
Donna Titzman: So, yes, we're very comfortable we are on the balance sheet in the context of leverage we design that target 20% to 30% to give us plenty of flexibility for growing our business and taking advantage of acquisitions as they come along. So, we're very comfortable we're at. We're at 27%, we're paying some debt off today. So that's going to bring the debt back down to 26%. And Joe, what is the other...
Joe Gorder: Yes. The other he was dovetailing it in, Peter, you tell me if this is wrong, it sound like you are dovetailing it into the share repurchases. And we've been pretty clear all along that we weren't going to leverage the balance sheet to do share repurchases. I think that's why you saw the repurchases slightly less in the first quarter, we used the adjusted free cash flow metric as our target and that's how we're going to live with. We're running the business for the long-term and we feel that all of the components that we've identified, all of the goals we've set for ourselves are relevant and we don't want to deviate from that. So as cash flow picks up, I think you should expect that flywheel of share repurchase to increase also. But I wouldn't tie the two directly together the debt to cap and the share repurchase quantity. I hope that answers the second question.
Peter Low: Yes.
Joe Gorder: So, on the final question on the Houston alkylation on schedule to start up here in the second quarter specifically at the end of May, maybe give it for a June 1 startup. So what does that mean in terms of our results that means you're going to have about a third of the benefit in the second quarter and then you'll have the full benefit in the third and fourth quarter and it will absolutely go directly to capture rate. So some of our project like coppers don't go directly to improving our capture rate, we get additional volume, but this will because you're taking NGLs and getting all the way to sort of a premium gasoline component value so that should show up in our capture rates in the Gulf Coast.
Peter Low: That's great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Sam Margolin: Hey, good morning everybody. I had a supply question too. The last quarter's call there was some probing about the Venezuela sanctions and how that might affect you, but it looks like there's a lot of offset supply coming on from Brazil. Brazil production from 2018 was deferred it looks like it's coming on now. Is that a suitable substitute for you, are you looking at that at all, or does the spec not really work? I'm just wondering like what are the developments in your sort of Atlantic basin Latin America crude supply story since the last quarter's call and the Venezuela sanctions?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I would tell you since the Venezuelan sanctions about a third of the barrels we are getting from Venezuela then replaced by running incremental domestic lights, we about a third of it is incremental heavy Canadian, and then, a third of it is just opportunistic cargos and some of that production that you're talking about in Brazil fits into that opportunistic cargo. We've definitely seen more volumes of Brazilian crude coming into the Gulf and also our West Coast.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Thanks so much. And then, this is a -- it's been a recurring theme now for a while that you MidCon segments really starting to break out and capture versus historical rates are -- is up a lot. It obviously has a lot to do with Diamond Pipeline. Other operators outside of the Diamond partnership. Talk about Diamond a lot, it's an interesting strategic piece for other infrastructure that wants to loop into it, or connect it to some other ideas. Are you guys still in sort of a strategic dynamic review process with Diamond or are you very satisfied with the role it's playing in Valero today and you don't necessarily want to include it in other operators plans for trying to get crude to the eastern Gulf.
Joe Gorder: There's two pieces to that question, right. There's the -- I mean the conversation around strategic use of the pipeline. But I mean, our initial emphasis for the pipeline was to assure crude supply in a particular crude supply into the Memphis refinery. You guys want to talk about that at all.
Gary Simmons: Yes. That's gone extremely well. And we saw a stronger contribution of Diamond Pipeline in the first quarter '19 than we did in the first quarter of '18 and some of that's the water Brent TIR. The other change in our system was the Sunrise Pipeline which came online in the fourth quarter of '18. That not only improved our ability to get Midland Cushing, Midland barrels to Ardmore and McGee, but we are now able to get Midland barrels to Memphis and we certainly saw an uplift from that in the first quarter. Now, I'll let Rich handle the second part.
Rich Lashway: Sure. So it was in January there was -- open season was on the cap line was announced. And part of that reversal open season was to tie the Diamond into that cap line. So plane has got an open season out there that will conclude next week. I think its Monday, the 29, and so they'll see whether or not there's enough interest to expand the cap -- expand the Diamond Pipeline, which would then tie into a cap line reversal. So that would be the strategic part of expanding the pipeline to get Cushing barrels to the Gulf Coast.
Joe Gorder: So Sam, I mean from our perspective, the key is as Gary stated is just to be sure that we retain our ability to ship the volumes that we need into the Memphis refinery and then as an investor in the pipeline, I think we'll look at the options associated with a possible expansion.
Sam Margolin: Thanks guys. That is exactly my question. Okay. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern: Hey, morning everyone. Maybe for Gary. I was just wondering if you can give thoughts on West Coast product supply. Obviously, there's been a lot of outages, we've seen some larger import activity on the gasoline side and obviously, if the West Coast gets behind it can struggle to catch up during driving season. So any thoughts on how that plays out through the year?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think like we've always talked, the West Coast is a little long refining capacity but when you have maintenance activities at times at the market and we've seen maintenance activities on the West Coast and inventories are low heading into gasoline season which I think you know bodes well to a fairly strong gasoline season on the West 
Brad Heffern: And then, looking at the Gulf Coast crude runs this quarter, you guys ran the most sweet, you've ever run. He ran the least medium. I'm just curious, if that's sort of the most barbell that the system can get. Or is there still room for more light and less medium if the spreads are telling you that?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. We were clearly in that mode, I thought I have alluded that earlier max. W have some turnaround activity or control refineries and turnaround. So, when you see us come out into the second or third quarter, our refineries come out of all this, you could see us have additional capacity where we're have that strategy. So we have some more room to do that.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Hey thanks a lot. Appreciate that the opportunity. So a couple of questions. I guess the first is, you had a number of organic projects that have come online over the course of last year and so just trying to think about what the earnings power would have been in the first quarter independent of some of those growth projects so we can isolate the growth on a commodity agnostic basis. Can you just talk about if the earnings power is structurally improved relative to a year ago and some of those projects have come online?
Joe Gorder: You guys want to talk about the impact of the project? I think [indiscernible] different than the last few quarters maybe we will summarize. Well, obviously, okay, I think the refinery, we only have the Wilmington and Cajon.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the Sunrise definitely had a material impact on the first quarter results for us as you were able to capture that Midland to Cushing differential on the pipeline was space we have on Sunrise.
Lane Riggs: Neil, there's been a host of things though right. I mean we've got the Diamond Green Diesel expansion that we're seeing the benefits of also. And you've seen it multiple times but in the deck, we've got the fact that we believe that the projects that were completed produced another $340 million of incremental EBITDA. So, we -- if you compare year-over-year and how we performed in kind of a similar margin environment, I think you would find that the projects have contributed significantly to the earnings capability of the company.
Joe Gorder: Over pipeline projects and then the Diamond Green Diesel expansion.
Lane Riggs: Right.
Neil Mehta: Yes. That's helpful. And then, the follow-up question is, just on the cash balances, you guys have had around $2.8 billion. Is it fair -- is it a long-term target still to move towards $2 billion that's still the right level. I know you were running substantially higher than that before. But how do we think about that optimal cash balance number?
Donna Titzman: Yes. If you look at the $2.8 billion, so we know we issued some debt towards the end of March $1 billion that was slated to refinance the maturity that is in early 2020. Today, we pay -- we redeem that those notes today. So you kind of pro forma the cash, it was really closer to $1.9 billion at the end of March.
Joe Gorder: And Neil, we think that's still a reasonable target. And, we'll test around it both directions and just see if it holds up longer term. And then, the other thing to keep in mind is that we bought back the deal during the quarter and that was $950 million of cash. So there'll be times, when I think you'll see the cash balance increase, if we're looking at something like that. But otherwise the $2 billion is still probably a good point of reference for you guys to use in your modeling.
Neil Mehta: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Phil.
Phil Gresh: The first question with Diamond Green Diesel is here as a new segment. You gave us some color on throughput and then cost -- your JV partner, I think has given a view on EBITDA guidance of $1.25 to $1.40 per gallon, I believe. Your first quarter obviously was a bit below that maybe seasonality, you could talk to that. But is that a right way for us to be thinking about this business, is that something you'd agree with. Just a little color to help us think about this business longer term.
Martin Parrish: And this is Martin. I think that's a good way to think about the business you're right on the first quarter we were at $0.85 per gallon EBITDA that was negatively impacted by a hedge loss of $0.37 a gallon. So if you adjusted EBITDA would have been 122, I think a better way to look at it as the last six months because we had a big hedge positive in the fourth quarter. So if you look at the last six months the weighted average EBITDA was $1.24 a gallon. So right on top of the $1.25 and these hedge gain loss is not significant over the life of Diamond Green. It's just been these big moves in the ULS flat price in the last six months.
Phil Gresh: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. The second question I guess would be a bit of a follow up to Roger's question where he was asking about how the strip is representing expectations for the diesel crack looking out to early 2020. I guess is it your view that that many times we talk about the strip is never right, but is it your view that this is not an accurate representation of what might happen to the diesel price or there are some prior comments about how maybe there's going to be more BGO feedstocks that will enter the diesel pool. Just curious how you think this actually plays out over the next six to 12 months. Thanks.
Martin Parrish: Yes. So, I would say that I think the diesel forward curve is not a very good representation of what we would expect the foreign markets would look like, you are seeing more contango start to edge its way into the market. I think that will continue as you get closer to the date, but I think we'll have a stronger diesel environment than what's currently reflected in the curve.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, thanks for taking the call. I wanted to ask I know there was a question about the West Coast, but I wanted to follow up on it. I believe your Venetia plant has been down for a little bit. I was wondering what the impact was on the quarter and if you have line of sight when that asset is going to come back online.
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So yes, we have about eight days of downtime in our Venetia refinery we had a crude leak in the furnace and so we had to bring the entire refinery down to repair. And so consequently we moved a turnaround that we had budgeted in the first quarter '20 into the timeframe. So we're essentially executing a turnaround so we should start the refinery up sort of mid May-ish or somewhere in the later maybe it will be somewhere in the May timeframe term start the refinery up. The other thing that we had happen in the quarter that didn't get a lot of press was we had our McKee refinery had an air blower -- main air blower Allergan. So -- and that was a big event as well in terms of our impact in the quarter an unusual event and thought it was $90 million. So if you're trying to sort of frame what the earnings potential for the first quarter could have been the bigger event in the first quarter actually was our McKee, again, it was about $90 million for the growth margin impact.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks. And if I could ask a question on I believe you moved the Memphis turnaround from April of this year into 2020 and I thought that was an interesting data point just because it seems like your peers are doing the opposite trying to conduct their maintenance in the first half of this year. So, I'm wondering if you saw something in the market that made you alter maintenance plans there. And then, just what you're seeing more generally in the industry on maintenance activities in the first half of this year and maybe into the second half as well. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So unfortunately I guess some bad information, our methods refinery goes into an SEC turnaround in about a week or so. But, we don't normally try to position take you know we'll maybe nudge turnarounds around certain things, but we aren't taking. We didn't make a huge effort to try to move our turnarounds and to accommodate IMO 2020 is because we have a lot of assets. So, but anyway that's kind of where we are on that in terms of the industry we don't really comment on other players and industry or what we think maintenance activity might be.
Jason Gabelman: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes right up Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question here. So compared to a year ago, you ran substantially higher light sweet crude volumes or at least the share of your total crude slate and at the same time your default yield ticked up a little bit. And so I was wondering, can we draw a direct connection there that a higher distill yield with these lights or was that just noise your year-over-year.
Lane Riggs: Actually what we see is, we maximize light sweet. We tend to make the same amount of gasoline and less a little bit less distill. So a yield shift is probably more tied to hydro cracker utilizations and what units we actually had down for maintenance rather than a change in the crude slate.
Matthew Blair: Got it. Okay. And then just an accounting clarification, so there's this $2.5 billion of CapEx in the next two years. Does that include the 550 of spending for the Diamond Green Diesel expansion?
Joe Gorder: Yes, it will. Yes, it's not all in the year. Okay. And this is spread out over 2021.
Matthew Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig Shere: Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Craig.
Craig Shere: What are the great comments about catalysts for improving cracks into the second half in 2020. I guess my question is more systemic in terms of the new mid cycle levels we might see aided by IMO 2020, or are you getting more confident that we could see some sustained benefit lasting three to five years here.
Joe Gorder: So really, I think that question goes to what's the sustainability of the tailwinds for IMO 2020.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think it's hard for us to predict, how quickly shifts put in scrubbers. It looks like that's not going to be fast and that the impact of aim of 2020 will be longer lasting than what we initially assumed. But I don't know that we have a lot of great data on that.
Craig Shere: Are ships even able to put in scrubbers the way we were thinking a year ago, it sounded like simpler the waste water disposal becomes an issue now?
Gary Simmons: It certainly that the most economic scrubbers are the open lube scrubbers which put the sulfur back into the ocean. And so, as questions have come up whether there are going to be allowed to do that, it certainly presents another degree of difficulty when people are trying to make those capital investments.
Craig Shere: And last quick question. I noticed that the corporate expenses down sequentially and year-over-year, anything to read into efficiencies or cost controls?
Joe Gorder: We are always focused on efficiencies and cost controls. I just don't know if they would have been material enough that --
Jason Fraser: In the first quarter of '18, we actually had an environmental reserve adjustment, it is one of the special items that's reflected in the press release.
Joe Gorder: Okay.
Craig Shere: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Bhullar for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thanks Liz. We appreciate everyone joining in and feel free to contact the IR team, if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Homer Bhullar, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Homer Bhullar: Good morning. And welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it’s says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that we completed another good quarter where we ran our business well and delivered solid financial results. Throughout the quarter, we maintained our unrelenting focus on operations excellence, which enabled us to operate safely and reliably in an environmentally responsible manner. We also delivered on our commitment to invest in growth projects and acquisitions that increased Valero's earnings capability while maintaining solid returns to our stockholders. In 2018, we matched 2017 record for process safety performance, and we continue to outperform the industry on our personal injury rates. Logistics investments we made over the last several years are contributing significantly to earnings. Our investments in Line 9B, the Diamond Pipeline and the Sunrise Pipeline expansion increased our system’s flexibility, allowing us to take advantage of the opportunities available in the fourth quarter of 2018. In fact, we set a record for total light crude runs at 1.5 million barrels per day and a record for North American light crude processed at over 1.3 million barrels per day. We also continued to maximize products exports into higher netback markets in Latin America. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to execute according to our disciplined framework. Our projects and execution remain on track. Construction is scheduled to finish on the Houston alkylation unit in the second quarter. And the Central Texas pipelines and terminals are expected to be completed in mid-2019. In November, the Board of Directors of Valero and Darling Ingredients, approved an expansion of the Diamond Green Diesel plant to 675 million gallons per year of renewable diesel production and the construction of a renewable naphtha finishing facility. With respect to cash returns to stockholders in 2018, we paid out 54% of our annual adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, exceeding our target annual payout range of 40% to 50%. Our solid financial position and a favorable outlook for our business enabled us to further demonstrate our commitment to our investors, as last week, our Board approved a 12.5% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.90 per share or $3.60 annually. Lastly, earlier in January, we closed the acquisition of Valero Energy Partners. This transaction was immediately accretive and it's greatly simplified our structure. While Valero will no longer have a publicly traded midstream business, VLP’s assets and ongoing logistics investments at Valero will continue to enhance our feedstock and product flexibility. Now, as we look ahead, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework. There has been no change in our capital discipline strategy, which prioritizes our investment grade ratings, sustaining investments and paying our dividends. We expect our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, in line with where it's been over the last several years. And you should expect incremental discretionary cash flow to continue to compete with other discretionary uses, including cash returns, growth investments and M&A. In closing, with a growing economy, a year-over-year increase in vehicle miles traveled, and low fuel prices, we’re encouraged for 2019. We expect good demand in domestic and exports markets this year. Despite seasonal weakness in the gasoline market, days of supply for distillate inventories remained below the five-year average. Expected incremental diesel demand and discounts for sour feedstocks associated with the impending global fuel oil sulfur reduction also give us a reason to remain optimistic. We believe that our system’s flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels as evidenced by our fourth quarter 2018 results, positions Valero well for whatever opportunity the market presents to us. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Homer Bhullar: Thank you, Joe. For the fourth quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $952 million or $2.24 per share compared to $2.4 billion or $5.42 per share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Fourth quarter 2018 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $900 million or $2.12 per share, compared to $509 million for $1.16 per share for the fourth quarter of 2017. For 2018, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.1 billion or $7.29 per share, compared to $4.1 billion or $9.16 per share in 2017. 2018 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $3.2 billion or $7.37 per share, compared to $2.2 billion or $4.96 per share in 2017. The 2018 adjusted results exclude several items reflected in the financial tables that accompany this release, while the 2017 adjusted results exclude an income tax benefit of $1.9 billion from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For reconciliations of actual to adjust amounts, please refer to those financial tables. Operating income for the refining segment in the fourth quarter of 2018 was $1.5 billion, compared to $971 million for the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was mainly attributed to wider discounts for North American sweet crude and certain sour crudes relative to Brent, partly offset by weaker gasoline margins. Refining throughput volumes averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was in line with the fourth quarter of 2017. Throughput capacity utilization was 96% in the fourth quarter of 2018. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.92 per barrel were $0.34 per barrel higher than the fourth quarter of 2017, mostly due to higher natural gas costs in the fourth quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $27 million operating loss in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $37 million of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2017. The decrease from 2017 was primarily due to lower margins, resulting from lower ethanol prices. Operating income for the VLP segment in the fourth quarter of 2018 was $88 million, compared to $80 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was mainly due to contributions from the Port Arthur terminal assets and Parkway Pipeline, which were acquired in November 2017. For the fourth quarter of 2018, general and administrative expenses were $230 million and net interest expense was $114 million. General and administrative expenses for 2018 of $925 million were higher than 2017, mainly due to adjustments to our environmental liabilities. For the fourth quarter of 2018, depreciation and amortization expense was $531 million. And income tax expense, which includes certain income tax benefits, as reflected in the accompanying earnings release tables, was $205 million. Excluding these benefits, the effective tax rate was 21%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt was $9.1 billion, and cash and cash equivalents was $3 billion. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 24% At the end of December, we had $4.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. We generated $1.7 billion of net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter. Excluding the unfavorable impact from a working capital decrease of approximately $120 million, net cash generated was $1.8 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $771 million of growth and sustaining capital investments in the fourth quarter of 2018, of which $254 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. For 2018, we invested $2.7 billion of which approximately $1.9 billion was for sustaining and $800 million was for growth. Moving to financing activities. We returned $965 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter, $627 million was for the purchase of 7.7 million shares of Valero common stock and $338 million was paid as dividends. As of December 31st, we had approximately $2.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We expect capital investments for 2019 to be approximately $2.5 billion, with approximately 60% allocated to sustaining the business and approximately 40% to growth. Included in the total, our turnarounds, catalyst and joint venture investments. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.67 million to 1.72 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 265,000 to 285,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 475,000 to 495,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.05 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.42 per gallon, which includes $0.06 for gallon for noncash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. For 2019, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $840 million. The annual effective tax rate is estimated at 23%. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $110 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $550 million. Lastly, we expect RIN’s expense for the year to be between $400 million and $500 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Blake Fernandez with Simmons Energy. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the stellar results. I appreciate the outlook for two years on CapEx. I think, there was some perception maybe with the project sanction last year that there would be upward pressure, and we're actually seeing a $200 million decrease year-over-year, and that sustained into 2020. Can you talk a little bit about where maybe some of that defilation has coming from, whether it's the growth component or sustaining or turnarounds?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I wouldn't call it deflation, I would call that we had a -- we had a lot of sustaining capital with respect to Tier 3 and plus the reliability project at our Corpus Christi refinery in 2018. Our run rate is like what we've said is normally about $1.5 billion to sustain our assets. We had a little bit more than that in this past year. And there's obviously timing involved and all that. Whether our turnarounds get a little bit lumpy or again we end up having to do something a little bit special on some environmental, currently we don't have anything on our forward view of that.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, great. The second question is on Venezuela, obviously very topical. I guess, one, could you confirm how much you're currently importing crude there? But then, I guess more importantly, I’m just curious, in order to replace those barrels, are you looking to resort to more light sweet domestic crudes or just largely maxed out on light sweet to where you're actually going to have to resort to the global market for kind of medium and heavy sour replacement barrels? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Blake, this is Gary. Of course, with the sanctions, we're currently not taking anything from Venezuela. But, it was about 20% of our heavy sour that we run was Venezuelan barrels historically. We're certainly hopeful that we’ll see proper resolution to the crisis, not only for the benefit of the crude markets but for the welfare of the people of Venezuela. We've seen production decline in Venezuela for years, and we've also known there was a threat of sanctions. So, we’ve put alternatives in place to be prepared for this. Of course, the announcement was just made Monday; we've only had 48 hours to respond. Our top priority really has been to get to next 30-day supply plan covered. And I can tell you we're in a lot better position today than we were on Tuesday, but we still have some holes to fill in our supply plan. We really run Venezuelan barrels at two of our refineries in the Gulf, St. Charles and Port Arthur. The St. Charles refinery did begin a turnaround on their crude and coker unit. So, that definitely minimizes the impacts that the sanctions had on our system. To your point, current economics are certainly pushing us to maximize light sweet in the system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson with Evercore. Your line is open.
Doug Terreson: I wanted to see if we could get some elaboration on Joe's points that you made a few minutes ago about market fundamental. And typically while distillate demand and inventories appear to be positive in both the U.S. and the Atlantic Basin, the converse seems true for gasoline, although seasonality and net exports should be supportive. And then, also, could you just spend a minute covering how fuel oil markets are likely to sort out this year, given the uncertainty that Blake just highlighted about Canada and Venezuela and heavy feedstocks and how you might adjust?
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary again. Of course, it seems like early in the year, during this call, we always are kind of panic on the gasoline markets. We feel very good about gasoline demand moving forward. high employment and low gasoline prices should result in good gasoline demand. The wild card of course becomes refinery utilization. So, with the 20-year high refinery utilization we saw last year, we are starting the year with a bit of an overhanging. The overhanging gasoline has primarily been PADD 1, PADD 2 and PADD 3. If I look at those regions individually, I could see that we build a little bit more inventory in PADD 1. The market structure is such that there's an economic incentive to make summer grade gasoline and put it in tankage in New York Harbor, and they're still tankage available. So, that would come. You could some inventory again in PADD 1. I think you'll see some significant improvements in both PADD 2 and PADD 3 moving forward. PADD 2, I think, a lot of the gasoline build was a result of the crude discount. The margins were just very strong. So, typically at PADD 2, you see refinery utilization drop off in the winter to balance the market. But with the crude discounts where, they ran hard. But if I look at the PADD 2 market now, there looks to be more planned maintenance this year than was last year. As we move forward and then currently with the cold snap hitting PADD 2, there seems to be quite a few refinery issues in that region. In fact, the Explorer Pipeline between group 3 and Chicago is now pro-rated, indicating there's a big pull for products in that region. So, I think you'll see gasoline inventories draw in PADD 2. And I also think you'll see some good gasoline draws in PADD 3 as well. Then, the Gulf, early in the year, we typically have fog issues which hinder our ability to export product, and we saw that again this year. We also saw a bottleneck trying to get gasoline into Mexico, which is obviously our largest export destination. And then, we saw a lot of refiner buying interest in the Gulf as well as people build some inventory in preparation for turnaround, so they could cover their supply during their outages. So, I think, all those things, as you see lower utilization in the Gulf as a result of planned maintenance beginning and you see exports pick up, I'm confident you'll see inventories in PADD 3 grow as well. So, I think we feel pretty good about gasoline. We feel very good about gasoline demand. And again, the wildcard is what utilization is going to be going forward.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Any insight on fuel oil too?
Gary Simmons: Yes, fuel oil. I think, it definitely is the issue you talk about. There has been a lot of significant hits to fuel on the supply side with OPEC cuts and the Iranian sanctions, now Venezuelan sanctions and production cuts in Western Canada. If you look at the forward curve on fuel oil, it's backward about $1 a month, and a lot of that is tied to the IMO 2020 fuel spec change. We do see fuel moving weaker as a result of lower demand for high sulfur fuel oil. And then, there's some signs that some of the production can be coming on. The Alberta government did announce that they're going to go ahead and raise production in February, at least 75,000 barrels day. So, some of those things will help as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning, guys. Before I ask my question, since that I told John Locke, if your Gulf Coast realized margin is going to be filed probably in excess of 650, I will publicly lobby Joe you to give Gary and his crude supply team a big bonus. So, I'm lobbying you.
Gary Simmons: Paul, you're really helpful to me here.
Paul Cheng: Anyway. So, other than that, two questions. First, looking at the current level in the fourth quarter, I mean, I think everyone is already trying to maximize on the distillate yield. So, in your system, is there any more that you can actually do that to shift from gasoline to distillate. And also, you said you're running a record 1.5 million barrels per day in the light oil. Is there any more that you can -- can you quantify that, how much more if there's any that you can actually move from medium and heavy into light?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I would tell you on the gasoline to distillate swing, there's very little else we can do. We're pretty much maxed out on distillate today. On light crude, we would tell you that the numbers Joe gave you that was about 90% of our light sweet capacity. And so, there is some room there to push some additional light sweet crude into our system.
Paul Cheng: So, Gary, you mean that if 90%, that means that at most you can push another 100,000, 150,000 barrel per day?
Gary Simmons: Exactly. So, we've been saying we have about 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude capacity.
Paul Cheng: Secondly that do you expect the Mexico export that you're shipping there that you expect to increase in the coming weeks, given the fuel shortage there? If we look back in the last two months, have you seen any noticeable decline in your gasoline export to Mexico?
Gary Simmons: No, we really haven't. Historically, we see a lot of buying interest in December from Mexico and we see these bottlenecks then trying to get the barrels into the country. And obviously, the crackdown on fuels made that even worse. We're seeing good demand from Mexico, not only waterborne barrels, but we continue to ramp up our business of actually importing the barrels into the country and we're seeing very good demand for barrels delivered all the way in the country as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Manav Gupta: Joe, congrats on a good quarter. And Homer, congrats on joining a great team. We will all miss John Locke and would like to wish him all the best in his new role. So, I just have a quick question on Diamond Green Diesel expansion. Like, if you look at the current margins, is it fair to assume that this is like a 35-plus-percent return for project for you? And the second follow-up on it is, what advantage does Darling Ingredients brings to the table? Are they just a financial partner or they give you some kind of competitive edge on your peers, who are also trying similar projects?
Martin Parrish: This is Martin. On Diamond Green, we're looking at historically -- we think going forward, we're going to be at about $1.25 a gallon, so doing the math, you’re probably in the right ballpark with that return on EBITDA margins. Now, Darling is not just a financial partner. Darling processes about 10% of the world’s meat byproduct. They also do a significant work on collecting used cooking oil. They've been in these markets for years. Diamond Green, we've been in this fat market for 5 years now, 5.5 years, they've been in for a long time. They bring a lot to the table around sourcing the fat pre-treating the fat for the unit. So, it's a really good synergy here. We've got a refining expertise, we've got expertise in marketing a product, they've got pre-treatment expertise and bringing the fat into the joint venture. So, it's a really good partnership.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Joe, you guys do a great job of making the sell side look really dumb every quarter; it’s a great quarter, obviously. But my question is a $30 correction in oil prices, obviously there's some lag effect in your capture rate. I'm just curious as to the capture rate move that we saw and off of 100% on our numbers is running about 30%, 40% above what you would normally deliver. Was that just lag effect, or is there something structural going on such as the shift to the lighter grades that we should pay more attention to going forward?
Gary Simmons: Doug, that's a good question.
Joe Gorder: Why don’t I take a shot at it and Gary for recal -- retune whatever I'm saying here. But there is really a few -- couple of reasons. One is as we alluded to in the opening remarks, we've had the pipeline projects. We have the Line 9 and we had the Diamond Pipeline and the Sunrise. And all of those put up the position in the Mid-Continent and in our Quebec refinery position us to take advantage of essentially the distressed markets in the fourth quarter. And then, the other side of that is on the product side, really lower rent price, allowed us to capture essentially higher net-backs on our product prices. I'm sure, there's a contribution on the other things, like pet coke, all the stuff to contribute our capture rate. But really, the first two things that really drove our capture rate in the fourth quarter.
Doug Leggate: So, should we consider that the capture rate is structurally moving higher?
Joe Gorder: I would say, you should -- on the product side with the lower rent prices, yes. On the crude side, it's just a matter of how distressed those markets are. And you have a line -- you have a view of what [indiscernible] looks like and a view of what Midland looks like and Cushing.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you for trying to answer that. I know it was tough one. My follow-up is really -- is kind of a follow-up to the Doug Terreson’s question, I guess. Normally, we would see this -- the industry pivot obviously between distillate and gasoline to some extent, as you move through the summer, but obviously we've got this IMO even going into 2020. So, I'm wondering, is there a possibility that we see Valero specifically maintain a max distillate bias through the whole of 2019 as one part of the solution to the gasoline overhang? And I'll leave it there. Thanks. 
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again. We absolutely believe that it’ll be the case. I mean, we've been in max distillate for a while now and will continue to be in that way through the at least the way we see the rest of the year going in 2019. Obviously, it’s early but that's the way the forward market is pointing right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Prashant Rao: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to circle back to crude sourcing and drill down a little bit, obviously really strong performance there. And as Paul said, it makes us all look we underestimated you this quarter. On the Maya or other Central American heavy sours, I just want to get a confirmation? I mean, lot of those grades have priced themselves out of the market we saw in 4Q. But were you -- what was your purchasing like in for 4Q and is it -- were you not running as much and should -- how should we expect that to look now that we some price normalization as we go forward in 1Q?
Gary Simmons: So, I think on the heavy side, we've definitely seen that Maya is probably not the best marker for what we're paying for a heavy sour crude. So, in the fourth quarter, if you look Maya was priced at 4.50 discount to Brent. WCS or Western Canadian Select in the U.S. Gulf Coast was trading at a $10.60 discount to Brent. And we believe that the Canadian quote was much more representative of our actual delivered heavy sour into the system. In addition to that, then there were certainly some things with the connect -- disconnect in western Canadian pricing. We had a significant uplift on the crude by rail, we did 43,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian by rail in Port Arthur, and those were very discounted barrels.
Prashant Rao: Okay, thanks. And I guess that sort of leads nicely to my second question. My follow-up is on the Canadian barrels. It year-to-date seems like the import data and purchasing data, what we've heard the market is -- you continue to be able to get good access to those Canadian barrels. Just wondering if you could give some color on the sourcing, especially given that we've had production cuts up in Canada with the dynamics of those barrels also coming in by rail, or are there more available in the market, just any color on how we should think about the variety of sourcing there?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, in the fourth quarter, we also set a record on the volume of Canadian heavy that we ran in our system. We ran over 180,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian. And it is sourced via pipe, delivered into the Gulf, and then we do about 40,000 barrels a day crude by rail. Our view is that crude by rail will be necessary until one of the major pipeline projects gets approved out of western Canada.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: I guess, maybe to dig in a little deeper, thinking about the summer time here with gasoline. So, you're running max distillate, presumably most if not all the industry is doing the same. So, if we see, relatively speaking, weaker gasoline cracks this summer, does that imply that to get things in balance effectively, the industry has to employ run cuts or should we think about additional toggles you can do, if you ended up with a summertime situation with stronger distillate cracks relative to the gasoline, especially with IMO staring us in the face by the latter part of the summer?
Joe Gorder: Roger, it’s difficult to answer, certainly thinking of the gasoline situation is a combination of yield, which certainly we expect to be in the max distillate mode. And then, the other thing I’d refer to is just what the utilization rate and the refining capacity is, and whether that 20-year high that we saw last year is sustainable.
Roger Read: Yes. I mean, I would think though with this -- with more light barrels available, there's no reason to think U.S. refines throughout have come off. It’s strictly a margin decision. We heard others companies, other refiners talk about different things you can do in terms of how hard you run your FCC units versus other decisions you can make. I was just curious, if there's anything like that that occurs for IMO as your look at your overall system?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I'll take a stab at that. So, we do -- FCC is obviously a pivotal part of our operation, and there's certain inflection point, economic inflection point. And it almost always makes sense fill our alky. So, we’ll run up to the point to make sure alkylation units are full. And so, the marginal capacity we're always looking is to make sense to run-pass that point. And to your point, interestingly enough, the stream that we put in these out also can go into the fuel market for the halfway percent to meet the IMO reg. So, we do think structurally at least one of the things that will happen here is that FCC probably won’t run a whole lot pass, drilling their alky, it’s certainly in the context of how IMO 2020 is going to work out.
Roger Read: And then, Joe, you’ve done a great job over the years here in terms of capital allocation. The decision to roll up VLP kind of brings the balance sheet more into like the true issue on cash and that as opposed to the non-recourse side. I was wondering, as you think about future capital allocation, is there anything you want to do on the balance sheet? Is there a goal to reduce debt here or maybe to increase kind of future flexibility, if you were to pursue anything on the acquisition front?
Joe Gorder: Roger, that's a good question. I would say generally, there isn't anything that we're expecting to change. We set the target within the capital allocation framework debt-to-cap of 20% to 30% range. Donna has got kind of a minimum cash balance target $2 billion, things like that. Those are just things that we operate with is fundamental assumption day in and day out as we go forward. We get asked periodically about, somebody raised the issue about the sustainability of the dividend. And, that's a really interesting question to come up at this point in time. Because in October, we were all being asked what we were going to do with all the cash that IMO 2020 was going to provide. So, that being said, I think when I look at Valero, I realize that we understand our business and we're making decisions for the long-term based on our strategic view of the market and not hype. And so, we always try to position ourselves financially to be able to deal with whatever the market might be giving us.  So, if we think in terms of dividend, for example, I can just say without reservation that we consider a sustaining CapEx and the dividend to be totally non-discretionary, and we're going to defend them as we allocate cash. We got a really strong balance sheet, and we certainly wouldn't have raised the dividend if we thought sustainably was any kind of issue there. And really, that's it around that. From an acquisition perspective, we'll continue to review them in the context of growth projects. And, when you think in terms of the roll up of VLP, it kind of takes you to the question, well, are you going to continue to invest in logistics projects going forward? And the answer to that would be, yes, to the extent the same benefits Valero's business. And if you recall, even with VLP is a publicly traded entity, we always started with a need at Valero. And then, if we did the project to satisfy that need at VLP and take VLP at 12% rate of return, would it still makes sense for Valero to do the project? Okay. That was kind of the calculus that we went through. And if it was yes, we proceeded. Now, we just look at these projects as an aggregate project. So, the Diamond Pipeline for example, we have a huge benefit on the crude sourcing in the Memphis as a result of the Diamond Pipeline, and VLP was getting the 12% rate of return. Now, all that's rolled in to one set of economics and we look at it in the context of 25% rates of return on refining projects. So, the way we structured the framework, it's flexible enough to allow us to adjust a little bit from time to time, but it hasn't fundamentally changed what we're doing and what we're focused on. So that was a really long answer to a pretty simple question, Roger. So sorry about that. 
Roger Read: No, I appreciate that. I just can't believe you accused Wall Street to be in fickle... 
Joe Gorder: Yes. I know it's hard to imagine. Isn’t it?
Roger Read: Absolutely. All right. Thank you. 
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Phil Gresh: First question, Joe, would be, you talked for a couple of years now about the illustrative EBITDA that you can generate from these projects that you have under way. And, I think in your slides, you talked about $175 million incremental for 2018 from completed projects. So, I'm wondering how you think about that ramp in 2019 and 2020 that we should be thinking about from the projects underway? 
Joe Gorder: Well, we haven't been that explicit in giving EBITDA forecast for ‘19 and ‘20, right? And I don't think we're going to go there. I think, what you've got to rely on really, Phil, is, is the chart we got in the slide deck. And, if you look at our return threshold for our projects, and you say you're going to invest this much strategic capital year-in and year-out, what kind of EBITDA do you expected to produce? And our numbers are $1 billion to $1.4 billion. And that includes the benefit of the coker project, of our ownership interest in DGD, of all the pipeline to terminal projects going on, the alky and so on. And we're still very, very comfortable with those numbers. And so, in terms of moving the needle from an EBITDA perspective in light of our capital allocation framework and the clear recognition that capital is a finite resource, we're going to invest in it accordingly, and the projects we're targeting are going to produce $1 billion to $1.5 billion of incremental EBITDA.
Phil Gresh: Okay, fair enough. Second question is just coming back to your comment on the minimum cash balances. If I take your ending 2018, take out $915 million for the VLP volume in the first quarter, I think you're kind of around that $2 billion level. I realize working capital has also been a pretty big headwind in 2018. So, trying to think about that, is there some kind of perhaps reversal that could happen with crude oil prices now going back up? And just generally wondering how you think about that, in the context of the capital return plans and things of that nature?
Joe Gorder: That's a good questions. Donna, do you want to…?
Donna Titzman: Sure. So, in regards to the working capital, I mean, yes. So, to the extent prices would go up, you would see a shift in the more positive direction in 2019. A lot of the negative working capital that you saw in 2018 had to do with some timing on the capital wins that were really due in ‘17 that were pushed to 2018. So, that has sort of evened itself out. But certainly, there are some other movements in the working capital in 2018 that could reverse themselves. 
Phil Gresh: And then, just in terms of VLP taking that down to $2 billion cash balance. So, I mean, you’re basically saying that you’re kind of at the levels you want to manage that or is there flexibility around that $2 billion or how do you think about that target?
Donna Titzman: Clearly, that was a big amount of cash going out in January. But, we're going to continue to make money, generate cash. And so, you should see the cash balance recover. But, again, we're at that $2 billion minimum; we are comfortable here at that level. 
Joe Gorder: Phil, I mean, we’ve said this for years now. We never -- our plan was not to carry $5 billion of cash quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. And we were just finding ourselves in that situation. And so, there was an intentional plan here to try to tighten this down a little bit. Now, Donna has got our target set. She is the CFO and we're going to try to abide by the target. But, there's no reason for us to sit here with $5 billion of cash on the balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: So, Joe, team, I just wanted to start talk a little bit here about IMO 2020. It's funny, we're 40 minutes since the call and it's got a lot less tense than probably six months ago, which is a reflection perhaps of what you've seen in the forward curve where we’ve seen diesel FO; while it's still favorable, has compressed in 2020, 2021. As you look at this dynamic of IMO 2020, has anything changed in the team's mind about the potential upside from it? And just can you talk about how you see it playing itself out through the markets and the sustainability of that tailwind?
Gary Simmons: Sure, Neil. This is Gary. I don't think our view of what will transpire as a result of IMO 2020 has really changed at all. We still see that you'll see a significant uptick in diesel demand and you'll see weakness in the high sulfur fuel oil markets. The shape of the high sulfur fuel curve is pretty much as we assumed it would be. The starting point is a little higher with high sulfur fuel oil trading 94% of Brent today, but you still see steep backwardation in high sulfur fuel oil curve. I think, the one to us that we keep staring at is the ULSD forward curve really isn't showing any IMO impact at all. And we still believe there will be significant demand increases as a result of IMO and strong diesel cracks as a result of that as you approach that January 2020 date.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate that. And then, the other follow-up and that will be about good -- is RINs, just your thoughts on that market. Again, it seems like something we haven't paid as much attention to lately, prices have been lower for a period of time here. Is there any risk that you see in the RINs market that could send prices higher, and just your thoughts on how it plays out from here?
Jason Fraser: Yes. This is Jason. Just from a policy side, we don't see any seismic shift come in. I mean, the EPA has several rule-makings. They’re looking at the E15 waiver for the upcoming summer for the ethanol guys to give more ability to put more in the market, tied with the market reform aspects. Some rules have been hopefully improved the functioning of the RIN market within RFS reset. But, what's happened is those have all gotten stalled out with the government shutdown. So, we don't see any change in course, more just a delay right now, but I don't see any big catalyst to change things.
Lane Riggs: And then, the small refiner exemption is another piece of this, right? And the EPA followed the rules last year and got a small refiner exemptions where they were appropriate. And that certainly took some of the pressure off the RIN market also. We expect them to continue to follow the rules to comply with the legislation as it's crafted and issue the small refiner exemptions where they are appropriate. And so, Neil, I'm with Jason. I don't see a whole of change in this market going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Joe, this is good result obviously in Q4, but it feels like a tremendous number of things have changed into Q1 equally, so that your comments about gasoline for example. It's not a good time in January to sort of turn bearish. Can you talk a little bit about what the really big earnings impact changes have been? And obviously, I'm thinking about OPEC cuts, Alberta cuts, Venezuela, gasoline markets. It's just a very different environment. How do you expect things to progress in some of those things through 2019, and how different is the environment even in January compared to this very good result in Q4? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: So, Paul, I mean, that's a very good question. And you hit on the point. I mean, it is a very interesting market because there are so many moving parts right now. But, the thing that we always have to keep in mind is that January always stinks. Gasoline is usually weak at this point in time. If the winter is warm, distillates not too salty. A lot of times, Paul, we've been at your conference in the past in January when everybody wanted to slip their risk because things were so miserable. Right? But the reality is, is that we're managing our business for the long term. And we have been in this for a very long time and we understand the cycles in the business. And so what do you do? You make adjustments day-in and day-out in your operations to try to deal with this and to be as profitable as possible. I mean, Lane mentioned some of the things we'll do around cash. Gary has changed in the way he's sourcing crude, on a weekly, daily basis to try to get the best net-back that we can in the plant. The things that we don't change. We don't change our commitment to the things that make Valero really good, which is operating safely, reliably, honoring environmental stewardship, managing our capital appropriately. Those are the things we can control and that we pay a lot of attention to. Day-in and day-out optimization based on certain market conditions, okay, we're all over that too. But, we don't have a crystal ball. And so we just manage the business for the long-term and we do our best. Lane, you or Gary, want to talk any specifics around that?
Lane Riggs: One thing I would add on Venezuela, Venezuela at some point going to have to put oil on the market, even if these sanctions stay in place. So, there's going to be a balancing time through here where whoever buy any alternatives, they'll build buy Venezuelan oil and oil will come to our market. So, I mean, it will also allow you just sort of in a interim time period here where that's got to play out. And of course, if something changes in Venezuela, then it's just back to status quo. On OPEC, OPEC is clearly going to be looking at trying to set the amount of oil in the market based on what are the markets and what's the structure of the market. And again, as Joe alluded to, every day we wake up and we do -- we optimize our assets around what's available out there. We have a great system better than anyone in the markets to get the most value and understand these markets.
Paul Sankey: Great. Thanks, guys. And Joe, I greatly appreciate, shot out for our January refining conference. Saying that you are the only major refining out there this year, but do you remember that we've got our -- don't forget we've got our Napa Valley Energy Summit on the 1st and 2nd of April, and you're most welcome to join us in [Multiple speakers]. Apologies for the shameless plug.
Joe Gorder: Paul, I would expect nothing less. And if you are buying, all I can see, we can make it work.
Paul Sankey: I appreciate that, guys. Thanks very much indeed.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Paul. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Lane, I was just hoping you could sort of expand on the comments that you just made about crude sourcing. I mean, it seems like all the numbers we see on the screen for pretty much anything sour waterborne, it's just not the math that you would normally expect. So, is Mars at minus 2 or Oriente at minus 4? Are those crudes actually pricing their way into the system or is there a chance that in the sort of interim period where the trade routes are sort of getting really drawn that we see cut and runs just because the mediums and the heavies are not competitive?
Lane Riggs: So, I'll take a shot at it and Gary obviously can tune me. Today, where we are is the most profitable crude that we run is our sweets. And then, it's sort of medium and heavy, you are sort of at parity with one another. And it depends on what part of your refinery is trying to sellout. But on the Mars, like the last barrels we try to run on the system where it's really sweet and they all still have margin, positive margin to an open crude unit. So, it's just really trying to navigate and get the right dive into our assets. In terms of just the way trade routes are deploying. I think, again, as I said, I mean, OPEC cuts, they aren't always going to be cuts. And we got to watch how Venezuela plays out on the sanction side. It's just like what happens when around, same thing. So, these all worked, they're not the permanent trade we pass, but the world rebalances when these things happen.
Brad Heffern: And then, I was just wondering if you could give any color on your union contracts. Obviously, the steel workers union negotiations going on right now and the contract expires tomorrow. So, I know you guys didn't have any impact four years ago, the last time that we saw this, but just curious if what do you expect this time around.
Joe Gorder: Sure. So, Shell is really negotiating on behalf of the industry for the pattern bargaining. In terms of Valero, we have two refineries, I think actually tonight at 12 midnight that these contracts expire. And we have two refineries that these contracts will expire that is our Memphis refinery and Port Arthur. We have a tentative agreement with our Memphis refinery right now in terms of just sort of local agreement, pending the sort of the Shell negotiations. And we're still working on our issues at Port Arthur. We don't expect a work stoppage during this whole process, but you just never know. So, we're prepared for that. We have a completely trained temporary workforce to take over the assets in the event that there is a walk out. But, I'm not trying to say we're going have one, but we're certainly prepared for it, as you would expect us to be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Craig Shere: So, picking up on Neil's IMO 2020 question. I just wonder if you could speak to the expanding wastewater regulations that appear to be limiting the option of ship-based scrubbers.
Lane Riggs: Hi. This is Lane. I think what you're asking about, there are some of these environment -- there are some sort of ports that are saying they're not allowing the discharges. Is that what you are talking about?
Craig Shere: Exactly.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So, again, that just makes it a little more difficult for the ships to invest in scrubbers. I mean, again the technology takes the SOX out of the air and puts it into the water. And I think some of these local ports are fully aware of that. It's just another headwind in terms of making it more difficult to try to solve this long range problem out of IMO, which is this really heavy bitumen that's historically been burning these ships and there's only a few other pathway to try to get rid of it. And as Gary mentioned, that's where you really see the forward market trying to understand exactly how it's going to happen is that particular strength.
Craig Shere: So, would you agree that that's just another data point suggesting a perhaps deeper and more prolonged benefit to the refineries?
Lane Riggs: Exactly. That's exactly right.
Craig Shere: And also, just picking up on Roger's M&A balance sheet question. 2018 was a robust acquisition year. We had the ethanol plants, the Peruvian terminaling and the VLP rollup obviously. Do you think that convergence was just a one-off event or do you see ongoing opportunities that can continue to soak up cash balance?
Joe Gorder: Craig, I mean, our practice is not to really kind of foretell what we're looking at from a acquisition perspective. But, I can tell you, there is nothing on the radar screen at this point in time. We'll continue to evaluate opportunities as they arise, but we don't have any pressing need to fix our business sort of fill that gap with acquired assets. I can't call it coincidental, because we made the decision to do the acquisitions last year, right? So, it's far from a coincidence. But the facts are we saw some opportunities that we felt satisfied our strategic interest, and that really was to extend our supply chain and to continue to grow one of our businesses, the ethanol business, buying assets that were priced very-attractively in the market. And so, we took advantage of the opportunity. But, I'm going to tell you there -- I would not model for a repeat act in 2019.
Craig Shere: So, barring ongoing strong M&A and relatively steady billion dollar growth CapEx, robust margins like we're seeing and the opportunity for IMO 2020, it seems like if anything is going to flex, it's going to be the share buybacks, which we saw in the fourth quarter?
Joe Gorder: Yes, sir.
Craig Shere: Okay, good. Thank you very much.
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is open.
Matthew Blair: Homer, did you say 3.8 on ethanol throughput guidance for Q1? And if so, does that reflect any economic run cuts or maybe a big turnaround or something else going on?
Martin Parrish: Well, this is Martin Parrish. Yes, we have cut back a little bit or run in all our plants, so we had some cut back a little bit. There's just not much fund in it right now. But, we take a long-term view and we expect things to turn around. Ethanol demand in the U.S. is going to grow marginally, and export demand way up this year, and we expect that to continue, it's more mandates worldwide, and even better than that just blending economics worldwide for ethanol where it's priced. And we just don't think that can stay that way where ethanol prices is cheap. So, that's the plan.
Matthew Blair: And then, I was also hoping you could talk about Octane in upcoming alky expansion. When we look at Gulf Coast octane spreads coming in around $5 a barrel, a couple of years ago that was more like $10 to $12 a barrel. So, is the alky unit -- what are the economics on today's pricing, and would you expect a widening octane spread going forward?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. So, our Houston alky will come on stream in the second quarter. Our FID decision, I think, the EBITDA will come around 105 million or something like that. So, I'd have to go back and look and see where compare now. But, we are still committed with the idea that A, going forward octane is going to be more valuable. There's a couple of reasons for that. One is the auto is going higher octane; and two, you still haven't seen tier 3. All this tier 3 investment get in and sort of potentially pressure the octane. And then, finally, just all this light crude puts a lot in that out there. So, all that put together, essentially, we believe that octane is going to be valuable. Where it is versus our funding decisions, where we just have to check, but we still feel like it's a good project. And the same true for our St. Charles, Alkylation project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Weiland with US Capital Advisors. Your line is open.
Craig Weiland: Yes. Hi. Good morning, and thank you for fitting my question, and congrats on the great quarter. You have about a quarter of your Gulf Coast refining capacity located in Eastern Louisiana. And it looks like probably bridge is about to start up here, start delivering barrels into St. James at some point, maybe this quarter, also a slew of other proposed projects that have been introduced in recent weeks and months, designed to move crude into that market over the next couple of years. So, I'm curious, if you could elaborate on how you think Valero's crude procurement options will develop on the back of these projects and what type of impact they could have on your Gulf Coast feedstocks. I appreciate any color you can share.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think, the biggest thing for us in the eastern Gulf is St. Charles is obviously a heavy sour refinery, and getting better access to heavy Canadian crude would be a big advantage for us there. And so, we're certainly looking at some of the projects that are out there, namely the Capline reversal has a potential to be able to get more cost effective heavy sour crude in to St. Charles is a big benefit to our system.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Your line is open.
Jason Gabelman: Hey, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Just a couple of questions. A follow-up on the comments about running the FCCs, just to maximize alky production. The inputs into the FCCs, are those able to be blended into the marine fuel pool, or is there from a technical standpoint, an issue with meeting marine fuel specs, if you try to blend that backing gas oil into the marine pool?
Lane Riggs: Hey, Jason. This is Lane. So, yes, the fees, particularly the marginal fee which is low sulfur VGO into these FCCs will fit into the half-a-way percent fuel oil market.
Jason Gabelman: Okay, great. And there's not an issue with any of the other specs outside of meeting the sulfur spec?
Lane Riggs: We've done a lot of work in terms of blends, making sure that there's some compatibility. There is not -- the spec for is not that rigorous. It really ends up being -- there's just sulfur spec. So, really what you really got to be careful of is for something that you do to the blend that creates compatibility. I'm pretty confident, ultimately, industry will work through all that. It's not to say that really on there won't be some of those issues. We've worked with some of these people to try to work on our own blends around that. So, that's really the only issue this potentially could have.
Jason Gabelman: And just looking more near term, obviously 4Q benefited from some better capture than anticipated and trying to figure out if that could continue into the first quarter. One area I think where there could be some upside is on the butane blending. It looks like butane prices have fallen pretty hard against where gasoline prices are. Do you expect that to support capture rates in the first quarter relative to its support in prior first quarters?
Gary Simmons: Yes. We see the spread. But, it's not a real meaningful contribution to our overall earnings for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Homer Bhullar for closing remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Shannon. We appreciate everyone joining us. Please feel free to contact the IR team, if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Martin Parrish - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd. Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC Jason Gabelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Valero Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. John Locke. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning. And welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, its says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We had solid safety and operational performance in the third quarter. Refinery utilization exceeded 99% and we set a new record for light sweet crude processing as discounts relative to Brent remained very attractive. We also delivered strong financial results outperforming the third quarter of last year despite a margin environment that was generally less favorable. Our use of the Diamond Pipeline and Enbridge Line 9B again contributed meaningfully to the performance of our Memphis and Quebec City Refineries, as these pipelines provided access to discounted Cushing and Canadian sweet crudes respectively. We look forward to the startup of the Sunrise Pipeline expansion, which is scheduled for November 1. This pipeline will add another 100,000 barrels per day of Permian pricing exposure to our Mid-Continent refineries and displays an equal volume of less competitively priced crude. We continued to deliver on our commitments to grow Valero's earnings capability through growth investments and acquisitions, while delivering returns to stockholders. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion was completed in August, bringing the current renewable diesel production capacity to 16,500 barrels per day. Development continues on a project to add a parallel facility and further expand the production capacity to a total of 44,000 barrels per day. A final investment decision is expected before year end. In September, our board of directors approved a project to construct a 55,000 barrel per day coker and a sulfur recovery unit at the Port Arthur refinery for a total cost of $975 million. Upon completion in 2022, the refinery will have two parallel crude vacuum coker trains. The additional coker capacity is expected to improve turnaround efficiency and provide margin benefits from increased heavy solid crude processing capability and reduce intermediate feedstock purchases. Earlier this month, we agreed to acquire three ethanol plants from Green Plains with a total nameplate capacity of 280 million gallons per year at a cost of $300 million, plus working capital estimated at $28 million. These plants utilize ICM and Delta-T technologies that are located in the corn belt, enabling us to transfer best practices from our existing portfolio and capture commercial and operational synergies. We expect to fund this acquisition with cash and anticipate closing the transaction in the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to customary closing conditions and possible FTC review. Construction of the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and the Pasadena products terminal remains on track and work continues to progress on the Houston and St. Charles alkylation units and the Pembroke cogeneration plant. These projects are scheduled for completion in 2019 and 2020. Moving to Valero Energy Partners, we announced last week the execution of a definitive agreement and plan of merger to acquire all of the outstanding publicly held common units of VLP at a price of $42.25 per unit. The transaction is expected to close as soon as possible after meeting customary closing conditions. Given the paradigm shift underway in MLP markets, Valero evaluated a range of options before the partnership and Valero concluded that a merger would provide the best outcome for Valero shareholders and VLP unit holders. This transaction offers compelling benefits for Valero shareholders in terms of cash flow synergies in a simplified structure. At the same time, the merger addresses MLP investor sentiment that has shifted away from favoring the high distribution growth, an equity funded drop-down model to a model that favors slower distribution growth and self-funded organic growth. The merger also offers a premium to VLP's average trading prices and immediate conversion of VLP's equity to cash. Now, turning to cash returns to stockholders. We paid out 55% of our year-to-date adjusted net cash provided by operating activities and we continue to target an annual payout ratio of between 40% to 50% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. As we look forward to the fourth quarter and into 2019, we remain optimistic. Global economic activity continues to grow at a reasonable pace. In the U.S., unemployment rates are at record lows. Domestic and international product demand is strong. Gasoline export volumes are expected to increase seasonally, while distillate export should moderate as winter demand picks up in the northern hemisphere. Despite margins incentivizing maximum distillate production at relatively high industry utilization, days of supply for distillate remain near five-year lows. And with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the third quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $856 million, or $2.01 per share, compared to $841 million or $1.91 per share in the third quarter of 2017. Operating income for the refining segment in the third quarter of 2018 was $1.3 billion compared to $1.4 billion for the third quarter of 2017. The $90 million decrease is mainly attributed to lower gasoline and secondary products margins, partially offset by wider discounts for sour and sweet crude oils versus Brent. Refining throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2018 averaged 3.1 million barrels per day and throughput capacity utilization was 99%. Throughput volumes were 207,000 barrels per day higher than the third quarter of 2017 when the operations of five of our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries were impacted by Hurricane Harvey. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.67 per barrel were $0.08 per barrel lower than third quarter of 2017, primarily due to higher throughput in the third quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $21 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2018 compared to $82 million in the third quarter of 2017. The decrease of $61 million was mainly due to lower ethanol prices in the third quarter of 2018. Operating income for the VLP segment in the third quarter of 2018 was $90 million compared to $69 million in the third quarter of 2017. The increase of $21 million was mostly attributed to contributions from the Port Arthur terminal assets and Parkway Pipeline which were acquired by VLP in November of 2017. For the third quarter of 2018, general and administrative expenses were $209 million and net interest expense was $111 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $517 million and the effective tax rate was 24%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $9.1 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $3.6 billion, of which $128 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion of cash was 24%. At the end of September, we had $5.3 billion of available liquidity excluding cash of which $750 million was available for only VLP. We generated $496 million of cash from operating activities in the third quarter. Included in this amount is $729 million use of cash to fund working capital. Excluding working capital, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.2 billion. Moving to capital investments, which excludes acquisitions, we made $604 million of growth and sustaining investments in the third quarter. Sustaining investments of $435 million include $171 million of turnaround and catalyst costs. The balance of capital invested in the quarter was for growth. With regard to financing activities, we returned $775 million to our stockholders in the third quarter. $341 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 3.8 million shares of Valero common stock. As of September 30, we had approximately $2.8 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to expect 2018 capital investments to total $2.7 billion with about $1.7 billion allocated to sustaining the business and $1 billion to growth. Included in this total are turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.76 million to 1.81 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 265,000 to 285,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 480,000 to 500,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $3.80 per barrel. Excluding the acquisition of the three ethanol plants from Green Plains, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter, our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4.1 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2018, we expect the annual effective tax rate to be about 23%. For the fourth quarter, we expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation to be approximately $220 million, net interest expense is estimated at $110 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $525 million. Lastly, given recent declines in ethanol and biodiesel RIN costs, we are reducing expected RIN's expense for the year to between $450 million and $550 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that our callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, and nice quarter as usual.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Joe, if we could, one thing you didn't talk about in the overview, but is certainly very topical here, the IMO 2020 thought process. So, story comes out, administration doesn't like it, no surprise there. But the IMOs meeting this week. Can you talk about maybe what we're seeing, and what your expectations are, how that fits together? And if there is any change in how you're looking at the potential impact about this time next year into early 2020?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hello Roger, good question. We'll let Jason speak a little bit about that.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Hey, Roger, this is Jason. I'm sure many of you all have been following that meeting you just referenced. The Marine Environmental Protection Committee's meeting is going on all week in London. And I'm sure you all have experienced the same as we have, it's a closed meeting, so information trickles out in drips and drabs at different times, but this is what we've gleaned from it, from what we've been able to ascertain. Looks like there's been two very positive developments come out of the committee so far. Looks like the carriage ban will go into effect on its original proposed date of March 1, 2020. There was a proposal I believe by Bangladesh to delay it, that was defeated. And it will be officially voted on either today or tomorrow, to lock it in. So, we think that's a very big deal since it gives the port states a powerful tool to help them force the new specs. You don't have to prove the ship burn non-compliant fuel, they just have to look and see – just having it in the fuel tank on board is a breach of the regulation but unless the ship has a scrubber. That's going to help a lot with maintaining compliance. The second bit of good news relate to this experience building phase proposal that's caused quite a bit of commotion and that's what was referred to in that Wall Street Journal article. Now, exactly how this proposal would work was never really clear to us. The proponents themselves actually took the step of issuing a clarifying statement, saying it wouldn't delay or phase into spec change. Nevertheless, there was a lot of worry that this might be a path at least of potential delay or watering down of the standards. So, there was a lot of debate on it at the meeting and the report we got yesterday was that the committee reached an agreement at the end of the day that the proposal will be limited to data collection and analysis and cover nothing else. So, there'd be nothing about a phase-in or initially relaxed enforcement. So our main take away so far is that the committee seems to remain firm in its commitment to fully implement the spec change on January 1, 2020, and then make sure the right enforcement tools are available.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Second unrelated question, you've got two acquisitions coming at you this quarter, the ethanol and the VLP deal. How should we think about the 40% to 50% payout of cash flow in terms of dividends and share repos relative to the commitments in this particular period with the acquisitions or do we think about the acquisitions as a balance sheet event and the CFFO is the normal process?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Roger, that's another good question. And we've been very consistent in our messaging, in our execution around our capital allocation framework. And really what we're talking about here is the discretionary uses. There is no consideration of affecting our maintenance CapEx, or turnarounds or the dividend in a negative way. So, this really is focused on the discretionary uses and if you look at what we've done, we've got really good growth projects. The Diamond Pipeline is performing very well. We've got the coker project, which has significant returns, it's under development. We got the (17:19) Central Texas pipeline and many more really good growth projects that are underway. If you look at it from an acquisition perspective, which is another component of the discretionary piece, we got the ethanol plants which Martin can talk about here in a bit, but we were able to buy ethanol plants in a down market. And when we're looking at acquisitions, that's always what we're trying to do. And then on the repurchases, we've got the payout ratio which is overriding, but we've been very ratable in our acquisition of our shares and we're focused on buying this. So, what I would say here is that you should expect that our behavior to remain consistent going forward with what we've done in the past.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Awesome. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, buddy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I have to apologize that first question is somewhat similar to what Roger just asked on the IMO, but I want to focus that, Jason, you guys have a lot of contact in DC and in the White House and all. Yeah, I know Joe then met with President Trump for a number of times. Can you give us some insight that what exactly the White House trying to do? Or what is the proposal they have in mind in terms of slow down, the rollout? I mean, what kind of mechanism or what kind of program that they have in place or what that they are thinking?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Sure. And I don't think they've come to a conclusion yet. And one thing we shouldn't do is read too much into this one story with an anonymous source from the administration as being a statement of their policy. From our discussions, we don't think the administration has reached or formed conclusions yet. They all understand the economic impact of the potential changes, but there is nothing yet. Now the word was, they were supporting that experienced building phase and in that context or it seemed to be that it would lead to some type of delay or lax enforcement upfront, but looks like that was very clearly shut down within the committee. Importantly, we were told the U.S. delegation actually supported this conclusion of basically morphing that proposal into something that only dealt with data-gathering. So I think it's an ongoing discussion. They don't have a firm commitment yet or firm position yet and they're just trying to understand the situation.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Jason, just curious that in the conversations you have with the White House staff, does any occasion come out as a nuclear option saying that U.S. could even drop out from the ECA destination. Can the President have the authority that just use executive order to get out if he want to?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: It is pretty complicated. I don't think they're having discussions a lot about that yet, anything that extreme. And we've tried to understand this is very complicated, this international kind of treaty law. And I can tell you what we've been able to glean, although we're definitely not experts on it. It sounds like he could pull out or the U.S. could pull out of the entire treaty, the MARPOL treaty or the entire Annex. He doesn't have the option to just pull out of the IMO 2020 sulfur regulation. And that would take 12 months notice and there is no certainty around whether the Senate would have to approve that or go along with it. But the point is, if he pulled out of the entirety of Annex VI, which is the narrowest thing you could deal with, that covers all of the international marine, air pollution requirements. So, the ramifications would go way beyond the IMO sulfur, the 2020 regulations. So, it wouldn't be taken lightly by the administration and it would have ramifications way beyond that spec. So, I think it would take a lot of thinking and see if they want to do that. Even if you did pull out of the treaty, the other complication is a lot of the requirements and regulations or provisions of the treaty have been incorporated into separate federal statutes. So, even if the President withdrew from the treaty, the statutes can't be changed except by an act of Congress. So they would still be in place. So, it's a very long and messy process to go down that road.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. And my second question that maybe is for either Gary or Lane. Maya, seems like it's being – it's priced very expensive, do you find that is attractive for you to run it now? Or that you can have other alternative you would be able to find this far more attractive, are you running it at all? And then maybe as a final, after the roll in of the VLP, will the reporting format of the companies be changed that you just roll everything into refining and no longer report VLP or logistic result on a separate item? Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Paul.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Paul, thank you. Maya question, certainly the volatility between Brent and WTI in the Midland Cushing spread along with fuel getting strengthened has wreaked havoc on the Maya formula and so we would certainly say that Maya is not priced competitively in the market today. We had several conversations with PMI. I think they are well aware that their barrels are not been priced competitively into the U.S. Gulf Coast and they will make adjustments as we move forward. I also think that Maya is not really as relevant of a marker for heavy sour crude as it used to be. Certainly in our system, the only heavy sour barrels that we buy that are priced off the Maya formula are the barrels that we get from Mexico. The remainder of the barrels are not priced off of Maya. Today, Canadian heavy barrel and the U.S. Gulf Coast has $8 to $10 advantage over Maya. So, we still see a good incentive to push heavy sour crudes into our refining systems but I would agree, Maya is not priced competitively today.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: And then I guess the next question was, Paul your fourth, was relative to...
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: The segment reporting question. Yeah. So we assume a process of evaluating the segment reporting going forward once VLP is no longer publicly listed. We don't have anything to share with you at this moment but that is something that we're looking at.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, buddy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: I wanted to get your views on market fundamentals and specifically, while distillate demand and inventories appear pretty positive, the converse seems to be true for gasoline, although net exports for both seem to be pointed in the right direction. So, my question regards really demand trends in the domestic and the regional market that you guys are involved in for these two products. And also whether you sense that price has allocated demand somewhat in North America and Latin America in recent months, whether we are seeing some demand destruction of any sort. So, just kind of an overview on gasoline and distillate please?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure. This is Gary. I think, basically demand is kind of where we'd expected it to be going into this year. You've had a little bit of demand growth compared to last year, about 1%. The real surprise, especially on the gasoline side is just very high refinery utilization, so. And year-to-date, we've averaged 93% refinery utilization, 2.6% higher than where we were last year. With that increase in refinery utilization, gasoline production is up about 2% over where it was last year. And even though you've had an increase in demand you've had about 2 to 1 increase in production over demand, and it's caused a surplus in the inventory build. As we move into the fourth quarter, I think you've seen gasoline cracks get very weak. Some of that is typically as you move out of driving season, you see weaker demand for gasoline. And then you also have the potential to even slow the gasoline production further as you move out into RVP transition and get butane into the pool.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Yeah.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I think, there are a few bullish signs in the gasoline market, inventory has actually grown in the last couple of weeks and a lot of that is due to what you alluded to, we've seen very good gasoline exports. In the last three weeks in a row, we've averaged about 1 million barrels a day of gasoline being exported. In our system, we're seeing very strong South American demand. Of course, in South America they're moving in. So, there's summer driving season, which has been supportive of the gasoline crack. And when you look at gasoline inventory on a days of supply basis and you take those exports into account, we are about the five-year average range on a parent days of supply. On the supply side, it looks like we could be getting some help as well. In the last set of hydro data I've looked at, it looks like Northwest Europe hydroskimming margins have turned negative.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Yeah.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Conversion – even conversion refinery economics are about breakeven. In the U.S., we're seeing very tight margins on reformers and cat crackers. And even in the U.S., the hydroskimming refinery, if you don't have an advantage crude supply those economics are getting challenged as well. So I think you'll see some gasoline come off the market. In fact, in the last week of BOE stats, you did see gasoline drop fairly significantly. Gasoline yield drop fairly significantly. And then I think, you're starting to see some indications of some run cuts in the industry as well, the Brent curve move from backwardation to Contango, it's may be an indication that you're getting some run cuts that are starting to pressure down the front part of that Brent curve.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Can you spend just a second on distillate as well?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So distillate I think if you look at where distillate inventories look both on an absolute basis and certainly on a days of supply basis, we're very low.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Yeah.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: We really just haven't been able to replenish distillate inventories since the hurricane last year. We continue to see very good export demand for distillate as well as domestic demand. And certainly in the Atlantic Basin as you're moving into heating oil season, we would expect demand to be very strong for distillate. Then again on the distillate side, I think, if you do get some hydroskimming refineries and some refinery run cuts that will even be more supportive of the distillate market as well, because you'll take some of the distillate production offline as well.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Sure. Thanks a lot guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Joe, I'm sorry my first one is an IMO question as well. So I wonder if I could take advantage of Jason being on the line. Jason, the situation as it relates to I think Paul's question earlier about the White House and so on. Our understanding is that it's really the enforcement is really done to member states. Do you have any thoughts on what the signaling from the U.S. whether they pulled out or not, does it really come down to the penalties or the enforcement mechanism which could ultimately be eased if – as one method of a kind of work around. I'm just trying to think about how the rule making evolves over the next 12 months? And any thoughts you might have on that would be appreciated?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. No, you're right. That's the key component and historically the U.S. has been one of the most zealous enforcers of MARPOL through the Coast Guard and the EPA. And think about how shipping works and like I said all shipping within the U.S. is already covered by the tighter sulfur spec, which we seem to be fine with the 0.1% in the ECA. The only other shipping that's involved is stuff going to and from the U.S., and if the U.S. didn't want to enforce it especially now that we have the Carriage rule in place, the flag state would have authorities to enforce it and wherever that ships, the other end of the voyage, right, where it's coming to and from, that port state would also be able to enforce it, and has the Carriage rule to help it. So, you'd say even if the U.S. chose not to enforce, which would be very uncharacteristic of us, there should still be a lot of mechanisms in place to do it.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. A lot of moving parts, we'll see how it plays out. But I guess, my second question is also kind of related, if I may, and it really gets to the Doug Terreson's question about the gasoline market. It's maybe one for Gary, but whoever wants to chime in, our understanding is that there's a broad consensus, Europe – let's face it, this is the best thing to happen to European refineries in 20 years. There was an expectation utilization is going to go up at the same time as a lot of U.S. light sweet crude is going to make its way to European markets at the end of next year. How do you see that impacting the Atlantic Basin gasoline market and related to IMO, if I may, is it a kind of an offset, which is to swing the cat feed into the bunker fuel market, there is a viable solution to perhaps resolving some of the potential tightness in the distillate side? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think the way you characterize it is very similar to the way we see it. I think, it looks like for the next several months, certainly fourth quarter through first quarter gasoline market is going to remain weak. And certainly as European refiners run more the U.S. light sweet crude, you have the potential to put more gasoline on the market. And it's really when you start getting into the fourth quarter and people start to reacting to change for IMO and you pull some of the VGOs out of the cat to get them into the bunker market, the gasoline balances start to tighten back up along with some demand growth.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So does that cap the upside risk on potential diesel margin spike as it relates to IMO demand?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I don't really know that it spikes. No, I don't really know that I understand what you're asking, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So the perception is that diesel margin spike on the back of swing from away from high sulfur fuel oil into marine diesel. But if we're cutting back cat feed on weak gasoline markets, doesn't that solve part of the problem?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I think, most of the forecast that we think says that that will happen, but it will help make up for the shortfall in the marine bunker and the high sulfur fuel being pulled out of the market. Combination of that with ULSD going to the marine market as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. A lot of moving parts. Thanks, fellows, appreciate the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Thanks, guys. I was wondering, if you could share some thoughts around your CapEx plans next year. Now with the logistics business rolled up and the coker spend particularly on the growth side, and how that looks between your business segments? And if you may longer term just any thoughts around that allocation split? How that will evolve with the new business structure?
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Benny, this is John. We really don't have our capital guidance out there yet for 2019. If you look at what we've done here in the last couple of years, it's been sort of in this 50/50 allocation logistics and refining. I mean we've gotten projects set out there obviously, that's part of the bigger strategic plan, but we only have guidance on this year.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey guys, sorry. I don't have an IMO question. My question is more on the very strong performance on the North Atlantic side. I just wanted to understand was it both the assets equally contributing? Or was it (33:31) capturing the European cracks really well, or was it also the Québec city benefiting from the light-light spread? Any color you can provide on the very strong results on the North Atlantic region?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Manav, this is Lane. So really what you saw in our North Atlantic strong crack attainment was our exposure to this wide Brent TIR and really it's our line 9 reversal that we invested in. We only had access to sort of the distressed Canadian crudes coming out of that region of the world. So that was really what drove us not only to have exposure to the price of those crudes, but also to run a little bit more rate as a result of that.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And one follow-up sir. E15 was recently announced by President Trump and there were some concerns that it might eat up into a small portion of the gasoline demand, but I know you guys have very strong views that it's not going to be as material as people think. There are lot of challenges to E15, so if you could give some color on that also please?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure. I'll let Jason talk to you a minute about that.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. You're right. Back in October 11, the White House announced they were going to direct the EPA to start a rule making to get the E15 RVP waiver in place for next summer. And this is something ethanol guys have been fighting for a long time. It's been at the top of their list. We don't think it's going to be a sudden big increase in ethanol penetration. But first of all, there are lots of reasons E15 hadn't taken off already. Not just – it's not just related to this RVP waiver. Retailers have concerns about equipment compatibility. There's risk to engines that aren't warranted for the fuel, who's liable for it if you have an issue. Questions about consumer demand. But – and there's only about 1% of the stations in the U.S. have E15 now about 1,400 stations. And when you figure out what will it take to offer E15, there's varying questions, basically you have to spend some money, and you have to spend a lot of money or little money kind of depending on the configuration of your station. But there's going to have to be some capital spend. And that brings us to the legality of this rule. Now, there is a big debate about whether the EPA has the authority to grant this RVP waiver for E15, like some people think they do and then a lot of people also think that it's going to have to be done by Congress because the RVP waiver for E10 is actually included in the RFS statute itself. So, one thing is certain is whenever the EPA rule goes final, there's going to be a bunch of people suing, a lot of lawsuits challenging EPA's authority to do this. And this is going to take a couple of years for that to work its way through the courts before you get a final answer. So, now put yourself into shoes of one of these retailers who's got to spend money to able to offer E15. Now, you're going to spend money with the risk of having stranded capital because in a couple years, the court may void it. So, I think that's going to be – have some type of a chilling effect on the capital rollout, which will keep things – keep the rollout from being very aggressive, along with just the general problems with E15 we've talked about a lot.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you guys. This was very insightful. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just wanted to circle back on the pad on the Atlantic Basin. Part of that – I appreciate the color on what the strength there was. I wanted to just sort of drill down on the product side. You're able to get your distillate yield up, gasoline volumes down, obviously optimizing through the dynamics there, but just wanted to get an understanding if there's anything on the product pricing side or moves you have been able to do in that market that they're also helping to realize margin there? And then how to think about that on a go-forward basis versus broader regional dynamics?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Lane again. I think, the only other comment I would make is that our Québec refinery, the way we have that refinery configured, it makes a – have a very high distillate yield for the kind of crude that it runs. The only time you get into a market where the gasoline crack is depressed in relation to the heat crack that refinery will perform very, very well. And as we all know, I mean, the heat crack has sort of being outperforming the gas crack here of late. So when you think about that as a base going forward, that's really one of the big drivers for that performance in that area is Québec's distillate yields.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And I guess my follow-up also not an IMO question, but wanted to ask is how the Western Canadian heavy and short, near-term and then maybe looking to 2019 plans, just to getting more WCS down into the Gulf Coast if it was Lake Charles. I was – we've been hearing a lot about rail and incremental transport volumes. So I just wanted to see if you have any color there or an update on what we can expect. I'm thinking about this also longer-term with respect to the Port Arthur coker decision?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. This is Gary. I think, in the short term, really you're going to depend on rail to clear the production in Western Canada. And I think you'll continue to see that market constrain. We're certainly ramping up our rail volume some. We did about 30,000 barrels a day in the third quarter. We expect to get that up to 40,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter. And then it looks like there's some additional rail being dedicated to that market early next year. But I think before you see a meaningful shift in the Western Canadian differentials, you're going to have to have one of the pipeline projects done. And it looks like, the first opportunity for that would be the Line 3 Replacement Enbridge project, which looks like the earliest that would happen would be late next year.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much gentlemen.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Joe, I was wondering if you could just spend a minute walking through the rationale for buying in VLP versus potentially doing something with the IDRs or other options that are available to you. And then additionally, you mentioned in your prepared comments that there will be some cash flow synergies and so I was wondering if you could give some sort of quantification of that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. You bet. I'll take the first part and I'll let Donna take the second part. But if you go back to the original plan with VLP, we've used the MLP structure and its lower cost to capital to develop projects that supported Valero's core business. And whenever we did a project at VLP or at Valero for subsequent drop to VLP, it was always with a, does it benefit Valero and help integration into supply chain going forward. So that was where we started. Okay. We got it out there. We have this great base of logistics assets that we could drop down and opportunities enable us to provide the MLP investor with a clear line of sight to ratable growth. We had a sub 3% yield on VLP's equity and we were executing as promised. Then the MLP markets appetite changed significantly from a drop-down driven high-growth sponsored MLP equity to a self-funded low growth model with corporate and governance rights. And the cost of capital was also higher than that at VLO. So we looked at this for a year or more. We're very patient. We watched carefully for any catalyst change that would support a shift back to our original design and we saw none. So we looked at every available option. We agreed that the best outcome for both Valero Energy and the VLP owners was the buy-in. VLP unitholders get a premium to the average trading in the market and VLO stockholders get an accretive transaction. So it was a win-win, which are very hard to find and it's dealt with a problem we've got or that we had, which was that we had an entity out there that we needed to retain control over and we weren't able to grow it. So, Donna, do you to take the second piece?
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes. In regard to the other option that we've...
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah.
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: – we've looked at so a lot of talks in the market had been about eliminating the IDRs, you know, unfortunately that doesn't solve the underlying issue of being able to fund growth because you still wouldn't have access to the equity market. Some other options that we've seen MLP's chose are converting to C corps. As Joe mentioned these assets are key to us, and maintaining control over them is absolutely key to support a lot of our primary refineries and we didn't want to put the MLP into a structure that jeopardize Valero maintaining control over those assets. So we looked at a lot of different options as Joe indicated. We took our time doing so. We have spent the last year also looking at all of this – all of the options at whether or not we really thought the MLP equity market would recover at anytime soon and we kept coming back to buying in was the best solution for both the unitholders and the shareholders of Valero.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You know, Brad, it's interesting in that every solution that one might consider is unique to their individual circumstances. And somebody else might choose to do it differently. VLP was small enough and it afforded us this opportunity. If it was huge, we probably wouldn't have had the opportunity to do something like this or we would've had to do it differently. So anyway we think we made the right decision and the timing was such that we were able to execute it now we decided to go ahead and do it.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then any quantification of the synergy benefit?
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: They're coming from a lot of different places. Obviously the leakage fund – unitholder – public unitholder distribution is a large piece of that. The public company cost is another piece of that. And just the simplified structure cuts a lot of administrative costs out of the equation.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Appreciate the thorough answer.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Low with Redburn. Your line is now open.
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First one is just on the – hi, the first one is just from the ethanol acquisition. Can you give us a more color on the strategic rationale behind that? And perhaps whether you'd look to do more deals in the biofuel space in the future? And the second was just a quick one. In the release, you talk about a $700 million working capital build. Is that simply the impact of rising oil prices? So should we expect it to unwind in future quarters? Thanks.
Martin Parrish - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure. On the ethanol, this is Martin. We take a long-term view at this. And if you step back and look at ethanol, it's going to be in the gasoline pool for a long time, right, and it's a core part of our strategy. So the opportunity came up to buy three quality plants. So we took it. We see corn ethanol as the most competitive octane source in the world. We expect ethanol demand to grow globally. If you look at exports, they are up about 30% year-on-year for the last three years. Exports will be 10% of production this year and you also see domestic production has been growing at about 3.6% a year, this year that growth is going to slow to something 1%, 1.5%, so that big increase in production is slowing down. So we think things are going to start improving on the supply demand balance and with that we will get some margin improvements. So it was just, we're always looking at acquisitions, our last one was in 2014 for ethanol and it just became an opportunity to us, but looked good and we took it. On the future, we will continue to look in this space and then the other thing we're obviously looking at in the biofuels is what Joe mentioned, a decision on the Diamond Green Diesel too, that will be coming up before the end of the year and that's it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: And then Peter you were asking about working capital?
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: That's right.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: What was your question again, sorry, just repeat it?
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: It was, there's is quite a big build in the quarter, about $700 million. I was just wondering, was that simply an effect of rising oil prices, so should we expect that kind of unwinds over the next few quarters?
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: That was a combination of some volume and some price impact and there should be a fair portion of that that will reverse itself.
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: That's great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning team. First question I had was around Port Arthur and the decision around sanctioning the coker project. Can you talk a little bit about the economics of it? How should we think about it either on an IRR basis or incremental EBITDA for the capital that you're spending there?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi Neil, this is Lane. So, really the benefits are twofold. One is the feedstock flexibility, there was an earlier caller that asked the question around our view of Canadian heavy sour in the Gulf Coast, and we certainly had a longer term view there was going to be considerable amount of heavy sour in the Gulf Coast and in addition to that just our overall sort of how that fits into our optimization of our Gulf Coast. We'd like to benefit from the feedstock flexibility. And secondly, it's turnaround efficiencies. This is a two – today, this is almost a two train refiner with the exception of a big coker. So anytime we're taking certain units offline to do turnarounds, there is a lot of synergies and having this additional to essentially finally separate this refinery into two separate trains and build and execute turnarounds in a more efficient manner. With respect to EBITDA, I'd characterize that we think the EBITDA is around $325 million using mid-cycle prices and I am going to preface it by saying that mid-cycle doesn't include IMO. So we've always been – we've been pretty vocal saying this is not really an IMO project. This is very much about optimizing our system. Obviously, if our outlook is to make $325 million in our mid-cycle case, then it's got a lot of upside in an IMO 2020 universe.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I appreciate that Lane. And the follow-up is just on the Brent/WTI differentials. There is two parts to this question. One is, how do you see that evolving over the next six months to a year with the spread obviously at a very wide level and arguably beyond transportation economics, but then again with the potential for Cushing to build in the intermediate term? And then the second is that you guys have done a good job of whether it's through the Sunrise Pipeline or through the Diamond Pipeline actually getting access to those light barrels. So, can you just talk about how you are evolving the system to capture those inland discounts?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey Neil, this is Gary. I think we see with the start up of the Sunrise Pipeline and then production increasing around Cushing, you will have more barrels beginning to make their way to the Cushing hub. Certainly, as PADD 2 turnarounds wind down, you'll get some demand back, but most forecast I see shows that Cushing continues to build through next year and I think you really have to get to the point of late next year when some of the large Midland Permian to the Gulf Coast projects come on that allow Permian production to clear to the Gulf and some of the barrels that are currently going to Cushing get pulled away before you see Cushing start to draw again. Yes, and back to our system, Sunrise and Diamond and then Line 9 have all increased our access to certainly the Midland and Cushing barrels, which has been a significant uplift for us.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks team.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi, good morning everyone. For the IMO, to make it simple for the IMO question, what's your current assumption for the number of barrels a day that are going to be affected here when we get to 2020? I just wanted to sort of simplify the whole question?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I don't know that we have an absolute number that we give. There is roughly 3.5 million barrels a day of Marine Bunker being consumed and our view is a majority of that has to switch to the 0.5 spec.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Yes. And essentially although you said the coker project is not IMO related, I guess you're expecting essentially the IMO change to go through at considerable scale basically?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey Paul, this is Lane. We do believe IMO will go ahead. I think that's our view. But we didn't fund or we didn't do this project because of IMO 2020. We see a lot of upside. We see a lot of upside on that.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Right. So, is it then based on a heavy light spread assumption, can you talk a little bit about the midcycle that you referenced as being the rationale for the investment? And I have one follow-up which was just, given the VLP takeback, could you keep going and actually buy MLPs now? Is that a thought? Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: I'd say Midcycle is just the way we define it. Midcycle is sort of the average – the last average of the last 10 years sort of pricing scenario, so we're trying to capture a full-blown refining cycle absent sort of what we consider to be major dislocations primarily I would say in the domestic crude market, for example, when we had the Brent/WTI blow out a few years ago out to 30, we throw that out and what we consider to be a midcycle. So that's how we price it.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Sure.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: All right, Paul. Paul, you got a follow-up for Lane or...
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: No, I was going to ask about this idea that maybe you keep going and buying some MLPs?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I mean, we've always had that opportunity quite honestly, right. We could have done it in VLO and then subsequently drop the assets to VLP. We'll continue to look at them. But here again I think our general view of the space is that we need logistics assets that provide better access for crude and feedstocks into the refinery and more access to markets with products moving out. And to the extent that there is an opportunity out there that scratches those, one of those two itches or both, I think we will really look hard at it. Otherwise, I don't think that – it's certainly not what I would say a specific point of focus where we're looking at and saying, gee whiz, we need to go now and roll up MLPs.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Understood. Thank you, Joe.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet. Take care, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi Craig.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Could you all walk through the timelines for the buildout of contracted and acquired assets in Mexico and Peru? Maybe elaborate on the potential export implications both on volume and margin? And Joe relating to your last comment, could you opine on the opportunity for additional Latin American infrastructure opportunities post the Peru investment?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: As far as timeline...
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: As far as timeline, we acquired the terminal, it's operational. There is a second terminal...
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: That's Peru.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: That's Peru, I'm sorry. And there is a second terminal in the northern part of Peru that we are in the process of reactivating and that should be first quarter of next year. So we'll have over 1 million barrels of receipt facility in Peru. And in Mexico, the Veracruz terminal, which is about 2.1 million barrels of storage should be in service the end of this year, early first quarter of 2020 and then the inland terminals which combine between Puebla and Mexico City should be the end of 2020 (sic) [2019], first quarter of 2021 (sic) [2020].
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. So that's that. And then Craig, we do continue to look for opportunities to put a stake in the ground internationally. Gary, do you or Rich have any other comments on that? Okay. No?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. So we'll continue to look – I think really part of my focus right now and the team's focus is, okay, we've got the terminal in Peru and we bought an entire business. So Gary is running – not only we got the terminaling operation, but we've got a marketing business that was associated with that. And it takes a while to get your arms around things and to be sure that we're maximizing the value of it. So we're looking at that as a potential stake in the ground to allow us to do more on the western coastline of South America. And then I think we'll look for opportunities to continue to try to move to the eastern coastline down the road, but no specific plans right now.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Hi, good morning. Just a couple of clarifying questions or follow-ups. First one would be, obviously between the ethanol plants and the growth opportunities in VLP, you've had a string of announcements recently. I think one of the questions that's been out there is just can you – with the organic pieces of this can you fund this all within the construct of your existing capital budget framework? And I know you don't want to give specific 2019 guidance, I guess yet, but just trying to clarify that key point? And then Joe just generally, I mean do you feel like there are other opportunities out there that you're looking at? Or you just happen to have a string of things that just kind of came up recently?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well. So, we're not deviating from the capital allocation framework. And yes, to answer your question even though we haven't provided guidance for 2019. I think we generally provided ranges that we thought were with our capital ranges and we're not deviating from that. So that's not going to change. I would say that the timing of these opportunities – acquisitions are always opportunistic. And so Martin and his team did a good thorough evaluation with Rich's team on the ethanol plants and we had a willing seller. And so we had an opportunity to buy at numbers that were very attractive relative to deals we've looked at over the last couple of years. The VLP buy-in, it was just timely for us to do that. Again, we were patient. I mean it could have happened in June, right, but we wanted to wait and see if the market changed. When we finally concluded that we had a basically a broken equity out there and this VLP wasn't going to do for VLO what we expected it to do, it's time to move on and get out of it. And that's exactly what we did. So it is more coincidental that these things happened at the same time and certainly a sign of things to come.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Just a second question is just on the throughput guidance for the fourth quarter. Yeah, I think you're assuming at the midpoint may be 96%, 97% type utilizations. I guess, I'm just a little surprised by that because of the commentary around some parts of the world needing to do run cuts. So I guess, obviously, Valero is a low cost refiner. So perhaps it's less impactful for you guys. So I was just wondering how you think about your throughput guidance in the context of the pretty weak gasoline cracks that are out there right now?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Phil, this is Lane. I think when you think about throughput, it's primarily feedstock and crude, right. So at this time, we think our assets are pretty competitive and so our outlook is not that unchanged minus whatever turnaround activity we have in a particular region. Gary's comments earlier around where margins are, are predominantly we see a weak North Western Europe hydroskimming margins and Mediterranean hydroskimming margins. And then we are starting to see sort of breakeven economics on conversion units in the entire Atlantic Basin. So we'll just see how that affects our – in reality, what our throughput is, but at the time we gave this guidance that was kind of how we saw the universe for the next three months.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Chris Sighinolfi with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for all the added color guys. Two quick follow-ups if I could. Obviously there's been some questions on capital allocation. I realize you're not deviating from your historical approach and also, we're not in a position to provide 2019 CapEx guidance. But just curious how views around leverage are influenced by the recent developments, it seems like obviously organic investments, acquisitions provide some opportunity for capital deployment. The share price has obviously pulled back and you've talked about opportunistic buys historically. So can you just remind us or revisit views around sort of consolidated leverage?
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So our target for leverage is between 28% to 30% and we're at the lower – at 24% to the lower half of that. We have a large cash balance today to fund a lot of the things that we're talking about as well as some borrowing capability.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. So, no change in that, feel comfortable with it. Okay.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Also following up on the E15 question, appreciate the market views. They're really helpful. But I'm just curious how a potential approval of the President's proposal might impact your own ethanol operations if at all. And then also any views around additional ethanol acquisitions. I think Joe in your prepared remarks you had noted federal review of the Green Plains plant acquisition as a condition. So I'm just wondering if there's any market concentration issues at any point that you think you might run into.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay.
Martin Parrish - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Martin. I would say on the E15, it really doesn't impact our ethanol production thought process any, go along with what Jason said on that. It's going to be slow and very measured penetration into the market here in the United States. So it really doesn't impact how we're looking at things. As far as future acquisitions, we keep looking at them. I mean the largest producers are still only 11%, 12% of the market space in the United States. So it's probably not an issue.
Christopher Paul Sighinolfi - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the added color, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jason Gabelman with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Jason Gabelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Yeah. Hey guys. How's it going? If I could ask two quick ones. Firstly, just on cash from ops. It looks like in addition to the working capital drag there was an additional $200 million of cash drag that was unexplained in the press release. I was wondering if you could provide any commentary around that? And then secondly just on gasoline demand growth. I know you referenced 1% growth kind of year-to-date, but it seems like that growth has been moderating a bit over the past couple of months. Are you seeing a similar trend? Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You want to take the second one first?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Jason. Yeah, let's take the second one first.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Gasoline.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Yeah, so on gasoline demand, I'd tell you that the only real visibility we had to that is through our wholesale channel. Quarter-over-quarter our volumes were up 5%. So our wholesale volumes grew at better than the demand growth. We did see slight reduction in volume from the second quarter to third quarter only about 1%, but we really attributed to that. It looked like most of where we lost demand was in the Southeast and was storm related.
Jason Gabelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it.
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: And on the question about the remaining cash usage, we made a contribution to our pension plan in September, about $100 million and the rest of it is just a lot of miscellaneous items.
Jason Gabelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Great. Thanks a lot.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Coming back to Prashant's question on WCS, you mentioned that we should expect a small near-term increase in rail volumes. I was wondering have you made any pipeline commitments on the future pipes, like L3R, KXL, or the transbound expansion?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Gary. No, we don't have any pipeline commitments, but we do have some arrangements with producers where we would buy barrels in the Gulf when those pipelines are done.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on the West Coast, we saw a pretty expensive ANS barrels in Q3 and then I think today, we're back to a premium versus Brent. Any color on what's going on with ANS?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that the West Coast market was actually the most impacted by some of the volume slowdown from the Middle East. Some of the Saudi barrels and Kuwaiti barrels that went out to the West Coast kind of took pressure off the ANS. So, as we see the Saudi volumes ramp back up and more of those barrels making their way to the West Coast, I think it takes some of the pressure off of the ANS.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session and I'd like to return the call to Mr. John Locke for any closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks Andre and thanks everybody for calling in this morning. If you have any additional questions, please contact the IR team. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. John Locke. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning. Welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Donna Titzman, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and several other members of Valero's Senior Management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Now I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release which, in summary, says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning everyone. During the second quarter, we operated well and delivered solid financial results despite having turnarounds in our Gulf Coast and North Atlantic regions. We processed near record volumes of light sweet crude and we maximized heavy sour crude runs in our refineries as discounts widened to levels we haven't seen since 2014. We were positioned to take advantage of these discounts more fully due to our logistics investments including the Diamond Pipeline which enabled our Memphis refinery to capture additional margin from running WTI instead of LLS. And with relatively wide discounts for WTI versus Brent, our commitment on Enbridge Line 9B also provided meaningful margin benefits. Looking ahead, work continues to move forward as planned on the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and the Pasadena products terminal with completion expected in 2019 and 2020. We expect the Sunrise Pipeline expansion to start-up in early 2019 which will provide our Mid-Continent region with even greater access to cost advantage Permian crude. Turning to our refining investments, the Diamond Green Diesel capacity expansion is nearing completion and start-up is scheduled in August. Construction is also progressing on the Houston and St. Charles alkylation units and the Pembroke cogeneration plant. We expect these projects to be completed in 2019 and 2020. With regard to cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 51% of our year-to-date adjusted net cash provided by operating activities and we continue to target an annual payout ratio between 40% to 50%. Looking ahead, we continue to have an optimistic outlook for the balance of the year. Global economic activity remains healthy and product demand is strong domestically and internationally. Gasoline and distillate export volumes are steady. Days of supply of light products remain below five-year averages despite recent high industry refinery utilization rates. And while crude discounts have narrowed recently, the oil market remains well supplied and we expect differentials to widen again as the industry enters turnaround season. And with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the second quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $845 million, or $1.96 per share, compared to $548 million, or $1.23 per share in the second quarter of 2017. Second quarter 2018 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $928 million, or $2.15 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany this release. Operating income for the refining segment in the second quarter of 2018 was $1.4 billion compared to $945 million for the second quarter of 2017. Excluding $21 million of other operating expenses primarily related to costs associated with the fire at the Texas City Refinery in April, adjusted operating income for the second quarter of 2018 was $463 million higher compared to the second quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 is mostly attributed to higher distillate margins and wider discounts for sour and domestic sweet crudes versus Brent, partly offset by lower gasoline margins. Refining throughput volumes in the second quarter of 2018 averaged 2.9 million barrels per day and throughput capacity utilization was 93%. Throughput volumes were 121,000 barrels per day lower than the second quarter of 2017 due to maintenance in the U.S. Gulf Coast and North Atlantic regions. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.67 per barrel were $0.11 per barrel higher than the second quarter of 2017, mainly due to lower throughput in the second quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $43 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2018, compared to $31 million in the second quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was primarily due to higher distiller grains prices and stronger production volumes in the second quarter of 2018. Operating income for the VLP segment in the second quarter of 2018 was $83 million compared to $71 million in the second quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was mostly attributed to contributions from the Port Arthur terminal assets and Parkway Pipeline, which were acquired in November of 2017. For the second quarter of 2018, general and administrative expenses were $248 million and net interest expense was $124 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $523 million and the effective tax rate was 22%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt was $9.1 billion and cash and cash equivalents were $4.5 billion, of which $100 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 24%. At the end of June, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $750 million was available for only VLP. We generated $2.1 billion of cash from operating activities in the second quarter. Included in this amount is $581 million benefit from working capital. Excluding working capital, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.5 billion. Moving to capital investments, which excludes acquisitions, we made $718 million of growth and sustaining investment in the second quarter. Included in the $510 million of sustaining expenditures was $270 million for turnaround and catalyst costs. The balance of capital invested in the quarter was for growth. With regard to financing activities, we returned $672 million to our stockholders in the second quarter. $345 million was paid as dividends, with the balance used to purchase 2.8 million shares of Valero common stock. As of June 30, we had approximately $3.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We completed a $750 million public debt offering in May, and in June we repaid $750 million of senior notes due in 2019. We continue to expect 2018 capital investments to total $2.7 billion, with about $1.7 billion allocated to sustaining the business and $1 billion to growth. Included in the total are turnarounds, catalysts, and joint venture investments. Now for modeling our third quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.73 million to 1.78 million barrels per day, U.S. Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 270,000 to 290,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 445,000 to 465,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be approximately $4 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2018, we continue to expect the annual effective tax rate to be about 22%. For the third quarter, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $215 million. Net interest expense is estimated at $110 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $515 million. Lastly, we continue to expect RINs expense for the year to between $500 million and $600 million. That concludes our opening remarks. And before we open the call to questions, we would again respectfully request that our callers adhere to the protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits, as this will help us ensure all callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. How are you all?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess let's dive into the big question that's out there. Q2 was great. Q3 a year ago was really good. Q3 this year maybe doesn't look like it's starting off quite as strong, but if you can kind of walk us through maybe, Joe, how you see the market structure here as we look to the back half of the year. Maybe thoughts on turnarounds within the industry, where we are in terms of demand trends and then where you see, call it, crude access at this point given some of the issues out of nearby OPEC countries.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Roger, that's great. We'll let Gary go ahead and take a whack at these.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Roger, I think you know on the diesel side, much like Joe commented in his opening remarks, demand remains very strong both domestically and to the export markets. Domestically, we're seeing about 125,000 barrels a day of demand growth. So despite the fact that we've had record high refinery utilization and distillate production that's above the five-year average range, we really haven't been able to replenish diesel inventories to pre-hurricane type levels. So we continue to see very low diesel inventories, very strong export demand and very strong domestic demand. So moving forward into the third quarter, I think you see some production fall off as we get into turnaround season and refineries come down for turnarounds. And then, of course, as you get later in the year, you'd expect to see some improvement in demand as heating oil season kicks in with some colder weather. So, to me, I think diesel should even be stronger in the prompt market, but when you look at the fundamentals, I think we're in for a very strong diesel year. On the gasoline side, again, gasoline demand looks good domestically and into the export markets. Here with the record-high refinery utilization and increase in gasoline production, gasoline production increases are outpacing the increases in demand a little bit, so we've been able to replenish gasoline inventories to kind of a pre-hurricane type level. As we move forward in the gasoline markets, like diesel, I think you'll see production fall off some with turnaround season. But assuming you don't have some interruption in supply like we saw last year with the hurricanes, I would expect gasoline to follow more seasonal trends, and once you get through driving season through Labor Day and demand falls off a little bit, you'll see gasoline cracks weaken as we get into the fourth quarter. On your crude question, we continue to see good availability in crudes despite declining production in Venezuela. We continue to get above our contract levels there. Seeing good supply from Canada. North American growth continues to exceed expectations and then we're starting to see more OPEC volume make its way to the United States as well.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So no problem on the crude side then?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Then just a quick follow-up. Guidance on cash OpEx if I understood was $4 a barrel. You've consistently done much better than $4 a barrel. So my question is simply, is there something going on expense wise? Or is this just closer to budget and if you perform better you come in lower on a per-barrel basis?
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Roger, this is John. We take a view, right, as of a point in time and sometimes that changes over time. I think as you look at that number probably today, maybe there's – it's come off a little bit from there, but that is what the number is at the time we take the forecast.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So no major changes or anything that's changing sequentially, just part of the budgetary approach?
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Right.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, guys. My question is; you recently made some acquisitions in Peru on the biodiesel side. I'm just trying to understand if you could give us some more color on that acquisition? And would the earnings of that new segment or whatever acquisition you have made go through in the refining segment or the ethanol business?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Good question. Rich, do you want to?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, you bet. I'll answer this. So just to be clear, the acquisition here was not a renewable diesel acquisition. There's an idol renewable diesel plant there but it's been out of service for several years. This was really a wholesale marketing and terminal acquisition. We acquired two terminals that have in excess of 1.2 million barrels of storage, two truck racks, two offshore mooring facilities to offload product. So this is really set up to bring product into the country and not a renewable diesel play.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, it fits into our overall approach to securing shorts essentially in different international markets. We've got the activities that are taking place with Mexico, we've got now Peru, we've got other facilities that we're into today and we're looking at. But we've talked about being more involved in having access to the supply chain from the refineries out, and this acquisition just fits right into that. Essentially what we bought was a business, an operating business, and not a particular asset. So we feel pretty good about it, we also believe it's going to allow us to expand the business around that. We've got a team on the ground, obviously, right now working this, and their focus is, okay, we've got a strong market in Peru, where else are we going to take barrels that pass through this terminal.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you so much, guys, for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think this maybe is for Lane. Valero has continued to, seems like performing better and better in your refining operations. You've been consistently that I think outperform your throughput guidance even when you have some unplanned outages and all that, and that also seems like while you guys clearly are the leader here but the industry also doing better. Lane, when we're looking at fundamentally, is it good reason other than, say, the pricing is good so everyone trying to run hot. Is there any other reason why that we've been despite more environmental standard, one would think that more stringent standards would make it more difficult for the industry to maintain a high run rate. Is there anything fundamental has shift?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, this is Lane. Could you repeat that last couple of sentences, please.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Well, I'm just trying to understand that, is it just because the commodity pricing is attractive so everyone is trying to run hotter, which is understandable. But other than that, is there anything fundamentally that make the industry be able to run their system much better than in the past?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: I think, generally, the industry has experienced through, whether it's through our shared understanding of via some things like Solomon, what good looks like and everybody's on their own individual journeys on how to get better in these spaces. And it's clearly been our focus to do that and we've improved our operation a great deal over the past 10 years, and we think we'll continue to improve. There's always room for improvement. But it's a focus to be safe and reliable, and obviously, environmentally compliant and all those things lend themselves to being a much more reliable operation.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you think that we have much more room to push on a sustainable basis to be better than what we have seen? I mean, it has been quite remarkable how well the industry has done.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I'm not going to speak for the industry. I'll speak for Valero. Our real focus is to continue to minimize unplanned outages, and in particular to try to find ways to minimize our downtime, our turnaround downtime over an entire cycle, and make sure that our spend rates during that time is the right amount to achieve that. And that's really where we, in terms of going forward, that's where we see the most of our opportunity.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So you don't think that you max out yet?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Final one for me, Texas City, can you give us an update, the fire, when that is going to be back to normal operation? And also do you give any color about, I think previously talking about the coker investment?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: So, on the SCC question, the Texas City, the SCCs came back from current outlook, back to normal operation. The alkylation unit, we currently believe will sort of be mechanically restored at the end of August, so we'll resume full operation in the alky in early September. With respect to the coker, we're just still working through the permitting process with all the stakeholders. We have to ultimately have an operating permit, a construction and operating permit to go forward, and really even to get in the position to make the final FID decision. I mean, and that's just the way our gating process works, so that's where we are.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Pleasure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. Morning, Joe.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Joe, you clearly are throwing off a great deal of cash, and obviously, we continue to admire the discipline at which you're returning cash to shareholders. So my question is kind of two-edged on that topic. And it is, why is 40% to 50% the right number? And given the substantial EBITDA you still hold at the parent company level, what's your latest thoughts on drop-down timing from an MLP standpoint? And I've got a macro follow-up, please.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Doug, good questions. Donna, you want to talk about the payout ratio.
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure. On the capital allocation perspective, we just believe that 40% to 50% is the right balance between returning to the shareholder via cash in the dividend and share buybacks, but also preserving some cash back at the parent to reinvest in the company, that being in the form of sustaining capital, but also growth opportunities and acquisition opportunities.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So just to be clear, I guess, on the MLP question, if you did do some additional drop-downs, what would be the priority for the use of that cash? And, I guess, what I'm really getting at is the balance between the dividend and the buyback, do you see that changing at some point? Because, obviously, a lot of your rerating has been driven by, I think anyway, the move towards being more of a yield stock within the S&P. I'm just wondering if you can see a little bit more of a pivot back towards the dividend away from the buyback. And I do still have a micro follow-up, please.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. No, Doug. I mean, good question. On the drop-downs, I mean, the reality is that Valero receiving cash back via drop-downs, just hasn't materialize the way we all expected it to, and that's because the capital markets just aren't there for MLP equities today.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: I think MLP debt is okay. But, essentially, the way it's working out is Valero is the financier for VLP. And so as far as the cash perspective goes, there is no windfall of cash to be achieved for Valero by dropping down assets to VLP. It's the way the market is today. Will the market be this way in six months? I don't know, okay, but that's the way it is today. So there's not a big windfall of cash, I would say, to be had because of a drop-down opportunity. We continue to look at the balance between the share repurchases and the dividend. And our basic view is let's get the dividend up to where we're paying out towards the high-end of the peer group, so that we're competitive there. And then, we use the share repurchases as a flywheel. The 40% to 50% range we give you is essentially our target. And to the extent that free cash flows exceed our expectations, we've used that flywheel than to go ahead and repurchase additional shares. And I think we're very comfortable with that and that's probably what we'll continue to do going forward. But rest assured that the dividend is something we talk about regularly. We are absolutely 100% committed to it. And whenever we make changes to it, we want to be sure that we're able to deal with it in good times and in bad times.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the extended answer and, obviously, the arbitrage has closed some. So hopefully a quick follow up, Joe. I just wanted to close out the micro comments. It's an IMO question, I'm afraid, but there's obviously a great deal of uncertainty on how this is going to play out. And I just wanted to get your updated perspectives because it seems that bunker fuel associations and others around the world are starting to talk about what the real challenges are going to be of meeting the 1/1/20 date and particularly the pivot back towards scrubber options amongst other things. The example that's been cited is that delay of the water ballast rules that was pushed out two years because the industry was not ready. And I'm just curious if you've got a perspective as to how confident you are that things are going to transpire as optimistically, let's say, as some in the market are currently talking about. I'll leave it there. Thanks
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Doug, that's good, and we'll let Jason talk a little bit about IMO.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, we've seen the same thing you have with a lot of discussion about how practical (25:19) implemented, whether the timeline's right. But at least our view now is we expect it to be implemented and enforced internationally according to there's timeline they put out without any big disruptions. The definitely hadn't made any indications to backing off at this time and if anything, they're working to put in place more effective enforcement mechanisms, like looking at whether you lose your insurance if you don't, it you violate the provisions or also potentially prohibiting vessels without scrubbers from transporting the higher sulfur material. But it is a big change.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Exxon Mobil, Jason, suggests that it might not be a bad idea to be the last man standing from a high sulfur fuel oil standpoint. Do you concur with that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Gary, would you like to mention that one?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I don't know. We don't make a lot of high sulfur fuel oil and I don't really see it that way. I think you're going to see a lot of people, as you get closer to 2020, to liquidate what inventory of high sulfur fuel oil that they have.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Phil.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. The first question is just thinking ahead here with all the growth in U.S. light sweet crude production coming and, obviously, we have the Permian bottlenecks but those will be resolved, so all those barrels are going to be pointing towards the U.S. Gulf Coast and probably on the Houston side where you have a prime position. So how do you think about how that plays out? What might happen to discounts in the Gulf Coast and the export capabilities of the system today and where they're going?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Phil, this is Gary. I think, overall, it looks like most people are focused to tie a pipeline project with the dock project which allows the barrels to get to the water. I think you'll still have an advantage by being able to buy the barrels inland and buy the barrels on the Gulf Coast before they make their way to the water. But it looks like people are investing in logistics all the way to the water, not just to the Gulf.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So do you have a specific long-term view on like a Brent, Houston spread and what's reasonable based on transport?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So I think we look at it, did it cost anywhere from $0.50 to $2 to get the barrel on the water and then you have some transit cost to get the barrel actually to a market. And so that puts MEH to Brent spread somewhere in the $2 to $2.50 type range.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And then just a little bit of a follow-up to a prior question just on the heavy side. We have seen some tightening of, like, the LLS – Maya, LLS, Mars spread. So I'm just curious how you see that playing out for the rest of the year. You made the comments about the Middle East barrels coming back. So do you see a re-widening of that spread as we move into, call it, the fourth quarter?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: So I think I'll start with the heavy sour. So far, the Maya formula has really been impacted by the widespread in Brent/TI and the volatility in that Brent/TI spread. I think where we could get some relief on the heavy sour discounts is our view is as you move into the third and fourth quarter and you some turnaround activity in the Mid-Continent, you'll see some Cushing inventory begin to build which will allow the Brent/TI spread to widen out. And as that does, the Maya formula would again be impacted. And so you could see the heavy sour discounts widen out some. Overall, I think to get big relief and see significant discounts in medium or heavy, you do need to get the OPEC production back on and so how fast the OPEC production ramps up will certainly have a big impact on those quality discounts.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Anything specifically on the mediums?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No, I don't, today, you look in pretty much all the crude grades are trading at their quality-adjusted breakeven values. And so I think that holds until you see the OPEC barrels come back to the Gulf and then you could see those discounts widen back out. Today, at least the barrels we're taking from OPEC, the Saudi barrels that we're taking are going to the West Coast and so we haven't seen an incentive to reintroduce those barrels into the Gulf. But as they make their way back to the Gulf, then I think you start to see the medium sours widen back out.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Matt.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Maybe to stick on this heavy sour theme, I think, Joe, in your opening comments, you talked about how you maximized heavy sour crude runs in the quarter. If I look at the data, your Gulf Coast system ran approximately 36% heavy plus resid in Q2. And then if we look way, way back to 2006, you ran approximately 51% heavy crude plus resid. I appreciate the system make-up has changed a little bit with Aruba and the crude toppers, but if you saw an environment with wider heavy dips over the next couple years, could you run more incremental heavies through your Gulf Coast system?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Matt. This is Lane. So I think one of the things you mentioned accurately is our portfolio is a little bit different than it used to be. In particular, we have the two topping units that run sweet and then also because of the clear margin that we've had on crude, like what Gary alluded to the answer in the last question was that you sort of have all the grades are on a quality basis equivalent. So it's really just been max crude rate. And so to the extent that refinery gets leveraged from that particular crude diet, it will maximize it. If you had us work – heavy sour was very, very disconnected and that was clearly the winner way over the other two, then we would run more heavy, we just may not run as much crude.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Sounds good. And then also want to circle back to the comment on how Line 9B from Enbridge provided some margin upside, just keeping in mind that Québec had the big turnaround in the quarter. If you look at the EIA data, it seems to indicate that somebody is shipping WCS on Line 9B and then tankering it down and selling it to the Gulf Coast refineries. Is that a source of upside for Valero here?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: It would be, but we didn't ship any heavy, and actually shipping heavy for us would be an issue because mainline, the Enbridge mainline is prorated and so actually being able to nominate heavy and ship it through Line 9B would be very difficult for us to do.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Craig.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Just wanted to expand on Doug's cash question and I think Donna's comment that you appropriately want to retain some powder dry for potential acquisitions and obviously growth projects. But the growth projects have been pretty stable, maybe about $1 billion annually, and think that you all have commented in the past the M&A market is not especially cheap. And cash flow certainly looked to be increasing second half over first on sequentially lower maintenance CapEx, prospects for improving cracks and then, of course, there's the outlook for IMO 2020 coming up. So my question is, is there a logical limit, an absolute limit to the size of the cash build as you kind of think of sticking to this 40% to 50% payout ratio over time?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So historically – and I'll let Donna tail onto this however she would like – but historically we have said that we were going to stick to our capital allocation framework, which we have for four years now and we'll continue to do it going forward. But a component of that really has been the commitment also to not build significant cash positions. And if you look at it, I would tell you – and, John, you can tell me I'm wrong, but we've been between $4 billion and $5 billion of cash now for a number of quarters in a row.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: We set the target of 40% to 50% on the payout ratio. We've consistently raised the dividend. So our commitment to the shareholders on an absolute basis has gone up, and we'll continue to look at that going forward. But we're going to stick to this. We're not going to continue – we're not going to allow ourselves to run the cash balances way up. We think it's fair to our investors that if we are building cash, we're going to deploy it. And when it makes sense to deploy it to them versus investing it in projects within the business, we're going to do that. Now, Lane and the team continue to develop projects. We executed on some acquisitions this quarter, which chewed up some cash. So, it's not all committed to share repurchases. We are using it to continue to grow the earnings capability of the business. But I think we're generally comfortable with the way we've been allocating it thus far.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I guess my question is – and I understand the cash balance has been relatively under control in recent quarters. But, I guess, if there's a break out as many people kind of envisioned for the industry in coming quarters in the next couple of years, how you might respond to that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well – and I think that our expectation would be that over the next bunch of quarters, we are going to see – and certainly as we get closer to 2020, we should see significant increases in our free cash flow as a result to the IMO 2020, and we're going to maintain our commitment to our capital allocation framework through that process. Now, does that mean higher dividends? Could well be. Does it mean additional share repurchases? Could well be. We don't want to abort our disciplined process to executing capital projects. Okay? Lane and the team have done an outstanding job over the last several years of really getting their arms around this and being sure that we knew what the project was going to cost and what we expected the returns to be before we made the commitments to it. To the extent you try to accelerate that, you potentially degrade that process and we really would prefer not to do that. So, if we have an abundance of cash, acquisitions may look better. Share repurchases will still be certainly probably a big part of our use of cash and potential dividend increases.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. I appreciate the color.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Low with Redburn. Your line is now open.
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: I have one on the Texas City outage. I think in the release, you kind of break out the exceptional expense. But what was actually kind of the impact on earnings in terms of kind of the lost opportunity from that outage during the quarter?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi. This is Lane. So, our lost opportunity due to the outage during the second quarter was $150 million.
Peter Low - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Okay. That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey. Just one quick follow-up here. So, you have a couple of projects around expanding your alkylation capacity, and I was hoping you could just provide an update on where you stand regarding the EBITDA contribution potential from those projects. It looks like octane spreads have widened a little bit year-over-year, although we're nowhere near where we were, say, back in 2015. So, in general, do you expect that Tier 3 would reduce octane supply and maybe rising fuel economy standards would increase octane demand? Just any comments on that would be great.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi. So, Matt, this is Lane. You sort of answered the question, I believe. The Houston alky, we're still going to start-up in the first half of next year. Our strategic view on that is is that octane will get more valuable as we go forward via Tier 3 destroying octane and then, obviously, the fuel economy standards. And then, really, this increasing wide arbitrage between NGL and gasoline, or transportation fuel. So we still feel good about those. Our FID EBITDA at the time was $105 million. We're not going to – that's the number. We're not going to provide any other color with respect to sort of a forward market or even a prompt market view on that.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session and I'd like to return the call to Mr. John Locke for any closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Sandra. Look, we appreciate everybody joining us today and please contact me, the IR team, if you have additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp. Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 Valero Energy Corp. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. And I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. John Locke. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning. Welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We started the year with bullish fundamentals, healthy product demand and days of supply for total light products below the five-year range. However, as the quarter progressed, winter storms, fog along the Gulf Coast and strong refinery utilization delayed seasonal product draws, creating some margin headwinds. But despite these challenges, Valero performed well and delivered solid financial results. As you know, we've been investing growth capital in logistics projects. An excellent example of this is the Diamond Pipeline, which is running well and enabling us to capture additional margin into our refining system. We increased pipeline throughput during the quarter, which provided our Memphis refinery with greater access to Cushing and Midland crudes that are cost advantage versus LLS. We made additional investments in logistics to further reduce secondary costs and increase margin capture. We acquired the SemLogistics Milford Haven fuel storage facility in Wales. We also entered into a joint ownership agreement with Sunrise Pipeline LLC, a new pipeline connecting Midland and Wichita Falls, Texas. Construction also continues on the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and the Pasadena products terminal. We expect these investments to improve flexibility in product and feedstock supply in our refineries when completed in 2019 and 2020. Turning to our refining investments. Work remains on track for the Diamond Green Diesel capacity expansion and the Houston and St. Charles alkylation units. These projects should start up between the third quarter of this year and 2020. In addition, our board of directors approved the construction of a 45-megawatt cogeneration plant at the Pembroke refinery. We expect to see lower operating costs and improved electricity and steam supply reliability when the project is completed in 2020. Turning to cash returns to stockholders. We paid out 57% of our first quarter adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. And we continue to target an annual payout ratio of between 40% to 50%. In closing, we remain optimistic about the margin environment for the year. Global economies are growing. Product demand is strong, particularly in Latin America. And days of supply refine light product inventories are below five-year averages. With our highly reliable and flexible refining system, we are well positioned to capture margin tailwinds arising from these positive trends. And with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the first quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $469 million or $1.09 per share compared to $305 million or $0.68 per share in the first quarter of 2017. First quarter 2018 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $431 million or $1 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany this release. Operating income for the refining segment in the first quarter of 2018 was $922 million compared to $640 million for the first quarter of 2017. Excluding $170-million benefit from the retroactive Blender's Tax Credit and $10 million of expenses, primarily related to ongoing repairs at certain of our refineries to address damage resulting from Hurricane Harvey in 2017 and other increment weather conditions the first quarter of 2018, operating income for the first quarter of 2018 was $762 million. The increase from 2017 is attributed primarily to higher distillate margins, which were partially offset by narrower discounts for medium and heavy sour crudes versus Brent. Refinery throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was 93,000 barrels per day higher than the first quarter of 2017. Throughput capacity utilization was 94% in the first quarter of 2018. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.78 per barrel were $0.09 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2017, mainly due to higher throughput in the first quarter of 2018. The ethanol segment generated $45 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $22 million in the first quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was primarily due to stronger distillers grain prices. Operating income for the VLP segment in the first quarter of 2018 was $84 million compared to $70 million in the first quarter of 2017. The increase from 2017 was attributed mainly to contributions from the Port Arthur terminal assets and Parkway Pipeline, which were acquired in November of 2017. For the first quarter of 2018, general and administrative expenses were $238 million and net interest expense was $121 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $498 million and the effective tax rate, excluding the retroactive Blender's Tax Credit, was 22% in the first quarter of 2018. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt was $9 billion, and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.7 billion, of which $71 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 24%. At the end of March, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $750 million was available for only VLP. We generated $138 million of net cash from operating activities in the first quarter. Included in this amount is a $1.1-billion use of cash to fund working capital. Excluding working capital, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately 1.2 billion. Moving to investing activities. We made $631 million of growth and sustaining capital investments, of which $448 million was for expenditures to sustain the business, including $220 million for turnaround and catalyst costs. The balance of capital invested in the quarter was for growth. With regard to financing activities. We returned $665 million to our stockholders in the first quarter. $345 million was paid as dividends with the balance used to purchase 3.5 million shares of Valero common stock. As of March 31, we have approximately $3.5 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Capital investments for 2018 are expected to total $2.7 billion with about $1.7 billion allocated to sustaining the business and $1 billion to growth. Included in the total are turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.61 million to 1.66 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 460,000 to 480,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 280,000 to 300,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 355,000 to 375,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $3.85 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of four million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2018, we continue to expect the annual effective tax rate to be about 22%. For the second quarter, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $180 million. Net interest expense is estimated at $120 million. And total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $520 million. Lastly, we expect RINs expense for the year to be between $500 million and $600 million, which is approximately $200 million lower than previous guidance, primarily due to lower RINs prices. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we will again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Hey. So, first I want to say congratulations to Mike and that I've enjoyed working with you over the years and good luck in the future, first of all.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: You're welcome. And my question is on IMO 2020 and specifically how you guys are thinking about the type of products that are likely to be provided to the market as it seems that many fuels are still in the design phase and there's a lot of uncertainty in that area. And on marine fuel blends, how challenging the issues of compatibility, stability and availability of supply along these marine fuel networks are likely to be as the market goes through the transition in coming years? So two questions on IMO 2020.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Doug. This is Gary. I think I'll start with the latter part of it. I think you really hit the nail on the head in terms of the challenges on IMO and the fuel quality. A lot of these blends, it's about stability of the fuel. And so we're certainly doing a lot of work in that area to understand some of these blends and things that can be done to be able to produce the 0.5-way percent (13:05) spec. But because a lot of those challenges, certainly the industry today is pointing more towards a lot more ULSD in the marine bunker business and that's the reason; it's the stability of the fuel.
Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay, thank you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Market. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Joe, on the repurchase front. Obviously, the stock's up almost 70% over the past year. At some point, is there a change in the calculation there where some of the cash looks more attracted to M&A or maybe to the dividend or some other use rather than the repurchase, or is it truly just a flywheel for excess capital?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: No, it's the latter. And the capital allocation framework we've used now for several years just remains in place. We'll continue to invest for growth. We will continue to maintain our commitment to the dividend. And we'll use surplus cash for share repurchases. That being said, if we saw a transaction out there that we thought was excellent and that provided synergies for the company, we wouldn't hesitate to approach it. But that's been part of the model, the framework now for several years. So I don't expect anything really to change going forward.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then maybe, for Gary I'll ask another IMO question. Obviously, we're all consumed with all the positive potential benefits from that. Are there any offsets that you guys are thinking about, I'm particularly thinking about if industry runs (14:56) move up a lot in order to meet the distillate side of the equation, are we going to see weakness in gasoline? But any other thoughts along those lines will be helpful.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No, I think that we're – we actually feel that IMO will be supportive of gasoline cracks as well, and the reason for that is a lot of the low-sulfur feedstocks that are going to cat crackers today to produce gasoline, you want to pull those in to make the low-sulfur marine bunker roll stack (15:23). So I think overall, IMO is very supportive to both gasoline and distillate.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks all.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning team. I just wanted to start with a big thank you to Cisko. You came into the role 15 years ago. We looked this morning, the stock is up 1,300%, over 4x the market before even looking at the dividends. We know the ride hasn't been linear, but it has been a great one and we appreciate your steady hand at the helm of a financial shift.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Neal, Donna has got a high bar to jump over...
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, the questions I had here were all in the crude differential because you guys have unique perspective on this. And first one I'll start on the light side. So we've seen WTI Midland really widen out here in 2018, you guys have a good perspective on this, especially now with your involvement with Sunrise and with very new – a few new pipelines coming into, let's call it, the back half of 2019. There's investor concern, certainly, on the producer side that these differentials really could widen out towards trucking economics. So I want to get your perspective on what's going on in the Midland? Is there sufficient trucks to ultimately move the crude from West Texas down from to the refining centers at Corpus Christi? Are there constraints, and how does this all kind of play out? And then I have a follow-up on the heavy side.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Neil, this is Gary. I think when you look at kind of what's happened to the Midland market over the last six months, November we had the enterprise, the Midland-to-Sealy pipeline come on with 450,000 barrels a day of takeaway capacity. As that started up, the Midland Cushing spread came in fairly narrow and then we continue to see production ramp-up, which as the production ramped up pretty much all the pipeline capacity at either Cushing or to the Gulf Coast was again being consumed. And then in the first quarter, I think, to compound all that, you had some refinery maintenance in the Mid-Continent. And so some of the demand for some of those Midland barrels that's typically there went away and so the Midland Cushing spread really widen out. I think we see – what we see is that as refining capacity comes back on in the Mid-Continent, that Midland Cushing spread will come back in some. But as you get out later this year and early into 2019, it does look like once again production will ramp up to the point where logistics will be a limit and we'll be in for a period where that Midland Cushing spread will be relatively wide until the next pipeline project come online.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And do you have a view, Gary, in terms of how much it will cost to truck crude from West Texas down to the Gulf Cost assuming that is the marginal barrel?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: We did a little bit of that when the differential blew out several years ago, and I don't remember what the numbers are, Neil. But it's expensive to move by truck.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Great. And a follow-up question on the heavy side. We've seen this Canadian differentials tighten up here. It's going to be a big turnaround season in May and June. But production looks like it going to keep on ramping towards the end of year. So just thoughts on Western Canada? And then also LLS Maya, which has increased despite some of these Venezuela issues would be helpful.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. I'll start in Canada. Yeah, I think we saw Canadian differentials really blow out and then have since come in some. We had the Fort Hills production come online. And so increase in production you were definitely limited on the logistics to be able to clear the barrel. Some of it was the increase in production, but we also had – Keystone had a pressure restriction, which de-rated that line. And then, a lot of issues around the rail, both weather-related issues around rail and also the lack of locomotives. So then as we moved further in the quarter, we saw some seasonal maintenance being – occurring up in Western Canada, which lowered production. At the same time, Keystone was able to restore their capacity. We've seen some improvement in the rail. So those differentials have come back in some. But ultimately, I think, we view that production in Western Canada will outpace the ability to clear that barrel until one of the cross-border pipelines comes one, which is more a 2020 discussion. I think you'll see relatively wide discounts in Western Canada on those barrels. At the Maya LLS, I think when you look at Maya and the Maya formula, a lot of the components of the Maya formula contributed to Maya moving weaker. WTS moved weaker. Fuel oil moved weaker. And the Brent TI are (20:10) widening out all contributed to Maya moving weaker. And certainly, they can correct that with adjustments to the K, but what we saw in the first quarter was a lot of their demand was down due to U.S. Gulf Coast refinery maintenance. And so they were actually low in production. And within being at a position of having length I think they were reluctant to change the K. And so we saw Maya very competitively priced during the quarter.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Appreciate the insights, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: First I want to really say congratulations to Mike, and wish you a wonderful time on the retirement. But are you sure that you're so young that you want to retire? What are you going to do with all the time?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Paul. I think it's probably a little late for that. But yeah, I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Has been a fun ride for all this year that I was not following the sector as long as you have been in the sector, but has been a fun ride. So, thank you for all the help throughout the decades.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: You're welcome.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I guess, I have two question. First for Gary. It seems that people are talking about the IMO 2020. I'm just curious that have you guys heard anything related to the low sulfur (21:39), would that have any unexpected consequences in terms of the machine how they're going to run and all that, (21:47)? And also that have you heard any – because I heard someone talking about a cheaper new technology may be able to directly convert the high sulfur we see into the low sulfur (21:56) bunker fuel without going through the hydrocracker or the cooking technology. Wondering if you heard anything about that. So that's the first question. Second question then how much is the Midland crude you currently will be able to run in McKee and the rest of your system? And that – how much more that you think you may be able to get for the pipeline if said (22:22) you have any additional arrangement?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. I'll start. So, I think your first question was the impact that running a lower sulfur fuel may have on the ships' engines.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's correct.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I think that we see a lot of the ships today when they get into these areas next to the shoreline are burning diesel anyway, and so they have some history on burning low sulfur fuels and I'm not aware of any negative impact that had on engine wear. The second part of that question in terms of technology to convert resid to low sulfur (22:56) I'll let Lane answer.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I mean, I guess our view is at grassroots was pretty expensive to do. I mean somebody had to go out and try to build something like this and just some where you have to have all the infrastructure. So one of these looks a whole lot like maybe it's not a resid cracker but it's a resid hydro trigger, we have some experience with those. Their best use would be put into an existing refinery. I don't know if anybody is seriously looking at this at this time. I hear a lot talk about it, but I guess I'll leave it at that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, you are a bit skeptical about the claim that this brand – I mean, I heard someone talking about this brand-new technology may be much cheaper, a quarter of the corresponding hydrocracking solution. So just curious that you guys have any thought on that.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I think, what I would say is skepticism is maybe overstating it a bit. I'm just saying, no matter what, it would be pretty expensive and it would have to be a refiner that would probably have to be able to do this. And I think everybody wants to – I think people want to see the market evolve before they commit that much money, particularly to a new technology that people aren't familiar with.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Very good.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Then on your Midland question, I guess all – really our capacity to run Midland is we could run as much Midland – 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet capacity we have could be all Midland. I'm sure, what you are getting at is how much of that could we get is actually priced at Midland type values. Today, a lot of the crude we run at Ardmore and McKee is priced off of Midland. We don't divulge the number and some of the reasons for that is that pricing contracts are negotiable and up all the time, so that number flows a little bit. But we run a lot of Midland priced crude at both McKee and Ardmore. And then, we recently announced the Sunrise project, which will give us another 100,000 barrels a day of Midland priced crude that we can take into Ardmore and McKee. And in addition to that, we're certainly looking at all these pipeline projects from the Permian to the Gulf and evaluating opportunities to get more Midland priced crude, both to our Gulf Coast system and to the export refineries.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Gary, when is Sunrise is up and running will be?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: First quarter of 2019? Yeah, first quarter of 2019.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. And Mike enjoy it. You won't have to listen to us Wall Streeters too much anymore.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Sounds great.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I might have detected a little too much enthusiasm in that response. Hey, shifting gears a little bit here, guys, crude's been running up, wholesale price has been moving up, cracks look good. First time in several years, we're looking at retail gasoline closing in on $3. What is your thought on where we might see a demand response and kind of how do you – what experience gives you maybe that confidence?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: You know Roger, I don't know that we have an exact number. We certainly haven't seen a negative reaction to the Street price yet in terms of the demand response. And our view has always been certainly where crude got to be over $100 a barrel there was certainly demand destruction that took place there. But somewhere I think between that $80 and $100 range is when you start to see some demand destruction start to take place if crude gets that high.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: It's always muted though. I mean, if you look at what's really happened and you look at type of vehicles that are being purchased today, I think Ford has announced that they're not going to make cars – so many cars anymore. And it's because of the demand for light trucks and SUVs. So Roger, from a practical standpoint, even with the higher price, it's going to be difficult for people to moderate their consumption that much based on the vehicles that they're buying today.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Absolutely. Just always good to get somebody who has got their hands a little closer to it than the rest of us. The other question I had, Latin America has been a nice area for margin growth, market share growth for you. I was just curious, Venezuela from a refining standpoint is, I guess, now finally shut down. What beyond them backing out of the market have you seen in growth? In other words, what do you think is probably a true growth rate out of Latin America that we should think about maybe more from this point forward, given that I guess you'd call it a normalized activity level from refining in Latin America from this point forward?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Roger, I don't know if I can give you an absolute number. We can get with you with John to give you what that figure is. But the way we look at it is we kind of looked at a reasonable ramp-up and refinery utilization rate, and we're confident that demand growth in the region outpaces any kind of a reasonable ramp up in refinery utilization is kind of the way we've looked at that market. But in terms of absolute growth, I'm not sure I can give you a number what we've planned on.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Manav Gupta with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you so much guys for taking my question. My first question is last year Pemex did approach you for possible help with fixing their assets and offered a percentage ownership. You did decline the offer. Can you talk a little bit about what you saw in those refineries because of which you decided not to go ahead with it? And second one is I may be wrong on this, but you have a coker project at Port Arthur. Can you just add some more color about it? I'm not looking for an EBITDA guidance, but generally some specifics around the project?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Manav, let's go ahead, and I'll let Lane talk a little bit about – and it's not specific just to Mexico, but it's specific to what it would take to turn around a challenged refinery, because we have tons of experience with that. So Lane, you want to share your thoughts?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So to Joe's point, I mean really all of Latin America has some more or less exposure to the sort of having a lack of, I would say, maintenance capital. So over time their operations and their reliability have eroded, largely probably because of the flat price in crude. They can't really fund – they can't fund their operations. And so depending on how long and how deep that sort of that story goes, it takes a long time to recover. I mean, like some conversations that we've had – some of these counterparties in the past was it's at least two turnaround cycles. And you really have to – you have to stare at your management a long time. And there's a lot of work involved in this. And a lot of times, if you think about two turnaround cycles, whether that's 6 years or 10 years, that typically out – that sort of is a longer duration than a lot of the sort of the political types or certainly the – even some of the management involved in trying to get this done. So it's a very, very, very difficult thing to turn around a refining complex when it's gotten in states that many of these Latin American refineries are in.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: On coker.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Oh I'm sorry. (30:49) Port Arthur coker, we're still working with all the sort of the stakeholders in Port Arthur community along with the TCEQ (30:55) to get that permit move forward. We fully expect to get a permit sometime this year on it.
Manav Gupta - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you so much guys. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks guys. I just wanted to get your view. One of the things being proposed is making higher octane level in gasoline a standard in the U.S. and – as a potential replacement for the RFS. Just wondering if you could share your views on the merits of that proposal and any color on how it's being received by the other side, and what you think is maybe the sticking points of making it happen.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So why don't we let Jason talk about maybe the process here a little bit. And then if Gary or Lane want to talk about what it takes, that'd be great.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Benny, this is Jason. And you're right. That is something that's being talked about in the context of the legislative long-term reform of the RFS moving to high efficiency high octane fuel standard. And (31:59) working on this with the autos for around a year now. And the conversations have expanded recently to include the retailers in ethanol. And we do think this will be a win all around for everybody. It helped the autos by – enable them to make more efficient vehicles. So it can hit the CAFE standards easier. It'd be a win for ethanol because ethanol is an excellent low cost source of octane. So an increased demand for ethanol. And we would all benefit making internal combustion engine more competitive longer term against (32:29). So we do think it's something that needs to be looked at.
Unknown Speaker: (32:35) gasoline blending to get there?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Well – so, this is Lane. From a gasoline blending perspective, clean high octane components like alkylate help in this process. They help dilute out some of the other sort of aromatic-based octane that are in the gasoline pool. And like Jason alluded to, it will require a certain amount of ethanol. I mean, the industry has gotten used to ethanol in the blends and it is a source of octane. And so that definitely is going to be a part of the blend. I think on balance, what you have to deal with is the light naphtha. Some light naphtha – assuming (33:10) are full is going to have to find its way somewhere else, whether it goes into the olefins – the olefins crackers or somewhere else, but that's a stream that we'll – that the industry will be trying to fall between high octane components to blend it off and just getting it out of the pool.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And do you guys have any color if ethanol or the corn side is open to this or they have any opposition?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: This is Jason, again. I think they are still trying to get their arms around it. But the initial indications from some of the larger ethanol producers are they acknowledge kind of this 95 (33:45) type of level, or I think they call it 91 AKI, which is roughly equivalent to something that makes sense for the market.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Appreciate that. And just if – I have a follow-up, if I may. And apologies if you guys have touched on it in your prepared remarks. Just – is there an update on the status of the Texas City Refinery?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: So, hi Benny, this is Lane. No, we haven't said anything yet. So I think I've talked to you last – I don't know, the Friday of the Valero Texas Open, but where we are based on the repair of the alky, we're going to bring forward to the FEC (34:24) alky turnaround that we had scheduled at Texas City this past fall, we're just bringing it forward, we want to execute it now.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Prashant Rao with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to turn the focus to the West Coast. So, this quarter you're in the black better 1Q performance than last year. And we did have some concerns in the market about West Coast operating conditions in general for the industry earlier in 1Q. So kind of wanted to get your thoughts on outlook for the remainder of the year. Maybe, addressing where we are now versus where I think the market might have been concerned about, maybe, a month or two ago. Does it seem like a turning point from last year and a stronger starting point? So I just want to sort of get a read dynamically how we should be thinking about those for rest of the year.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, so I think what we saw on the West Coast is certainly the inventory draw we saw this week and getting below that 30 million-barrel threshold, I think, provided a lot of support for the market. Overall, we still believe that the West Coast has long refining capacity. And so as long as all the refineries are running at high utilization rates, the market really can't absorb all the production. But when the refinery goes down, you see spikes in the market and the market becomes short. I think longer term, the things I look to that can help that market is really the opening up and deregulation in Mexico. I think you will see exports from the West Coast that will go to the west side of Mexico. And then, you'll also see is some of the cross-border sales ramp up, in markets like El Paso you will start to see some more West Coast barrels serving the Arizona market which will help bring that market back into balance.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, just a quick question on – I think we've talked about this earlier, about the medium sour availability being a little bit more difficult in the current environment. Just wanted to get your sense or longer term thoughts in addressing that where there might be sourcing there or is that something that we should just be sort of expecting intermediate terms to still be a little bit scarcer? And then maybe coming back next year. Want to get your read dynamics on the market.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So I think there's not a problem really with availability of medium sour crude product system. It's just not priced to where we show an economic incentive to maximize those barrels. However they are, certainly, inter-related. And I think we see that medium sours will continue to price at a level where we wouldn't expect to run a high-volume medium sour crude until the OPEC production comes back online, whenever that is, if it is later this year or early next year. But I think if the OPEC production comes back online and you get that additional supply in the market, you will see those medium discounts widen and we'll bring them back into our system.
Prashant Rao - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. Thanks very much for the time.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Prashant.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Jenkins with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Good morning everybody. I guess, I will start maybe with a corollary to Roger's gasoline question but more on the diesel front. You've got inventories as low as they've been since 2014 here in the U.S. and obviously IMO on the horizon. So if prices on diesel continue to move higher as maybe we'd all expect, does that start to impact the demand equation there and maybe even the broader economy, or how should we think about that one?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I think we see diesel demand that's very strong. And as you mentioned, 28 million barrels below where we were last year, we had good heating oil demand with little colder weather in the Northeast. And then, we're seeing very strong rack (38:11) demand. I think some it's economic growth and then a lot of it is just the increase in the upstream activity. But the big thing to us is as we started to get out of typical heating well season you could see in the stats we actually had record exports. And we're seeing just overall what appears to be an overall global short of distillate barrels available. So I think we feel like that the distillate market is going to be – remain very strong throughout this year, and then you certainly – as you alluded to, we'll start to see an IMO impact that affects us on the distillate side as well. When that starts to kick in, I'm not sure. But we certainly feel that we're in for a very good year in terms of the diesel fundamentals.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Perfect. Appreciate that. Maybe on the midstream side. Gary, you alluded to the potential for pipeline participation towards your Gulf Coast assets. But I'm curious, Joe or even Gary, how you think about getting closer to the wellhead in the Permian to gather crude and may be control that barrel further?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, I think, any of these projects that come couple of reasons. One is to lower our deliver cost of crude and then also it allows us better control online, Rich Lashway and my group certainly evaluate all of them. And it's for a couple of reasons. One, is to lower our delivery cost accrued, and then also it allows us better control over the quality of the barrel that we're running in our refining system. So for those reasons, we're involved in all these processes on the new lines coming on. And certainly look to participate if it makes sense for us to do so.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil. Your line is now open.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, guys. Good morning. Mike, I will certainly miss the opportunity to catch up with you over in West Texas. It's been a good run and congrats to you man.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Blake.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: I wanted to go back. I know you've kind of addressed, Gary, some of the, I guess, the mediums and likes, but a lot of the inbound questions we've been getting from clients recently has been on where we stand with regard to maxing out light sweet processing. I think you had mentioned to me last week that you're backing out mediums and going to max light sweet and heavy, but can you say – I mean, have you fully exhausted your capability of running light sweet at this point?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Pretty much, Blake. If you look at where we were in the first quarter, we said that we ended at 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude processing capacity. Although it wasn't fully utilized, a lot of the capacity that wasn't used, it was because we had maintenance going on at a couple of our refineries that backed out some of that light sweet crude processing capacity. But we pretty much – our economic signals are pointing us to maximize light sweet pretty much everywhere we can.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. The second question, your utilization rates along with the industry have been pretty well above what historical norms would suggest and above expectations. And I'm just curious if you have any thoughts around, maybe, what's driving that and the sustainability of that. Is that just kind of capacity creep maybe to where the nameplate numbers are a little bit stale, or is just reliability improving, or any thoughts you have there?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I think when I go back and look at the trend in refinery utilization, some of it is tied to the trend in running lighter crude. So as the API – average API gravity of the crude slate has gone up throughout the industry, utilization has gone up with it. So we certainly see at some of our refineries, as we run a lighter diet, it enables us to run higher rates. So with that, you would expect that as the crude quality discounts widen and the slate gets heavier, maybe there's a chance utilization falls back off if that occurs.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey – hey, Blake, I'll just add one other thing. I think one of the things you've seen over the last few years is different than maybe historically. So there's been a call on crude capacity signals, that's pretty much been the most economic unit in the refinery. So all refiners will do everything to make sure that capacity is always well utilized, feedstocks were in front of it. You might even incur demurrage to make sure that in fact you don't lose capacity. So, I mean, that's clearly been part of what's going on with respect to the utilization, because that number is the crude unit capacity. It's not buying intermediates and other things.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Yes. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. First one is just on LLS discounts to Brent. We started to see those widen out a bit here this year, starting to creep higher towards the Houston side. And I presume some of that's DAPL and Diamond and the knock on effects. But just curious how you think about LLS discounts moving towards say relative to Houston?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Phil. I think to some degree, we're starting to view LLS as somewhat of a stranded crude marker. I think especially since we exited that market. When we started at the Diamond Pipeline, there's just not a lot of liquidity around LLS anymore. And so to us, the more relevant marker to look for the U.S. Gulf Coast light sweet is that MEH (43:24) marker. And that's the one we tend to look at more heavily than LLS.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. The second question is just around the California refining market. I want to get your latest thoughts on Wilmington and the hydrofluoric acid phase-out discussions. I know there's a committee meeting coming up this weekend. There are some slides published in advance of that meeting, talking about potentially phasing out HFA altogether, which I know would be a fairly costly endeavor. So I just want to get your viewpoint on this HFA phase out, particularly given the cost relative to the size of the refinery.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes. This is Lane. Hey. We just really continue to work with the community and the SCAQMD out there and then the other stakeholders really to arrive at what we think will ultimately be a reasonable solution. That's sort of what we've been stating in all the calls and all the conferences and that still what we believe.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So just to clarify, I mean, you wouldn't at this point say a phase out of HFA would be a nonstarter for you guys?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Say that again?
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The idea that HFA would be phased out for sulfuric or some other solution, is that a non-starter from a cost perspective?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: It, well – it would absolutely – we're building an alkylation unit at our Houston refinery and at our St. Charles. And so you're talking about something on the order of $0.5 billion. If in fact we build the sulfuric acid and then that would be in California, so it would be probably even more. So it'll be a very, very, very expensive endeavor, if there was a short fuse on a phase-out in the West Coast.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys. This is Clay (45:20) on for Doug. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of things have been touched here. So I just want to get your thoughts on Latin America. Obviously, the underperformance in that refining system has played a big role in creating the opportunity to ramp U.S. product exports. Just want to know what the prognosis is today, and if there are any upside risk to crude runs that you guys are watching out for.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I don't think we see anything that causes us a pause for what we're doing in Latin America. We still see very good product demand pools (45:50) both for gasoline and distillate. I don't think we see anything on the horizon that's going to change that.
Unknown Speaker: All right. Thanks guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe a follow-up question. You addressed your view on overall kind of Canadian heavy and heavy differentials earlier. But can you talk about within your system and how much Canadian heavy are you able to run right now? What are the – I realize it's going to be difficult until the cross-border pipelines potentially in 2020, but are there any – is there any possibility of you being able to increase your heavy crude runs over the next couple years? And maybe are you seeing any impacts from falling Venezuelan volumes or have you still had a strong heavy availability in the Gulf?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So in the quarter, we ran about 180,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian, Ryan, and it's not really a limit in our system. It's more of an economic optimization. So we could run a lot more heavy Canadian if the economic signals pointed us in that direction. But it would be at the expense of some of the other Latin American grades, be it Venezuelan or Maya. Some of those grades we would push out if the Canadian was more economic. Follow-up, I guess, in Venezuela, we've certainly seen some issues with production and issues around logistics. But for the most part, the volumes we got for Venezuela in the first quarter were consistent with what our historical volumes have been. And we continue to see good value for those barrels versus our other heavy sour alternatives.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And maybe one follow-up on – it feels like we've talked about Latin America a lot today. But there is – Petrobras is obviously looking for partners into (47:51) some opening up of the markets there and partnerships in some of the refineries down there. Do you view that as a similar situation of what you're describing earlier with Pemex, or how do you view the potential opportunities out of the Brazilian market?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, this is Joe. I mean, we'll take a look. I think it's too early for us to answer your question as specifically as you asked it though. I mean, we just don't know yet. So I mean, just like many others I'm sure we'll just take a look and see what the opportunity looks like and see what we can do with it. And then, we'll let you know more about it later.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Joe.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning everyone. Maybe to circle back. I think it was Lane's comment, talking about how the crude tower has pretty much been the most economical part of the refinery today. So just looking at your Gulf Coast system, you've run about 1.44 (48:53) of crude, but you produce 1.84 (48:57) of products, even after the recent crude topper projects at Corpus and Houston. Is there any thought to adding more crude distillation capacity on the Gulf Coast? And what kind of economics are you seeing on those recent topper projects?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, this is Lane, again. The issue you have – there's a limit to how much you can run crude because at some point – or even build it out. When we put our two crude toppers on, we sized them such that they would match our downstream capability, particularly in diesel hydrotreating, so we wouldn't have to go out and try to market something that didn't meet the ULSD spec. And so I think when many people look at a crude unit project, they're going to have to – there's other units involved. We were – and the reason we were able to do that is because we were buying a number of intermediate feedstocks in lieu of crude. So that set the size. For us to go up a lot more in that space, we would have to invest in diesel hydrotreating and gasoline hydrotreating. What was the second part of your question?
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: What kind of returns are you seeing on the Corpus and Houston toppers?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: (50:13) can give you the specifics, they have been great projects. They've exceeded our funding decisions with respect to IRR. So They've been great projects for us.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah, yeah. Seems like it. Second question is on product exports. So you reported 271,000 barrels per day of product exports. I think that was down quite a bit year-over-year. Was that due to higher ethanol blends in Brazil this year? And can you also provide a split between how much was gasoline and how much was diesel?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes. So we start with that. We did 73,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports and our diesel exports were 163,000 barrels a day. The year-over-year numbers are down fairly significantly, and there's a number of reasons for that. Joe alluded to weather issues in the Gulf, especially a lot of fog that prohibited us from exporting during the quarter. Also we had some refinery maintenance that limited production. But the biggest thing was really probably more the strength of the U.S. market. So we have the ability to put barrels on the water and for us during the quarter we actually saw a lot better value to take those barrels we're putting on the water to the Florida market, for instance, rather than the export market. So a lot of our dock capacity was consumed taking barrels like to the Florida market, waterborne markets in the U.S. rather than the export market. I don't think it's any indication of lack of demand it was just – we always view that as an economic optimization and we had better netbacks to send to other markets.
Matthew Blair - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Craig.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I understand there is not really a governor or upper limit on share price as far as buyback considerations. But is there an upper limit of the cash holdings that could impact targeted payouts if attractive M&A really doesn't materialize over the next two to three years? And as a follow-up to that, can you opine on what you might see long-term in terms of industry consolidation in midstream versus refining?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, Mike, do you want to do the first one?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I mean, we continue to evaluate the cash flow uses and the allocation of the surplus cash flow. That has not changed. We continue to allocate it per capital allocation framework. Right now, our payout ratio is 40% to 50%. If cash were built significantly over the next several quarters, surely, we would have to look at that to see whether we need to adjust that payout ratio in absence of any type of M&A opportunity.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, and Craig, on the second part of your question, it was the consolidation, whether it would be in refining or MLPs?
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: And which might come earlier, right.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, okay, this is purely an opinion, right. And I open it up to any members of the team if they want to comment also. But I just don't think there's going to be a significant amount of opportunity for consolidation on the refining side of the business from Valero's perspective, because we really like our portfolio today. We have an excellent portfolio. I mean, there's things that we could bolt onto it that would be nice to have. But as far as creating – needing to do a transaction to create a lot more critical mass, that's just not something that we need to do today. So opportunistically, we look at everything, but practically speaking, we don't feel we need to do anything. Now, could there be more consolidation? Sure. I think people are always looking for different ways to grow their businesses. And certainly, if you can create synergy by combining, it makes a lot of sense to do that. In the MLP space, I don't know. Rich, do you have a view?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: I would say that it would be a challenge to think of consolidation right now in the – the MLP market is everybody's kind of reassessing the access to the equity capital market. So it doesn't seem like that there would be a momentum for that to happen right now to let equity capital markets kind of gets figured out.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. I mean, that all makes sense. It just sounds like eventually the payout ratio is going to have to rise over time.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Oh yeah, well, the ratio might rise, but probably the target is going to stay somewhat consistent. You know the volatility that we historically had in this business, which we have done our best as a team to try to strip. And so you always want to be careful with the dividend and be sure that once you put it in place, that is our commitment to our owners and we're going to be sure we do everything we can to sustain that dividend. And so Mike – we don't have a particular targeted number because Mike and Donna always look at the forecasted cash, what the balances look like going forward. And we've told the market for several years now we're not going to hoard cash and we haven't. And so I think, Craig, you should just assume that if we find ourselves sitting on a pot full of cash that we're going to return it.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the thoughts.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's Q&A session. And I'd like to return the call to Mr. John Locke for any closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone. We appreciate you joining us today. Feel free to give the IR team a call if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - VP, IR Joe Gorder - Chairman, President & CEO Mike Ciskowski - CFO Lane Riggs - EVP & COO Jay Browning - EVP & General Counsel Gary Simmons - SVP Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization Jason Fraser - Vice President-Public Policy & Strategic Planning Rich Lashway - VP Logistics Operations Donna Titzman - SVP & Treasurer
Analysts: Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Paul Cheng - Barclays Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Spiro Dounis - UBS Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital Justin Jenkins - Raymond James Peter Low - Redburn Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Kristina Kazarian - Credit Suisse Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]  And I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. John Locke. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President and COO; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on the website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing those tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I’d like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now I’ll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Well 2017 was certainly a tale of two halves. In the first half of the year, we saw a gradual but steady improvement in margins from the low levels of 2016. The return of global economic growth created strong product demand and, on the supply side, our flexibility allowed us to optimize our system away from the OPEC supply constraint in crudes to capture more margin available on Canadian and domestic crude supply. In fact, we processed a record 1.4 million barrels per day of light crude during the fourth quarter. In the second half of the year, catastrophic weather-related events accelerated the decline in industry product inventories to below five-year averages, brought national attention to the complexity and inefficiency of the U.S. fuel supply chain and renewed appreciation for the critical role that products play in the lives of families and communities. In December, to the delight of many, our nation’s lawmakers passed unprecedented tax reform. We believe tax reform further strengthens the competitive position of the U.S. refining industry versus our global competition through greater tax efficiency and increased earnings power and cash flow generation. We were glad to see this positive step change for American manufacturing businesses and for American families. I’d also like to recognize Valero’s tax accounting and legal teams, who dedicated significant time and effort over the recent months and during the holidays to analyze and account for the requirements of the tax reform. Now looking ahead, we expect a significant reduction in our taxes and effective tax rate versus pretax reform levels. And Valero’s net cash provided by operating activities should also benefit significantly. That being said, you should expect us to remain committed to our capital allocation framework, which prioritizes maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings and nondiscretionary spending to sustain the business and pay our dividends. Incremental discretionary cash flow resulting from tax reform would need to compete with other discretionary uses, including growth investments, M&A, and cash returns. Turning to Valero business, in 2017, we set new operational performance records for safety, reliability, and environmental stewardship. Our accomplishments in these areas exemplify Valero's commitment to premier operations and are key drivers that enable us to deliver more stable earnings. Also, in 2017, we invested $2.4 billion to sustain and grow the business. The Diamond Pipeline in the Wilmington cogeneration unit both started up in November and are running well. The Diamond Pipeline connects Cushing to Memphis and has improved our Memphis refinery's crude supply flexibility, providing a cost advantage versus crude delivered on cap line. The cogeneration unit is helping reduce Wilmington's operating expenses, while also increasing the reliability of its power and steam supplies. Construction on the capacity expansion of the Diamond Green diesel plant in the new Houston alkylation unit remains on track. We expect to complete these projects in the third quarter of 2018 and the first half of 2019, respectively. Our logistics investments in Central Texas and along the Houston Ship Channel are also progressing. Estimated start-ups are in mid-2019 for the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and then early 2020 for the Pasadena Terminal. We also expect to break ground soon on a new 25,000 barrels per day alkylation unit at the St. Charles refinery. This project was recently approved by our Board of Directors. The estimated total cost is $400 million with the start-up scheduled for the second half of 2020. Regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 63% of our 2017 adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, which exceeded our target annual payout range of 40% to 50%. Last week, our Board approved a 14% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.80 per share, or $3.20 annually, further demonstrating our commitment to our investors. In closing, with days of supply for refined light product inventories near five-year lows and continued global economic growth, we expect good demand in domestic and export markets and healthy margins this year. Given our advantaged position as a low-cost manufacturer and premier operator, with flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels to consumers, we are optimistic about 2018. So, with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you 
John Locke: Thank you, Joe. For the fourth quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.4 billion, or $5.42 per share, compared to $367 million, or $0.81 per share in the fourth quarter of 2016. Fourth quarter 2017 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $509 million, or $1.16 per share. For 2017, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $4.1 billion, or $9.16 per share, compared to $2.3 billion, or $4.94 per share in 2016. 2017 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.2 billion, or $4.96 per share, compared to $1.7 billion, or $3.72 per share in 2016.  2017 adjusted results exclude an income tax benefit of $1.9 billion from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, while the 2016 adjusted results exclude several items reflected in the financial tables that accompany this release. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to those financial tables.  Operating income for the Refining segment in the fourth quarter of 2017 was $982 million, compared to $645 million for the fourth quarter of 2016. Excluding $17 million of expenses primarily related to ongoing repairs at certain of our US Gulf Coast refineries to address damage resulting from Hurricane Harvey, adjusted operating income for fourth quarter 2017 was $999 million. The increase from 2016 is attributed primarily to higher gasoline and distillate margins in most regions and wider discounts for domestic sweet crudes relative to Brent Crude, which were partially offset by narrower discounts for medium and heavy-sour crudes versus Brent and higher premiums for residual feedstocks. Refining throughput volumes averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was 156,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2016. Throughput capacity utilization was 96% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.55 per barrel were $0.19 per barrel lower than the fourth quarter of 2016, mostly due to higher throughput in the fourth quarter of 2017.  The Ethanol segment generated $37 million of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared to $126 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The decrease from 2016 was primarily due to lower margins resulting from lower ethanol prices. Operating income for the VLP segment in the fourth quarter of 2017 was $80 million, compared to $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase from 2016 was mainly due to contributions from the Red River Pipeline, which was acquired in January 2017, and the Port Arthur terminal assets and Parkway Pipeline, which were acquired in November of 2017. For the fourth quarter of 2017, general and administrative expenses were $238 million and net interest expense was $114 million. General and administrative expenses for 2017 were higher than 2016 mainly due to reserve adjustments and a fee for terminating the agreement to acquire certain terminals in northern California owned by Claims All American pipeline LP. Depreciation and amortization expense was $490 million and the effective tax, rate excluding the income tax benefit related to tax reform, was 30% in the fourth quarter of 2017.  With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $8.9 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.9 billion, of which $42 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 23%. At the end of December, we had $5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash, of which $340 million was available for only VLP.  We generated $1.7 billion of net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter. Excluding the favorable impact from a working capital decrease of $800 million, cash generated was approximately $900 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $641 million of growth and sustaining capital investments of which $142 million was for turnarounds and catalyst.  For 2017, we invested $2.4 billion of which $1.3 billion was for sustaining, and $1.1 billion was for growth. Our sustaining capital expenditures were $300 million lower than guidance primarily due to lower turnaround costs and hurricane related delays on certain projects. Moving to financing activities, we returned $727 million to our stockholders in the fourth quarter $421 million was for the purchase of 5 million shares of Valero common stock and $306 million was paid as dividends. As of December 31, we had approximately $1.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining, including the $2.5 billion of additional repurchase authority approved last week by our board, we have approximately $3.7 billion available for stock buybacks going forward.  We expect capital investments for 2018 to be $2.7 billion with about $1.7 billion allocated to sustaining the business, and $1 billion to growth. Included in this total are the turnarounds, catalyst, and joint venture investments. From modeling our first quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall to the following ranges; U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.65 million to 1.7 million barrels per day; U.S. mid-continent at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day; US West Coast at 250,000 to 270,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. For 2018, we expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, to be approximately $800 million. The annual effective tax rate is estimated at 22%. For the first quarter, net interest expense should be about $115 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $500 million. And lastly, we expect RINs expense for the year to be between $750 million and $850 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yeah, thank you. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: And congrats on another good quarter there.
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Roger Read: I guess could we talk a little bit here, kind of two main things, crude difs, which have been bouncing around quite a bit lately and then your general access to heavy barrels. Given that if I remember correctly, you don't have quite as much pipeline access to a Canadian barrel which means rail’s probably beneficial for you here. And then the further declines in Venezuelan production and what that’s meant along the Gulf Coast for heavy access.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger, this is Gary. Yeah, we’ve seen difs move quite a bit. I'll start with Venezuela. Although production has been declining in Venezuela, our volumes have remained fairly constant versus our term contracts. We attribute this to the fact that although production is declining, refinery utilization is down in Venezuela and so it's kind of keeping exports available to us. On the crude dif side, we’ve seen some pretty good swings. Obviously, the Western Canadian market is very discounted. WCS and Hardisty this morning is $34 under Brent. And then I think some of the turnaround activity and cold weather in the Gulf has caused the medium sour market at least in the U.S. Gulf Coast a week in some with asking operating close to 580 off of Brent. So, seeing pretty good quality discounts. It doesn't seem to be quite keeping with either the Western Canadian or the medium sour values that we're seeing in the Gulf today. In terms of access, we have good pipeline access really for our Houston area refineries where we don't have as good access as to St. Charles. St. Charles has a lot of capability to process Canadian barrels but we don't have a good way to get it there. And so, we are starting some barge operations from our Hartford terminal where we’ll barge some heavy Canadian into St. Charles which will start in February.
Roger Read: And on the rail side, are you seeing the kind of balking from the rails in the US that we’ve seen out of some of the Canadian rail companies? Thinking of the term contracts here.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so what we're really seeing is just that there's not the availability of locomotives in order to move the trains. So real wide arb and great economics to ship crude by rail, but you don't have the power to move the trains. Some of that is the trains have been in grain service and so we see some things that we think could open up some more movements of crude by rail. We're planning to ramp up our volumes through our Lucas terminal to Port Arthur, but so far, it’s been very limited.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Gary Simmons: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. 
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Terreson: I wanted to get your updated views on the likely market impact of some of the new environmental regulations that are set for the next few years which seem pretty meaningful to me, meaning between Tier 3 sulfur and IMO 2020, my questions whether you feel the US and global refining industries are making adequate enough investments to satisfy the new rules. And then second, how margins for the key products such as the octane sources, fuel oils and crude oil spreads are going to vary. And finally, how Valero’s positioning for these changes. So, there's really three parts. Is the industry ready? Two, what happens to spreads? And, three, how you feel Valero is positioned for these new regulations?
Lane Riggs: So, hey, Doug. It’s Lane. Actually, I’m going to start with your last one first.
Doug Terreson: Okay.
Lane Riggs: Valero is very, very well positioned for certainly IMO. We have a lot of coking capacity and a lot of resid destruction, so we have a lot of pre-investment for that regulation change. And, secondly on that point, the interesting thing about this regulation change is it’s trying to add grassroots capacity in this space of resid destruction. It’s very expensive. So, I think you’ll see the industry do what it can to debottleneck existing units in terms of laying out a lot of capital for the big grassroots unit. That’ll remain to be seen. But it is expensive as compared to some of the other profit units. And with respect to Tier 3, it’s in our strategic view. Tier 3 is going to destroy a lot of octane. Where we are versus the industry, we think we’re better positioned. We’re only going to -- we’re going to spend -- our total spend in this space is $470 million is where we think we are today. We’ve still got about $200 million in front of us. We’ve spent about – the rest of it is behind us still, but we feel like we’re in a really good position with respect to Tier 3 as well.
Doug Terreson: Okay. And you guys want to just make a couple of points on IMO 2020? Or should we wait till we get closer, or?
Lane Riggs: Well, in terms of likelihood, or?
Doug Terreson: Well, not so much the likelihood. I mean, it feels like it is going to happen, but what do you think it’s that meaningful? And what the key market implications are? Do you have a view there too?
Lane Riggs: I’m sorry. So yes. So, I started there. I think absolutely, the fact that we are a heavy coking refinery and resid destruction. Like I said, we are very well positioned for. And that regulation is going to cost 3% to get very displaced in the world.
Doug Terreson: Sure.
Lane Riggs: I think everyone is trying to figure out exactly how our industry and the shipping industry is going to try to solve this issue, but it will definitely widen as you don’t run 3% and you probably reuse fuels that are a sub 2 distillate. You’re going to see that driver, which is the driver for coking and other resid destruction between resid and diesel widen out. And I think that’s the market impact. Gary, you want to add anything on that?
Gary Simmons: No, I think that’s…
Doug Terreson: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Joe, maybe just one to clarify. When you guys are saying that the adjust operating cash flow 40% to 50%, how do you define as just operating cash flow? And also, that if in the event the operating cash flow, however way that you decide, is much better than you expected, should we assume the incremental cash will end up that coming to the shareholder, so you will end up that exit that range? Or that it would be used for other purpose like the debt reduction or maybe increasing the organic CapEx?
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, Paul. This is Mike on that. How do we define that? Its net cash provided by operating activities on our cash flow statement, and then we back out the working capital impact.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Lane Riggs: And then the second part of the question was on, assuming we have additional free cash flow, what are we going to do with it?
Gary Simmons: Right. I mean, as Joe talked about in his opening comments, we’re still going to pay out the 40% to 50% as our target, and this increase in discretionary cash flow will just compete with the nondiscretionary.
Lane Riggs: Paul, we put in place several years ago that capital allocation framework, and we’ve adhered to it. And I think perhaps the best forecaster for what we’re going to do going forward is our history. We’ll retain enough cash to be sure that we’ve got the liquidity in the business to do the things we want to do. And to the extent that we end up with surplus cash, I think it’s a fair bet that we’re not going to sit on it. So, again, I think history probably speaks well to what we would probably do going forward. We’ve been pretty consistent in that now for some time.
Paul Cheng: Okay. My second question is, is Diamond at full capacity right now? And that if we’re looking at that, what is the incremental margin to Memphis? And comparing to, say, in the fourth quarter, how much is Diamond that you are running? And also, that whether you can give the same number on 9 to Quebec City in the fourth quarter? And what you expect in the first quarter? 
Lane Riggs: Well, you're a magician.
Paul Cheng: We try.
Gary Simmons: You want to go ahead?
Lane Riggs: Yeah. 
Gary Simmons: I take the first of those four questions. 
Lane Riggs: The Diamond Pipeline started up kind of late-ish November. We had a very good start-up, and the line has run extremely well since coming online. December was our first full month of operation, and in December you're really looking at in terms of the economic benefit is that spread between WTI and LLS. In December during our first month of operation, that spread was $5.33 a barrel. January, it remained wide. So, in January, that spread between WTI and LOS averaged $4.18 a barrel. So that kind of gives you an idea of the economic impact that Diamond is having on our system today. Line 9 similar with the wide Brent TIR. We're seeing very good economics through line 9 as well. So, I don't have exactly where that spread was in December and January, but on a prompt basis, line 9 barrel beats an alternative by about $1.20 a barrel. 
Paul Cheng: But, Gary, do you have that throughput warning that you're shipping from line 9 into Quebec City in the fourth quarter and what you expect in the first quarter?
Gary Simmons: So, we don't give guidance on that. We are utilizing our full capacity that we have available to us.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I wonder if I can touch on the cash distribution. Obviously, the reset towards cash flow is really giving a lot of clarity to the market, and I think you've been awarded for that. But it does mean that you're buying back shares at pretty much the all-time high in stock price whereas the tax cut obviously resets what are the margin is the low point for your cash flow at the bottom of whatever we think the cycle is now. So, I guess what I'm really trying to get to is how much is too much of a buyback in terms of do you have a limit as to where you would slow down the buyback and skew back towards a more sustainable dividend? Obviously, you've already done that. I'm just wondering how much further you think that balance has to go? And I've got a follow up, please.
Joe Gorder: That's a fair question. Mike, do you want to take a crack at this? 
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, we have increased as we did just recently our dividend. So that will take up a bigger piece of our 40% to 50% of the target. Now, as our taxes is reduced through tax reform, this amount of available cash flow will increase, and it will -- we'll continue to evaluate that through our capital allocation process as Joe talked about. And it will compete with growth investments and M&A and cash returns.
Joe Gorder: Doug, when you think about it, I mean, and this has been a consistent question that we received for several years. Are we buying back shares at 50? Is it too high? Are we buying back shares at 60? Is that too high? And here we are we find ourselves kind of in the mid-90s and is that too high. Frankly, I think our view would be that we remain undervalued, and the paradigm on independent refining is shifting. We are much more focused certainly Valero is on producing free cash flow and maintaining capital discipline around the use of funds. And to the extent that we continue to throw off significant amounts of free cash flow, we're going to have the opportunity to continue to buy back our shares and create higher lows and higher highs in the stock price.  So, if you ask me personally, if I think we're overvalued today, I would say the answer is no. And do I think there is upside in the stock price, I'd say yes. And as a result, I think that you should expect that we're going to continue to balance out our payout with repurchases.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer. I know it's not an easy one to answer. But I guess we also view that you're kind of shifted to be on S&P 500 yield stock, and I think the dividend for what it's worth probably gets rewarded. But that is our take. Anyway, I appreciate you taking the question. My follow-up is we just had the marathon call before you, and Gary made some really interesting comments I thought about the prospects of getting a RIN resolution by the spring. RIN costs for both diesel and biofuel and ethanol have both come down, it seems. I'm just wondering if you could share your thoughts. Do you share that kind of optimism on a timeline, and if so, what's your best guess on how it plays out from here? 
Joe Gorder: That's a good question. Doug, Jason Fraser is here, and he runs policy and strategic planning. He's been obviously neck-deep in this particular issue, as have I. And we'll let him share some insights on that. 
Jason Fraser: Yeah, hi. This is Jason. Things have definitely heated up and received an increased focus here in the past few months, especially with the PDS situation. That dramatically showed how badly the RFS reform is needed. So, let's help shed some light on it. We also do have the two efforts going within the Senate now with Senator Cruz trying to get the Midwest senators to sit down and discuss a near term solution for higher RIN prices, and a solution that would also benefit all producers. We also have Senator Cloridon who has been working very hard and over a long period of time with stakeholders and other senators to try to come up with long-term legislative reform.  So, I didn't hear his comments, so I don't know about his specific Timeline, but there does seem to be more urgency and visibility and effort around this area in the past couple of months. So, we're more optimistic than we have been. Things are looking better. 
Doug Leggate: Jason, do you think that's - do you think, Jason, that's the reason why RIN costs have really come off a bit in the last couple months? Or is that more seasonal?
Joe Gorder: Gary may have more of a view on the market, but that's got to be something effecting it. There's a risk and there is also the EPS has kind of signaled that they're looking at the smaller refiner exceptions, and there's been a lot of discussion of that. If they were to grant those, that could end, not reallocate them to other obligated parties, which is what we think they would do. They would not redistribute that mandate. That would have a negative effect on RIN prices too. So, there are several things floating around. But, Gary, I don't know if Gary has a view beyond that. 
Gary Simmons: No, I see it the same way. I think any time you read something in the press on potential regulatory changes, you see people that are hoarding RINs, start dumping them in the market figuring that they may be hoarding RINs that aren't worth much in the future. 
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers, guys. And, Gary, I guess, Joe, we'll see you and Gary in New York in a couple of weeks’ time. So, thanks for your time. 
Joe Gorder: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Spiro Dounis with UBS. Your line is now open. 
Spiro Dounis: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just was hoping for comments on the M&A environment for refining assets, specifically here. I think there were a few assets on the block last year and 2016, and it seems like a lot of them got pulled just due to really bid-ask spreads between buyers and sellers. Curious if you're seeing that as still the case? And does your renewed optimism on the refining outlook and tax reform change any of the calculus on valuation for you? 
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yeah, this is Mike. Tax reform does change the economics a little bit on the M&A. We would have the ability to deduct a purchase price of the PP&E in year one. And so, we are in the process of updating our analysis on various potential targets. 
Joe Gorder: But I don't know of anything in the marketplace today that is really for sale, or that's of interest. So, and you're right. I think the bid-ask spreads not only on refining assets, but on logistics assets also, it's been pretty broad. And as you guys know, we tend to take a look at everything that is out in the market, and then we have a target list of things that we particularly track that we'd be interested in. And it just hasn't come together in a way that has allowed us to execute something that we would be pleased with. So, we'll continue to watch it, but there's just nothing there right now. 
Spiro Dounis: Got it. Got it. And then just on Mexico, I was wondering if you could update us on the progress of the project there? How it's progressing? And maybe along that line I believe that project was kind of a stepping stone for you into Latin America, and so I guess when do you think you would be able to expand on that position? 
Rich Lashway: This is Rich here. The facilities are in the progress of acquiring the land for the inland terminals, and their crews should be handed over to who is going to be doing the construction for us here in early February. We expect that all of the facilities would be up and running in the first quarter of 2019. That's kind of on the operational side. Maybe Gary wants to share a little bit on the marketing side. 
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so I think for us you'll see the ramp-up in penetration into the wholesale market after the terminal comes on. And, yes, we are looking at a lot of different opportunities in Mexico and South America. And we don't really have anything to communicate on that at this time. 
Spiro Dounis: Understood. Appreciate the color. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC. Your line is now open.
Brad Heffern: Good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Brad.
Brad Heffern: Just a question on the new Alki project and the old Alki project, I guess. I mean, so now your two marquee CapEx projects are both Alki, and a lot of your peers have been more focused on the distillate side of the barrel. So, what’s the thesis there? Is this the Tier 3 octane destruction, like you talked about? Or is it just octane demand increasing over time? What makes you pursue that side of things?
Lane Riggs: Okay. So, Brent, this is Lane. So, you hit up on the first part of it. We’re optimistic about the requirements in the industry to meet octane for gasoline, and it’s obviously two things are happening there. One is tier 3 is destroying octane. Two, the autos, their trajectory is to require more octane that helps them with their emissions compliance. The other part of that is we’re just, we have a view that NGLs are going to be long, and that’s all a function of the shell play that’s out there. You have all these export facilities, so even as a floor you’re going to have NGL exports to the world. That’s a little different position. So, at the end of the day, it really is sort of a butane to high octane gasoline spread that we’re bullish on. And we think both these projects fit into that strategic view.
Brad Heffern: And then our position on diesel, Lane? Gary?
Gary Simmons: Well, the way I feel, with diesel, we’ve have made big investments to make diesel. We’ve built two big hydrocrackers, if you remember. And we sort of – and that was the similar view. It was our NG. It was basically our gas to liquids viewpoint, cheap natural gas a function of shell play making diesel, which is really the world fuel. We’ve invested a lot of money in that area, and so we aren’t really – going forward, that’s not really what we’re focusing. We’re not focusing on trying to make more diesel unless it’s your construction.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that. And then shifting to California, it’s seeming more likely that the QMD out there if they don’t ban hydrofluoric acid there’s going to be a lot of mitigation procedures required. How are you guys thinking about the potential CapEx spend at Wilmington? And how likely you are to pursue that as an avenue?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, we absolutely are. We feel pretty good that all stakeholders are working out there to find the right viable solution for how to mitigate HF in that area. And we are working with the South Coast to get there. And we obviously, depending on how that all works out, we either will or won’t make the right investment, the total investment to meet that to comply. But we’re very optimistic that everybody involved will get to the right place.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks all.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil. Your line is now open.
Blake Fernandez: Hey, guys. Good morning. Sticking on the West Coast theme, the margins really collapsed into the second half of the quarter, and maybe this is a question for Gary, but I’m just curious if you have any thoughts on what was driving that. It seemed relative to the rest of the country. It was significantly weaker. I know Torrance was back up and running, but any other thoughts on that?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake. I think historically you see that weakness in the West Coast in the fourth quarter. This was a little more severe than what we generally see. I think you touched on some of it. Refinery utilization was high. You were in high RVT season, so you had butane kind of swelling the gasoline pool. And then a little bit softer demand with some of the weather issues on the West Coast. I think all that drove to the weakness that you’ve seen. Moving forward, we have a little bit of turnaround activity going on. And then already in Los Angeles, we switched to summer grade gasoline. The Bay will go to summer grade in another couple of weeks, which will help slow supply into the market and start to bring inventories back into balance.
Blake Fernandez: Great. Okay. Thanks. And then this may be a question for Mike, but on the tax reform, obviously given that you have some European operations, I was just curious given the $5 billion of cash, should we be thinking about any impacts as far as repatriation and any benefits on that?
Joe Gorder: Yes. We do have some cash, both in Canada and the UK, and we could bring that back if we need to. But our cash position here in the U.S. is adequate, and so we don’t need to bring it back at this time.
Blake Fernandez: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Justin Jenkins with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Justin Jenkins: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I guess, Joe, I’m sorry to beat a dead horse here as I think you’ve been pretty clear about capital allocation, but I’m curious if the lower tax rate affects anything as it relates to strategy for VLP, whether it’s drop-downs or the mix of growth spending? Any thoughts here?
Lane Riggs: Mike, you or, Rich, you want to talk to it? Or Donna?
Joe Gorder: Yes, go ahead. Or on the drop-down, I mean, are you – I guess it remains to be seen how that – the tax reform, obviously, it just happened in December, and how that’s going to affect the drop-down activity. The multiples are market-related, and so we just don’t know for sure how tax reform will affect those multiples.
Lane Riggs: Well, Mike, and then if you’re doing a drop-down, you’ve got a related-party transaction. And is the treatment on that different than an acquisition from a third party?
Donna Titzman: If you’re talking about full extension?
Lane Riggs: Yes.
Donna Titzman: Yes. So normally from a drop perspective, you need expenses would not be allowed because Valero and VLP are related parties. In regards to third-party acquisitions, VLP would likely not elect that because it does create some significant fluctuations from year to year in the allocation or calculation of remedial income to the public unit holders. So, bonus depreciation has been available for many years and yet, generally, MLPs do not – have not chosen to take that. I’m not sure if that answers your question, but.
Justin Jenkins: No, that’s perfect. I appreciate that. And then maybe just shifting gears here, following up on Roger’s question on access to the Canadian crude, can you talk about the pipeline projects that are in the queue? I’m thinking along the lines of Keystone XL. And then how that might fit into VLO’s overall strategy?
Lane Riggs: Yes, so obviously we were big backers of Keystone XL and believe it’s a great project as it kind of brings that heavy Western Canadian oil to the high complexity U.S. Gulf Coast refining system, and direct access to our Port Arthur refinery, so we’re excited that that project’s moving forward, and it will certainly improve our access to the growing production in Western Canada.
Justin Jenkins: Perfect. Thanks, guys. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Low with Redburn. Your line is now open.
Peter Low: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Just two, please. The first is just on your West Coast operations. Do you see any synergies there between those refineries and the rest of the portfolio? And would you ever consider in the future to just exit that region? And then, secondly, just can you provide an update on your proposed doubling of capacity of Diamond Green Diesel? I’d be interested to understand what Valero’s primary motivation is with DGD? Is it the returns the project makes on its own right? Or rather that it can help mitigate your own biofuel blending costs? Thanks.
Lane Riggs: All right. Peter. Well on the West Coast, I mean, there’s some synergies, but largely limited synergies I would say between the West Coast and the rest of the Valero system. That being said, it’s a good operation. We have good management and it is a great option on strong West Coast margins when we experience them. So, it’s part of our portfolio, it cash flows, and so we don’t have any interest to divest ourselves of it. Now, as far as DGD, Martin, do you want to…
Lane Riggs: Yes, on Diamond Green, we have a project underway to go from 160 million gallons a year to 275 million gallons a year. That will start up in the third quarter. We’ve also talked about a second expansion from 275 to 550. That final investment decision will be made in 2018 and it will stand on its own rights. We’ve looked at that as the JV, and we look at the cash that that throws off and decide what we’re going to do. So that’s how we’ll decide there.
Peter Low: Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Gresh with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Gresh: Yes. Good morning. Just a clarification on the tax reform; you gave the 22% effective rate. Was curious if there was additional savings you’d expect from the bonus depreciation benefits, et cetera, from a cash basis? Whether a percentage basis or $1.00 basis? How you think about it? 
Joe Gorder: Okay. Yeah, on the reform. What we did was we pro-formed our 2017 results, and we had $3.2 billion of pretax income. We wanted to determine the change in our tax provision as well as the cash taxes, so we assumed that all available capital in 2017 was available for full expensing.  So, in regard to our income statement, the tax provision would be lower by approximately $230 million or $0.50 per share. On the cash side, our cash taxes, our U.S. cash taxes would decrease by approximately $400 million based on those assumptions. And then when you include the repatriation tax to transition to the Territorial system, the savings would be $350 million.
Phil Gresh: Okay. So just to clarify. If we're looking at your CFO year-over-year, it would be the $350 million number. 
Joe Gorder: That would be correct. 
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thanks. Second question is just on the OpEx. In the fourth quarter, you came in well below your expectations, and then in the first quarter your guidance is quite a bit higher. I mean, is that just simply nat gas cost and throughput? Or anything else that would stick out in terms of why you were so much better in the fourth quarter and the slip in 1Q?  It's Philip Lane. Primarily the difference between our turnaround activity from fourth to first quarter. 
Phil Gresh: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open. 
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all. 
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Sankey: Back to the dead horse, I'm afraid, Joe. I'm just wondering if you can revisit the possibility of paying down debts. I know there's possibly the argument that it would lower your cost of capital and keep your multiple expanding, which it seems to be doing. And I guess that follows into the second part of my question, which is to where do you think we are relative to mid-cycle. I kind of think that's the answer on whether or not you should be thinking about doing more debt paydown and maybe less buyback. Thank you. 
Joe Gorder: Okay, Paul. So, you want to start with the second part of this first? 
Lane Riggs: Yeah, so I think, in terms of where we are relative to mid-cycle. When you start the year 30 million barrels below on distillate inventory, the distillate market looks very strong. And I think where we have been relative to mid-cycle, we've been below mid-cycle largely because the diesel cracks have been softer. I think you'll see significant strengthening in the diesel cracks, and you'll begin to pull above mid-cycle margins as we move through the year. 
Joe Gorder: And, Mike? Do you want to talk about debt? 
Mike Ciskowski: I guess on the debt we're at 23 percent debt-to-cap which is the low end of our range. And so, we don't have a lot of maturities upcoming. None so far in 2018. And so, I guess I just really hadn't thought much about paying debt down at this time. 
Paul Sankey: That's very clear, guys. Can I just go back to the mid-cycle? Sorry, were you saying that you think we're above mid-cycle right now?
Joe Gorder: I think we have been below mid-cycle, but you'll start to transition to a period where we'll be above mid-cycle moving forward. 
Paul Sankey: Yeah, okay. As I said, it's kind of a follow up. Thanks very much, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley. Your line Your line is now open. 
Joe Gorder: Benny, are you there? 
Benny Wong: Hi, guys. Sorry about that. Just figuring out how to use the phone still, I guess. Hi, guys. Hi, Joe. 
Joe Gorder: Hey.
Benny Wong: Quick question for you. I guess this is more on the regulatory front, so this might be for Jason here. Just in regards to the CAFE standards that are coming up to going through the mid-term review. I think you're expected to have an outcome in April. Just wondering if there is any thoughts of anything you guys are looking for coming out of that? And if you see any efforts - if there are any efforts to roll back efficiencies, would that be held up if California doesn't want to get on side?
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. We're of course happy that Trump has reopened that midterm evaluation. The EPA I think is going to meet that April 1st deadline. The administrator is very firm on meeting these obligations. So, we think there is obligation to lay in it. We understand they've been having productive conversations with Memphis and California. Everyone would prefer to have one national program. All those certainly prefer that. And I think the EPA's trying to work with what they can. We did see -- it looked like the majority of the autos had used credits from past years to meet the EPA standard for 2016. So that tells you that this is something that definitely needs to be looked at, these ever-increasing numbers. If we're starting to have trouble at 2016, I believe the EPA said that they would have enough credits to keep themselves open until 2021. So, we're hoping this process will end with some levelling off of the standards as a reasonable number, but the market allows you to sell cars that people actually want and is sustainable.
Joe Gorder: Well, it's encouraging that they're allowing the midterm review to be completed. I mean, the previous administration aborted the process kind of in mid-stream and the fact that you're reassessing it, it shows that the autos are doing a good job of communicating their situation to the EPA and the other regulatory bodies. So, it will be interesting to see what happens. And this conversation on CAFE dovetails into the conversation around octane and the comments that Blake made earlier. So, it's an issue that needs to be resolved, and it needs to be resolved in a reasonable way unless we're going to start dictating to US consumers what it is that they can buy.
Benny Wong: Great. Appreciate the color. And just in regards to the Appalachian unit, just wondering how much did the new tax environment impact that decision, if any? And if there's any projects in your portfolio that maybe weren't that attractive before that may be a little more interesting now in the new environment?
Joe Gorder: So, the octane, it wasn't like it was on the fence with respect to our hurdle rates. Again, we use hurdle rates primarily as a way to focus the organization on - we first start with a strategic view and then we look at these projects in the context of our strategic view, and we use these hurdle rates to kind of get us to ensure that we at least minimize our commodity risk involved. So that's the long answer to say, no, the tax regulation didn't change how we were going to think about the Appalachian unit. And that same answer sort of pertains to how we view strategic investment in general. So, it remains to be seen. I'm not - I think, again, we've said time and time again we'll use our free cash flow to go through our asset allocation model and we'll just see how it all works out.
Benny Wong: Great. Thanks, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Benny.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Neil with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, team.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Hey, Joe. A question - and again, I asked you this a couple weeks ago but I'm still trying to get my head around it. I'm trying to figure out what the new normal is for Brent WTI. Now, obviously it's a fluid number and we'll blow through it on the way up and the way down, but we try to frame these things in terms of transportation economics usually. So how do you guys think about, when you think about the outcomes for like a normalized Brent WTI spread, what are the lags from an economic standpoint that kind of frame what you guys think of as a new normal?
Gary Simmons: Hey, Neil. This is Gary. The way we look at it is that with incremental production coming online in the Permian and in the Cushing region, you're beginning to push the logistics assets getting to the Gulf. And so, you're really looking at a spot or walk up tariff which, today, is $3.00 to $3.50 to get to the Gulf. And then a Cushing barrel, or a DSW barrel, when it gets to the Gulf generally has about $1.00 quality differential. So that moves you from this $3.00 to $4.00, $4.50 and then you have about another $0.50 to get it on the water. So, we kind of viewed it anywhere in this $4.50 to $5.00 range is kind of what we believe is a sustainable Brent TI spread.
Neil Mehta: Yeah, we were getting to a similar outcome. One question we had was around just once you get to the water, are there any limitations around crude export capacity or constraints just logistically? Just curious as people who are doing it whether you see any, especially if the US continues to grow at this pace over the next couple of years, do we run into a wall at some point?
Joe Gorder: Well, we may at some point. I don't think we feel like the logistics are limiting today. What you do see, even with the ARP where it is today, you start to see people charge higher and higher premiums for dock access. So today that $0.50 number I quoted is more like $0.90 cents if you want to get to the water as people see the wide ARPs.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Your line is now open.
Chi Chow: Thanks. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow: Hi. Regarding product export, it looks like you guys are still going pretty strong in the fourth quarter there. But do you see any risk ahead out of the Gulf Coast? For instance, do you expect the market to change at all with reports of PMX really progressing on sorting out its own operations?
Gary Simmons: Chi, this is Gary. I don't think we see anything that's significantly different in terms of Mexico or South America. One, we think it's going to take PMX longer to get the improvement in refinery utilization than the numbers that they're quoting but then you're also seeing good demand growth. So even if refinery utilization improves, we think that demand growth will outweigh that improvement refinery utilization and we'll still see strong export demand into those regions.
Chi Chow: Okay. Great. Thanks, Gary. And then on the Mexico strategy, a couple questions. What's the term on the agreements you have with IEnova on the three terminals and also for Fairmax on the rail services?
Joe Gorder: It's 20 years on the Fairmax and it's less than that on the IEnova so it's half that. We have the option to extend these contracts. 
Chi Chow: Okay. Great. And do you see any risk to the momentum on energy reform down there on what might transpire from the upcoming presidential election?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I mean, we're watching it pretty carefully. We don't know any better than anybody else what might be the potential outcome of their election. I did read, though, this morning that there hasn't been a direct statement by the opposition party that they would undo the reforms and if there was an attempt to try to do that, it would be very difficult to execute. So, Jason, do you have any other color on that?
Jason Fraser: That's right, Joe. The elections are coming up July 1. It is a big election in Mexico. The concern you see voiced most is about Mr. Lopez Obrador's views on energy reforms, the policies in favor of them. And we have always been told it's very, very hard to undo these now that they're in place. It's basically does change their constitution. And we think people - and there was a lot of short-term pain when this first started getting rolled out, but we are confident people will figure out this is really the best long-term interest of the Mexican economy that he's going to prevail.
Chi Chow: Do you think Lopez's comments are just campaign rhetoric or do they actually believe some of the statements he's put out there?
Jason Fraser: Gee, we don't know.
Joe Gorder: It's hard to tell.
Jason Fraser: We don't know.
Chi Chow: Okay. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Chi.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kristina Kazarian with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Kristina Kazarian: Hi, guys.
Joe Gorder: Morning.
Kristina Kazarian: A number of the pipeline companies have talked about building pipes from Permian to Corpus. Could you maybe talk about your thoughts about potentially committing to long-term capacity on a pipe like this given your refining footprint now in the Gulf Coast and maybe even potentially partnering with one of those companies to take an ownership stake in one of those pipes and how you think about something like that?
Joe Gorder: Sure. Kristina, this is Rich. Currently, there's a lot of open season projects going on right now Epic and, Buckeye and Magellan have got projects going on from the Permian to Corpus or to Houston. We don't have any binding commitments with anybody. I mean you know us we're always looking at logistics opportunities that can reduce our secondary cost or provide third-party revenues, but it's interesting. But we're not committed to anything.
Kristina Kazarian: Okay. And does that mean lack of interest at this point or just haven't decided on since there are so many options?
Joe Gorder: There's a lot of options, and we're just - we're looking at them. The good news is, right, that's just going to mean there's more crude coming into Corpus for the Corpus refinery. So that's always a good thing when there's excess pipeline capacity coming into the markets where we can grow our refining capacity.
Jason Fraser: Well, there's not a lack of interest on our part.
Joe Gorder: Right.
Jason Fraser: I mean, you just evaluate your options against the other options and what benefit it brings to not only DLP but also to Valero Energy, so we'll continue to look at them. But I think Rich's point is we're looking at them, but we haven't made any commitments today.
Kristina Kazarian: Okay. And then a longer term one maybe on the other side of some of the questions you guys asked earlier around M&A, with a lot more capital in the refining space, do you think there is chance that you see other bidders out there in the market that might make you guys think about potentially considering selling some noncore assets, if you were to get increased interest across the space?
Jason Fraser: Well, we don’t have any noncore assets. Okay? So that’s the first part of that. I would say you may see more M&A activity as a result of this, but we also talked earlier about bid-ask spreads being very high. I would suspect that it wouldn’t take long for a seller to figure out that he could extract a premium, based on everyone’s new situation under tax reform. And so, the prices will adjust. So, we can probably work ourselves into a thesis that said there’s going to be a lot more activity, but buyers and sellers are both aware of the same facts, and so I don’t know that a whole lot’s going to change at the end of the day.
Kristina Kazarian: All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Good. Thanks, guys. Maybe a couple quick specific ones. Can you share your thoughts on what you think the status is of the biofuel tax credit extension? Whether you made any assumption on its inclusion or exclusion in your numbers? And whether it would offer upside to the $350 million pro forma or theoretical tax savings for 2017?
Joe Gorder: Jason, you or Martin want to talk about it?
Jason Fraser: Yes. He’s just saying it would create upside. Are we going to get it? And would it create upside.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, I mean, we do think the legislation that would bring the blended tax credit out has just been called up and delayed in the government funding immigration situation. We do expect it to be passed retroactive for 2017 and extended through 2018. At the end of the day, it's just got caught up in all the Washington drama right now. We don't think it's going to get changed to a producer’s tax credit. That may be something that’s revisited going forward, but everybody involved seems to see with everything going on. They just need to try to keep the current wall and get that passed for these two years and look at talking about subsequently changing it on out into 2019. So, we think it's going to happen. It's just a question of when.
Ryan Todd: And then its value to us?
Joe Gorder: It’s of significant value to us for the JV. It’s $1.00 a gallon retroactive, right? So, it’s $160 million. So, it’s significant.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe one other specific one. There’s been quite a bit of recent weakness in fuel oil spreads, particularly on the high sulfur fuel oil spreads recently even above and beyond what I guess we would expect seasonally. Can you speak to the way you think the drivers is of that? Is it a function of fundamentals? Is it a front-running of the IMO trade? Or too early for that? Or any thoughts around that? And then your potential to potentially capitalize on lower feed stock costs?
Joe Gorder: Yes, I think it’s probably too early for any of the IMO impact to be seen in the market. I think what you’re seeing, though, is globally countries are beginning to put in infrastructure to able to import LNG, and then they ban the burning of high sulfur fuel for power generation. And so, you’ve seen that transpire in a couple countries, and as those countries roll off and stop consuming fuel, you see weakness in the markets. And I think that’s what we’ve seen recently happen in the market.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. And is this something you can capitalize on within the portfolio? Or relatively insignificant in the scheme of things?
Joe Gorder: No, it very much is. High sulfur fuel oil has a significant input, impact on the heavy sour crude prices. And so as high sulfur fuel gets discounted, we generally see wider quality discounts which benefit us greatly.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude Q&A for today. I’d like to return the call to Mr. John Locke for any closing remarks.
John Locke: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call. If you have any additional questions or didn’t get a chance to ask, please just give us a call at the Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp. Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be the operator for today's call. Please note that this conference is being recorded, and I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO, Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering, Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions, after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me or our Investor Relations team after the call. Now, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor Provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. What I would like to do before we discuss our quarterly financial results is to talk about the hurricanes, and how proud I am of our Valero team, and the energy industry as a whole, for the way we responded to these natural disasters. Hurricane Harvey's path touched almost all of Valero's Gulf Coast refineries. It made landfall just northeast of Corpus Christi, before proceeding inland to just east of Three Rivers near Victoria. The storm then reversed course, short of reaching our headquarters in San Antonio, and moved eastward along the Texas Gulf Coast to the Houston/Beaumont/Port Arthur region, where it stalled and dumped 50 inches of rain in the span of four days, before continuing into Louisiana, and ultimately moving inland and dissipating. We shut down our Corpus Christi and Three Rivers refineries prior to Harvey's arrival, and reduced rate at our three plants in the Houston and Port Arthur area, eventually shutting down Port Arthur due to flooding. Our team worked hard to get these plants safely back up and running, and we only experienced extended delays at Three Rivers and Port Arthur. Hurricane Irma had a less direct impact on our refining operations, but our commercial team and business partners worked tirelessly to prepare for and restore the supply chain as soon as possible. While our operations have returned to normal, we recognize that people and communities affected by the storm are still recovering, particularly those along the southern Gulf Coast and in the Houston and Port Arthur areas. In response, Valero provided financial assistance, meals, water, shelter, fuel, and other support to employees and their affected communities during the storm and the recovery. One of the things that I was most encouraged by, was the display of the American spirit and our determination to help each other during these times of need. From the efforts of the dedicated employees fighting back the onslaught of torrential rain and rising flood waters, to all those Gulf Coast residents who banded together to rescue their neighbors and help with recovery and cleanup, it was a defining moment. An event like this shows the efficiency of the supply chain in the refining and energy sector which, frankly, is not fully appreciated on a day-to-day basis. To think that the epicenter of the refining industry on the Gulf Coast could take a direct hit from a Category 4 hurricane and keep supply disruptions as short lived as they were was impressive. I applaud our employees, our local, state and federal government officials, and all of our business partners who worked closely with us on the front lines to return the supply of our fuels to affected communities. Now, despite the hurricane impacts, we're pleased to report another good quarter of results for the company, which John will share with you shortly. Last quarter, I mentioned that we were extending our participation in OSHA's Voluntary Protection Program to more of our facilities. I'm happy to report that our St. Charles and Memphis refineries were awarded STAR status by OSHA, distinguishing Valero as a refining company with the most OSHA VPP STAR sites. These are noteworthy achievements for Valero that demonstrate our focus and commitment to safety and reliability. Moving on to the markets, overall, we're pleased to see margins improving compared to last year. This improvement is primarily due to continued strong domestic and export product demand, as well as ample supplies of crude, notwithstanding the impact of the OPEC cuts on the medium and heavy sour discounts. Our system's flexibility allowed us to shift our feedstock diet to maximize domestic sweet crudes and capture wider discounts versus Brent. We continue to adhere to our disciplined capital allocation strategy, and also made progress on our growth investments. We expect to complete the Diamond Pipeline and Wilmington cogen projects within the next two months, and we're eager to see the incremental earnings contribution from these projects beginning in 2018. Construction also continues on the Diamond Green Diesel expansion and the Houston alkylation unit, and we recently announced the Central Texas pipeline and Pasadena marine terminal projects. Lastly, with regard to returns to stockholders, we returned $600 million through dividends and stock buybacks in the third quarter. This results in a 58% pay out of adjusted cash flow in operating activities year-to-date. So we're well-positioned to exceed our target range of 40% to 50% for the year. So with that, John, I will hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the third quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $841 million, or $1.91 per share compared to $613 million or $1.33 per share, in the third quarter of 2016. Third quarter 2016 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $571 million or $1.24 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany our release. Operating income for the refining segment in the third quarter of 2017 was $1.4 billion, compared to $934 million for the third quarter of 2016, which has been revised retrospectively to reflect the VLP segment. The increase from 2016 is attributed primarily to higher gasoline and distillate margins, and wider discounts for domestic sweet crudes relative to Brent crude, partly offset by higher premiums for residual feedstocks, and narrower discounts for medium and heavy sour crudes versus Brent. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was 33,000 barrels per day higher than the third quarter of 2016, despite Hurricane Harvey related impacts. Throughput capacity utilization was 92% for the third quarter of 2017. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.71 per barrel were $0.17 per barrel higher than the third quarter of 2016, mostly due to higher energy costs in the third quarter of 2017. The ethanol segment generated $82 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2017, compared to $106 million in the third quarter of 2016. The decrease from 2016 was primarily due to lower margins, resulting from higher corn and lower distillers grain prices. Operating income for the VLP segment in the third quarter of 2017 was $69 million, compared to $56 million in the third quarter of 2016. The increase from 2016 was mainly due to contributions from the Meraux and Three Rivers terminals and the Red River pipeline which were acquired in September 2016 and January 2017, respectively. For the third quarter of 2017, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $229 million, and net interest expense was $114 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $497 million, and the effective tax rate was 30% in the third quarter of 2017. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $8.5 billion, and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.2 billion. Of which, $116 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 24%. At the end of September, we had $5.1 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $720 million was available for only VLP. We generated $1 billion of net cash from operating activities in the third quarter. Excluding the negative impact from a working capital increase of $315 million, cash generated was approximately $1.4 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $565 million of growth and sustaining capital investments, of which $73 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. Moving to financing activities, we returned $600 million to our stockholders in the third quarter. $309 million was paid as dividends, and the balance was used to purchase 4.2 million shares of Valero common stock. As of September 30, we had approximately $1.6 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. We continue to expect capital investments for 2017 to be $2.7 billion, with approximately $1.6 billion allocated for sustaining the business, and $1.1 billion for growth. Included in the total are turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.65 million to 1.7 million barrels per day. U.S. Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day. U.S. West Coast at 265,000 to 285,000 barrels per day. And North Atlantic at 465,000 to 485,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be approximately $3.90 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 4 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation for the third quarter to be around $215 million, and net interest expense should be around $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $495 million. Lastly, we expect RIN expense for the year to be between $800 million and $900 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits. This helps us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Joe, I guess let's dive in on everybody's kind of favorite refining, non-refining topic of RINs here. Obviously, some news has flowed through, both positive and negative, in the last time we talked. And I'm just curious, if we think about there's the RIN expense number, and then there's obviously some magnitude of recovery you're able to achieve. Can you give us any guidance on kind of how that flows back through, what you've been able to do to mitigate the expense, and then maybe what you can do forward? And let's assume there isn't going to be a meaningful policy change in the next 12 months.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: All right. Well, fair enough. The number that we would share on the actual RIN cost is the $800 million to $900 million. So I won't speculate on how it affects the marketing volumes and so on. But what I will tell you is, I think you can see it from the release. We're continuing to invest in assets that allow us to blend more and to export more. So we've got a very strong focus on logistics and on the wholesale market expansion. Now, relative to this policy situation, Roger, this RFS fight is far from over. As you'd expect, those that are enjoying this windfall are aggressively defending their positions and we have a counter view. Why don't I let Jason just give you some insights into our perspective on what's occurred, and then maybe where we go.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Yeah, this is Jason. You all probably saw this letter Administrator Pruitt sent to these Midwestern senators, here in the last week about potential changes to the RFS that the EPA was looking at. In the letter, he said they decided they weren't going to move the point of obligations. They weren't going to lower the biodiesel volumes under the notice they were looking at, and they weren't going to grant export RINs, which is another idea they were looking at. Of course, we are disappointed in how this went down since it looks like political pressure resulted in short circuiting the policy review process. Now, that's just not good government. It's one thing to have a full balanced review of a proposal and decide it's not the right thing for the country, and it's another to be bullied and abandoning the analysis midstream, which is what it looks to us what happened this time. Still the White House, the EPA and Congress have all acknowledged that high RIN prices are a problem for the refiners. This is not the way the program is supposed to work. So, they're going to continue to get pressure until we get the situation addressed. We're going to continue to pursue our legal, regulatory, and legislative options, as are others, and we're going to keep up the fight.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. I guess maybe changing tact just a little bit. Other big issue, if you look out there is a pretty big difference in some of the light crude pricing, particularly thinking WTI, Midland or Cushing, relative to Gulf Coast prices. Can you give us an idea of how you are able to take advantage of that along the Gulf Coast, or maybe sort of a net crude pricing you are able to achieve through some of your marketing and pipeline access?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Roger, this is Gary. I guess, we've raised our capacity to run light sweet crude. So, we're now about 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude processing capability, with the addition of the toppers in Corpus and Houston. In the Mid-Continent itself, we have 300,000 barrels of refining capacity between Ardmore and McKee, and the Diamond Pipeline, which will start up in December. Then puts Memphis with competitive access to that Midland Cushing market as well, which gives us about 500,000 barrels a day of equivalent Mid-Continent refining capacity. In addition that, we've worked very hard to secure logistics to give us competitive access to Midland and Corpus, and also competitive access to Midland and Cushing at our Houston refineries. And we've also added Line 9, which gives us exposure to that Brent TIR. So, a lot of this work that we've done on logistics over the past several years, we feel like puts us in great position to be able to take advantage of that light sweet, sweet differential.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from are Spiro Dounis with UBS Securities.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Joe, I just want to start off here. Valero has been a strong steward of capital over the last few years, and it just seems like the market is really starting to recognize your tight belt on spending and strong capital return. But I can't help but notice the large cash balance, low debt levels, strong currency and share price now. It just screams like maybe you should be investing here. So, just wondering, do you think like you are reaching the point where a pivot to maybe more spending makes sense, whether it be refining midstream, or expansion up or down the value chain?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I mean, Spiro, that's a good question. I think you understand the way we look at the use of capital. And we do have a strong cash position. We do have a strong balance sheet. Acquisitions are very opportunistic, as you well know. And we look at everything. To have an effective acquisition for Valero, it's got to be one that there's synergy involved in. And so, that's one of the primary considerations. We have a great portfolio of assets today. So, we're not compelled to do something just because of where we find ourselves. And then we always evaluate the returns that we could achieve with an acquisition or a growth project with that of buying back our shares. And, frankly, we still feel that we're undervalued at the price we're at today. So that competition for the use of what we would deem to be the discretionary cash flow, remains. So, I think you'll see us continue to look at opportunities as they present themselves. I think that you can expect that capital projects will continue to percolate up, and if the returns are there for those projects, we're going to do them. But I mean, nominally, our capital budget is going to be in this, $2.7 billion to $3 billion range. That's just what we feel that we can execute effectively. And if, for some reason, we find some very interesting projects that would increase that number going forward, we've told you guys that we'll make our case with you on why it's a good idea. Anyway, I think what you should expect is a bit more of the same going forward.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Fair enough. Fair enough. And then maybe just general comments around the market here. I think you've got refined products supply lower than it's been in a while, and as you head into winter time here, I don't think we've seen distillate this low in years. And I guess, historically, that kind of what's led to a ramp up in gasoline production too early in the spring. So maybe just as you look into 2018, the setup right now from an inventory standpoint, is it the surprise you? Are we looking at things being better than what you expected maybe earlier this year?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I think even pre-hurricane, you saw typically during that time period, you see some pretty good builds in distillate and distillate inventories were flat or even falling even before you had the hurricane effect. So, then when you had the supply disruption, it's definitely put us in a very good position in terms of inventory heading into the winter, the heating oil season, with much cold weather at all, I think we're in for a very strong distillate season. And then I think the point you made is accurate, the last several years, distillate hasn't been strong enough to really force refineries into the max distillate mode, and it's kind of created a gasoline build heading into driving season. But this year, it looks like with the strength in distillate, refineries will operate in a max diesel mode, which will help avoid the gasoline build and should be supportive of the gasoline crack next year.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys. Good morning, everybody. I've got – I'll take my full quota of two, if I may. Joe, the RIN question from earlier, I wonder if I could just add a bit of follow-up to that. What are your options to mitigate your RIN exposure? I'm thinking exports, retail, other things you can do, if this is going to drag on a bit more, because it looks like the RIN guidance, the cost guidance has ticked up a little bit from what you had previously. So I'm just wondering what your response will be now that that line of potential resolution appears to have stalled for now?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, no, Doug, that's a great question. And I think if you look at the projects that we've announced, okay. You look at the pipeline that will take products into the market area, we're going to own a terminal, it'll allow us to blend. We're aggressively expanding our wholesale marketing business. And then the terminal at Houston that we've announced with Magellan is going to allow us to export more product. We don't have our heads in the sand on this, by any stretch of the imagination, and we will continue to develop projects which allow us to deal with this issue. Again, though, Doug that being said, I think this fight is far from over. There's a clear realization, as Jason stated, not only at the White House and in Congress, but also with the regulators, that the RFS as it is structured today is broken. And it's not achieving the objectives of the legislation when it was implemented. And so there will be changes, and we'll continue to deal with it strategically, with the things we can control, and we'll continue to deal with it legislatively and from a regulatory front, to try to come up with some type of a reasonable solution to this. But we are doing what we can, Doug, to try to mitigate this expense.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I will wait to hear what you've to say on that on a future date. My follow-up is really, I guess, you kind of snuck this one out at a third-party conference, resetting the payout ratio to cash flow, and I really got to commend you guys for doing that in terms of the transparency, but my question is, basically, to get the full benefit of that, one would imagine that it resets your dividend yield, to some extent, that's already happened. But now that you're where your share price is trading, you've obviously been very cognizant about when to do buybacks, and what's really at the back of my question is, assuming we get a corporate tax reduction, one would imagine that your corporate cash flow is going to take another step higher through the cycle, what is your current thinking on the buyback versus dividend split as you go forward? And with this reset in the target, are we likely to see greater emphasis on dividend growth going forward now? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. On the reset of the target, I do not think that really affects our absolute dollar payout, but going forward, we're just going to provide it from a – with a different metric, we'll provide the guidance versus the different metric. You know, in regard to the dividend, our current plan is to review the dividend for increases annually, and to pay a dividend at the high end of our peer group range. Regarding share repurchases, they will be funded from our excess cash flow. So as we generate excess cash flow, we'll compare the repurchase with our alternative uses of cash, and if the repurchases is the best use then we'll repurchase some more shares.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I don't want to take up my quota here maybe, just an observation, your yield is now trading in line with ExxonMobil, just to put it in context which one would suspect that dividend growth gets rewarded in the relative yield of the share price, I guess, is what I'm saying. Just an observation, but I appreciate your answer and, yeah, I like the moves. Thanks a lot.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBS Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Joe, morning. You've obviously announced this new Mexico terminal sort of partnership, can you talk through sort of what having that terminal gives you that you didn't have before, as it relates to selling into Mexico?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Brad, this is Gary. We have secured a long-term deal that gives us access to deepwater marine terminal in Veracruz, Mexico. From there, we can supply inland terminals in Puebla and Mexico City. So we expect that to be in operation sometime in the first quarter of 2019. In addition to that, we continue to ramp up our cross-border volume to supply the market. And we're also exploring other opportunities to supply to some of the other major population centers. At this time, we're not ready to communicate any of those opportunities. In addition to all the work going on in logistics, we are also engaged with a number of retailers and distributors regarding wholesale volume to supply both branded and unbranded volumes to them.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Brad, I mean there's really two benefits, right? Number one, we sell barrels into Mexico today. This provides us with a footprint and the opportunity to capture additional margin on those barrels. And then it provides the opportunity to grow. It's a market where consumption is growing. Same is true with other parts of Latin America. And that's why we continue to look to those also. And then, of course, you get the other benefit. You have a RIN related benefit associated with securing those markets and exporting more into them.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's great color, guys. Thanks. And I guess maybe sticking with Gary, just on the Venezuela front. Obviously, you guys are big buyers of Venezuelan crude. I've heard a lot of anecdotes recently about quality declines there, and just general difficulty as it comes to payments. Any color you can give there about how you guys are thinking about Venezuela as a source going forward would be great.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure, our volumes from Venezuela have been fairly consistent. We certainly see the struggles that they have. Some of that shows up in the load windows. It's difficult to get the load windows, but we've been getting the volume, and we have seen some degradation in quality, but the commercial terms that we have on our contracts with Venezuela have price deducts that go along with those qualities. So we really haven't seen any problems as of yet.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Paul. Are you there?
Operator: It seems that he has dropped. I will move on to the next question. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Joe, two questions, maybe the first one will be for Gary, actually, for the Diamond Pipeline, when is that going to start up, and when the linefill going to be? What are the tariffs that we're talking about on there?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So Diamond Pipeline, we'll be doing linefill in November and we expect the pipeline to be in operation in December. To kind of get an idea of the economics today, we supply Memphis from the Gulf, and it's really an LLS plus pipeline tariff. When Diamond is in service, it will be Cushing or Midland TI plus the Diamond tariff. So it really is that WTI to LLS spread that you would look at. Today that spread is around $6.30.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So Gary, should I interpret what you say is that the tariff will be about the same as that from the Gulf Coast up to Memphis today?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No, There's a little difference in the tariffs, but it's not too significant.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And that when you're getting the oil from Cushing on the WTI (29:51) the Gulf Coast, are we going to see any yield difference or any things that we need to take into consideration in addition to the LLS, WTI spread?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, we'll have a number of grades that the – one of the reasons we like Diamond is it gives us access to a number of different crude grades and certainly, depending on what crude grades are economic at the time, there can be a yield shift associated with the crudes.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. But that's not in your base economic?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No, it's not.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. A second one, Joe, on the IMO 2020, does Valero have any plan or expect to launch refining CapEx projects associated with that to shift your yield?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Why don't I let Lane and Gary weigh in on this.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, this is Lane. So we obviously are looking at that and we have a view. Our existing assets will clearly benefit from that regulatory change, and we have several big projects that are in our gating process. We're not in a position to talk about them publicly, but we definitely understand that'll change the market not only for fuel oil, but we believe that the replacement fuel will be diesel. So, you'll see a fairly positive economics from that sort of resid to diesel spread. So, yes, we are looking at projects to take advantage of that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is there any timeline link that you guys may come to a FID decision, or any kind of timeline you can share?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, we will get to some FID decisions in the first half of next year. Maybe even as early as the first quarter of next year. We just got to go through our gating process and get the engineering done. And so, it'll be sometime next year when we would provide a little more clarity to everyone as to what we're deciding on and what we're going to invest in.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And would those be in the, say, $1 billion, $1.5 billion kind of project? Or will it be much smaller?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: All very excellent questions, but I think I've probably said about as much as I can.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, that was number three, okay?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: We love talking to you. We'll get out there with it soon enough though. And Lane answered it properly.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, hi. Good morning. I suppose I'll ask one more question a slightly different way there on the back of Paul's question which is, this range of CapEx that you've generally talked about, this kind of 2.5, I guess it's $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion type of range. Would any of these projects be big enough that it would influence that, or do you still think that you're generally going to operate within that range over the next few years?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: No, I don't think we're ready at this point in time to tell you that we're going to jump above that range. And the projects are material, but it goes into the discipline around selecting the ones with the best rates of return that position us best to grow in the future. And so, that's our focus. Projects take several years to construct. And so, even if it's a $1.5 billion project, you're talking $500 million, $600 million a year. So, I don't think you should expect that you're going to find us jumping to $3.5 billion to $4 billion of CapEx.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay. That's helpful. And then, certainly, I can appreciate all of your comments about the efforts on the Gulf Coast. I thought I'd just ask about where Valero is at in terms of, as we entered the fourth quarter, were there any residual effects anywhere in your system? I guess, I'm thinking maybe Port Arthur, or would you say you are fully back up and running by the start of the quarter?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Phil, this is Lane. So Port Arthur would have been the refinery that had the biggest lingering effect going into the fourth quarter, but our operations are back to normal as of now, so.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then last question for Joe. Joe, you've talked about this $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion of project EBITDA that's going to be coming over the next few years. $300 million to $400 million of that's in execution phase. So, can you talk – Diamond is coming, Wilmington is coming, Diamond Green Diesel, how much should we expect in 2018 uplift, run rate basis?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Why don't John give you some insight there.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Phil, so we've got Diamond Pipeline and Wilmington cogen that's coming up. We have given that slide 13 in our deck, so you can have a longer term view of expected EBITDA. We really don't break it down by year, so we don't have specific guidance on those two that you can expect next year. But you can kind of triangulate on the IRR thresholds that we've given in the slide deck, and use the base cost for those two projects to get a ballpark, depending on your price assumption. But what we have done in the past, and you can see in the slides on the toppers, was do a make good after there's some time where they operate, and we can kind of see what they are contributing. And I would think, for larger projects, we would continue to do that.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, would the run rate of the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion generally be fairly linear over this next five years, more broadly?
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, we don't have guidance on if it's lumpy or smooth, but as the projects come online, we'll look at it and talk about them a little bit. That's really all we can say.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning. Question for you. I was hoping to clarify on this VLP drop of $508 million. Can you clarify how much of that is going to be financed in the form of units versus cash? Basically trying to figure out how much cash is going to actually land on the balance sheet in 4Q?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, hey, Blake. This is Joe. Donna is going to give an answer to this.
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so, the net cash inflow to VLO for that should be a little north of $400 million. There will be some unit take-backs, but it'll be relatively small and less than $50 million.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And then, Gary, back on the previous question on shifting toward maximum distillate yield. I don't believe you stated this, but I was looking at your 3Q levels, and it looks like you were running about 38% distillate yield. I'm just curious, is that kind of the upper end of what you think the system can do or, I guess, how much flex do you have there?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: We generally say we have ability to swing about 5% of our yield slate. I would say, for the third quarter, we weren't in a max distillate mode for a good portion of the quarter. So, I think that's kind of the amount of flexibility you will see in the yields.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: And you think that's indicative of kind of industry? So, in other words, there may be another 2% or 3% or so ability to kind of flex more toward distillate going forward?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I would assume most people are similar to us.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, team.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: The first question was around the product export market. I just want your guys' perspective in terms of where ultimately the barrels are going, and the outlook for product exports as we roll into 2018 here?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: This is Gary. The third quarter, we did 88,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports, and we did 251,000 barrels a day of diesel exports. I think, especially on the diesel, you definitely saw some hurricane impacts. Prior to the hurricane, we were over 300,000 barrels a day of diesel exports. And then, certainly, with the hurricane, those volumes dropped. November, you know with November trade, we saw wide open arbs to go both to South America and to Europe. December trade, it looks like certainly a big pull again to Latin America. For the first few days of December trade, the arb Europe has been closed, but our traders expect it to open up. So we don't really see that there will be much of a material difference in export demand. In fact, we expect it to grow, as we see growth in South America.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I appreciate. And then the follow up, Gary, just on Brent TI. So you talked about how the system is switching to maximize lights, but do you have any views in terms of what's driving it this wide? It seems like LLS is very firm here. Houston pricing is actually relatively firm. It seems like there's a congestion or bottleneck around Cushing, but any color, as folks who are in the market in terms of what's driving the differential as wide as it is, and then just kind of how you are thinking about that spread going into 2018 as well.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so, I think what you're seeing in Brent TI is really a combination of factors. It's strength in Brent and weakness in TI. So, the strength in Brent, you've seen a pull from Asia of North Sea barrels, and you've seen good refining margins in Europe, and so it's pushed the Brent contract into backwardation. And then on TI, you've had weakness, and some of that was driven from the hurricanes. You had decreased demand for TI with refining capacity down. And then the hurricanes also hindered our ability to export the crude. Following that period, now you've had a period where you have some Mid-Continent refineries and turnarounds. It looked like, at the peak, 400,000 to 500,000 barrels of refining capacity that's down, and so it begun to stress the logistics a little bit. So the MarketLink line and the Seaway line are both under proration, and so it's really then caused this weakness in TI. So, certainly, it'll improve some as Mid-Continent refining capacity comes back online. But as we continue to seek production growth, I think, you'll see that pipeline tariffs are meaningful again, and we would expect to see a little bit wider Brent TI through next year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks guys. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Interesting development on Capline last week. Can you talk about the company's interest in possibly locking up line space on a potential reversal of that line, into St. James and Meraux and how are you thinking in general about the long-term mix of Canadian heavies into your Gulf Coast system?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Chi, this is Gary. It's really difficult for us to be able to comment because at this stage, we're not sure what's going to feed a Capline reversal. They said 300,000 barrels a day. We're not sure what feeds it. In general, though, we have connectivity into Memphis through Capline, so a reversal gives us more optionality at Memphis. And then I think if it is Canadian heavy, it gives us more access to Canadian heavy at our St. Charles refinery, which is a positive as well. But at this stage, it's just too early for us to really comment on anything we would do with that.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Well, does the Capline reversal change your support at all for Keystone XL moving in? I mean, you can get barrels into Patoka off Keystone. And how are you thinking about that?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, we're still supportive of Keystone XL. To us, it's the most efficient way to bring the barrels in. But we'll see what happens with that and then what happens with Capline.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And on Latin American heavies, you talk about Venezuela, but certainly there's the declining production throughout that region. How do you think that plays out longer term on availability of Latin American heavy into your region and how does that influence Maya differential longer term?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so I think you see some decline in South America but we see Canadian heavies continuing to ramp up, and so I think some of the lost barrels that you have from South America will be replaced by additional Canadian heavies. We certainly see that while the OPEC cuts are in place, that the quality differentials can be narrower. But when you get the OPEC barrels, you'll see wider differentials, and then as you move closer to this IMO 2020 date, we think that the quality differentials will be very wide during that period of time.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And maybe just one general question here. Joe, you talked about the hurricane impacts and supply chain efficiencies in your remarks, but is there any way you guys can get more fuel into Puerto Rico to help those people out? By all accounts, there's still a shortage of everything and it just seems like we need a private sector to step in and take a lead here to help out the situation there. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Chi, that's a really nice thought. I mean, we have provided financial support into Puerto Rico, as well as Mexico after the earthquakes. And then, of course, as a result of the hurricanes here. And from a fuel supply source, Gary.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, we certainly can look at it. I can't say that we've had any calls for fuel, but I'll look into it, Chi.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: But we sure wouldn't hold it back.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah, well, thanks for those thoughts. Appreciate it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Jenkins with Raymond James.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody. I guess maybe a couple on midstream from me, so last quarter we talked about M&A versus organic growth and, Joe, I appreciate your response to an earlier question. And you mentioned how much you prefer maybe the organic side given control of development and certainly seen that with investment or the announcements you've made in September. But I guess, I'm curious with the difficulties playing out in midstream stocks lately, and maybe the relative strength of VLP if maybe you see things looking better for M&A.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I mean, look, what we've seen – when we participated in the M&A market around, let's just say gathering systems, seems like they're still at pretty lofty multiples, okay? So then you get into, is it better to try to buy something like that or is it better to go ahead and do the development yourself? So obviously, we've seen plenty of opportunity to strengthen our system, both for Valero and for VLP by doing the organic projects. But, Rich, is there anything you'd want to add to this?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: It's basically what you said, the assets, the transactions that we see are trading north of 20-time multiples and we've got a good inventory of organic projects. And we've got the EBITDA upstairs, the dropdowns. So acquisitions are part of the growth strategy, but right now we've got a lot of good stuff at much more attractive multiples. But we do look at all this stuff.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, appreciate that, guys. And then maybe thinking on the financing plan for the two midstream JVs announced in September, do you think we could view it more like Diamond where we build it at VLO and drop into VLP, or is there a thought to get VLP involved sooner? And I'll leave it there. Thanks guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, and Donna may want to speak to this. But I mean, I would say that generally our ultimate goal here as VLP grows is to be able to allow it to be able to do its projects and its acquisitions on its own. Today, Valero still has absolutely no problem providing what – I won't call it financial support, but being on point for taking the asset and adding it to the drop inventory. Anything you'd add?
Donna M. Titzman - Valero Energy Corp.: No, I mean, right, so as soon as VLP can get to that size and scale to take this on, to take that negative cash impact on itself, we're certainly looking forward to doing it that way.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Justin.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. On run rates, your run rate guidance, in terms of volume throughput into 4Q is relatively in line with our expectations, but I think there's been some talk of deferrals of turnaround activity and maintenance activity into earlier next year to take advantage of the opportunity. I mean, are you seeing any of that across your portfolio or as you look broadly across the industry, do you have expectations for turnaround activity, I guess deferrals now or what it means for next year's maintenance period in February and March?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, Ryan, I'll start with the last question. We don't really give forward views on where we're going to be in the first half or even next year on our turnaround and not really on the industry. What I will say is that we deferred our McKee turnaround in the Mid-Continent for about two weeks to help get in the better contractor situation and supply situation, and so that was really just a two-week delay. We did move out a catalyst change in our LCO hydrocracker at Houston into next year. And that's pretty much the extent of our deferrals. We didn't have a lot of turnaround activity in the Gulf Coast going on or the Mid-Continent for that matter going on in the fourth quarter of this year.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you. And then maybe just one more quick one. In third quarter, I believe your feedstock was, I think you ran about 52% sweet. You were at 48% sweet last quarter. Prior to the start-up of Diamond, is there any additional flex in the mix to run additional sweet and get closer to the 1.6 million barrels of capacity or is that about max?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, if you look at the way we ran in the third quarter out of that 1.6 million barrels a day of capacity, we utilized about 85% of that. In the fourth quarter, certainly some of the underutilized capacity that we had was the result of the hurricane, so that capacity is back online. But with the heavy Canadian discounted to Houston TI barrel by 15%, economics are really pushing us towards the heavy at some of our plants, and then light sweet after that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Two questions. First, the decision to take back a small number of units in the VLP transaction, was that a function of the current market conditions for MLPs or was it just a function of you guys have $5 billion of cash in the balance sheet and you don't need to take back the cash?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: The decision to take back some of those shares was largely to mitigate some of our tax exposure on the deal.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, okay, got you. And then just, I guess, following up on that. The current cash balance of over $5 billion, no matter how much stock you buy back and how much you increase the dividend, the balance still remains. So I just want to understand your philosophy around that.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: That's a good thing.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Faisel, I mean, that's a good question. I take it your question is what are we going to do with all the cash. We're going to continue on the path we're on, and as I said earlier, we think our shares are undervalued. So the capital allocation framework that we've put in place has worked very well for us. We do – Mike mentioned we look at the dividend. I don't think we're at the top on where we're going to have dividend payouts going forward. And then we, again, a significant transaction, we chew up some of the cash. So again, we've told you in the past, our objective is not to hoard cash and just sit here with a ton of cash on the balance sheet. We're going to put it to work and we'll do it through the context of the capital allocation framework.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And when you say that an acquisition could chip some of the cash away, is it you've tried – you've looked for stuff and you just can't make it work or is it just the timing is not right?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, even with a lot of cash, it doesn't make sense to overpay for something. And when we – we have a very disciplined approach to looking at acquisitions. And as Rich stated, on the logistics side, 20 times multiples seem to be a little bit rich when we can do organic growth projects around logistics at much more attractive economics. Granted, the run rate is longer, the lead time is longer, but the result is much, much better for our owners than it would be if we overpaid for something. So patience isn't something maybe that we're all blessed with, but we're trying to do so and to continue to drive growth, but do it in a reasonable way.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Joe. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. The latest drop looks to be a bit of a lower multiple than historical. Is that driven more by perhaps higher maintenance CapEx on the assets, or the higher cash component? Is that an issue? And do you see multiples starting to stair step down for ensuing (51:49) drops relative to what you've done in the prior years?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: So the combined multiple for the most recent drop is not out of line from our prior drops. It's in that 8.5 time to 9.5 time multiple, and so I wouldn't attribute any higher maintenance or any capital associated with these assets. They're high quality assets. They're – again, remember, we solve for a IRR pre-tax for these dropdowns, and the multiple just kind of rolls out. So we're in that 12% to 13% pre-tax IRR on these drop downs, but there's nothing funny going on with the maintenance or CapEx associated.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I'm sorry. I may have just misunderstood the press release. Is the combined EBITDA $84 million?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: No, it's $60 million.
Craig K. Shere - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Oh, okay. I apologize.
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: No, problem, Craig.
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: And thank you. I see no further questions in queue at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us today. Please contact me or the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2017 second quarter earnings results conference call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke, Vice President, Investor Relations.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that we completed another quarter where we ran our refineries very well at high rates, and also delivered good financial results. Our low cash operating cost and highly reliable operations, combined with our advantage footprint focused on the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Mid-Continent, enabled us to achieve positive earnings and free cash flow generation, despite the choppy margin environment. As always, our team's primary focus is on safety and reliability, and we continue to deliver distinctive operating performance, but remain committed to improvement. As such, we're extending our participation in OSHA's Voluntary Protection Program to more of our facilities. Moving on to the refined products markets, we're pleased to see a rebound in distillate demand, in addition to the strong gasoline pull by domestic and export customers. Downward trends and product inventories and structural shortages in the primary export markets for the U.S. Gulf Coast provide an encouraging backdrop as we move into the second half of the year. On the crude supply side, we're seeing the impact of the OPEC cuts on the medium and heavy sour discounts, but increased U.S. drilling activity and crude production have supported attractive domestic sweet crude discounts relative to Brent in the second quarter. As a result, we switched our refining system to a maximum light crude slate in June. With current market conditions, operating a system with flexibility to process a broad range of feedstocks is very beneficial. Turning to capital allocation, we continued to execute very well on our capital program during the quarter. The Diamond Pipeline and Wilmington cogeneration plant are both on track for completion this year. Construction is continuing as planned on the Diamond Green Diesel expansion and the Houston alkylation unit, and we're looking forward to seeing the additional earnings contribution from all of these projects once they're complete. We continued demonstrating our commitment to stockholders by returning $658 million through dividends and stock buybacks in the second quarter. At this pace, we believe we're well positioned to exceed our payout target for the year. Lastly, on the topic of public policy, we get a lot of questions seeking our perspective on the many initiatives being worked on by the Trump administration. While it's difficult for us to speculate on the range or probability of potential outcomes, we're pleased with the emphasis that President Trump and his administration have placed on the energy sector, and their willingness to discuss the issues. So, with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the second quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $548 million, or $1.23 per share, compared to $814 million or $1.73 per share, in the second quarter of 2016. Second quarter 2016 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $503 million, or $1.07 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to the financial tables that accompany our release. Operating income for the refining segment in the second quarter of 2017 was $959 million, compared to $1.3 billion for the second quarter of 2016, which has been revised, retrospectively, to reflect the VLP segment. Second quarter 2017 operating income was in line with second quarter 2016 adjusted operating income of $902 million. Refining throughput volumes averaged 3 million barrels per day, which was 192,000 barrels per day higher than the second quarter of 2016. Our refineries operated at 96% throughput capacity utilization in the second quarter of 2017, despite an external power failure at the Benicia Refinery that caused an abrupt shut down and unplanned maintenance. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.51 per barrel were $0.10 per barrel higher than the second quarter of 2016, mainly due to higher energy costs in the second quarter of 2017. The ethanol segment generated $31 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2017, compared to $69 million in the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter of 2016 was $49 million. The decrease from the 2016 adjusted amount was primarily due to higher energy costs and strong industry ethanol production. Operating income for the VLP segment in the second quarter of 2017 was $71 million compared to $52 million in the second quarter of 2016, mainly due to contributions from the Meraux and Three Rivers terminals, and the Red River pipeline, which were acquired subsequent to the second quarter of last year. For the second quarter of 2017, G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $178 million, and net interest expense was $119 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $499 million, and the effective tax rate was 26% in the second quarter of 2017. The effective tax rate was lower than expected mainly due to the favorable resolution of an income tax audit. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $8.5 billion, and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.2 billion, of which $88 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 24%. At the end of June, we had $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which, $720 million was available only for VLP. We generated $1.8 billion of cash from operating activities in the second quarter. Excluding a working capital benefit of about $700 million, net cash generated was $1.1 billion. With regard to investing activities, we made $461 million of growth and sustaining capital investments, of which, $63 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. Moving to financing activities, we returned $658 million in cash to our stockholders in the second quarter, which included $312 million in dividend payments, and $346 million for the purchase of 5.4 million shares of Valero common stock. As of June 30, we had approximately $1.9 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Capital investments for 2017 remain on track for $2.7 billion of total spend. This amount, which includes turnarounds, catalysts and joint venture investments, consists of approximately $1.6 billion for sustaining and $1.1 billion for growth. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.65 million barrel per day to 1.7 million barrels per day, U.S. Mid-Continent at 445,000 barrels per day to 465,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 280,000 barrels per day to 300,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 440,000 barrels per day to 460,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $3.80 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.9 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, for the third quarter to be around $190 million, and net interest expense should be around $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $500 million. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This helps us ensure all callers have time to ask their questions. If you have more than two, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Phil Gresh, with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Phil.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question, just on the quarter itself, in terms of the situation at Benicia. I know there's been some press about this. I was wondering if you could just elaborate on it a little bit. What would you quantify as lost opportunity cost from it? It sounds like you're back, up and running, but just if you could clarify that as well.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Phil, this is Mike. We did – yeah, we are back, up and running. The opportunity is about – it's over $100 million in this loss. Using $100 million can give you some perspective; that would equate to about $0.16 per share. So, our second quarter earnings should have been around in that $1.40 range.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And we're back up and running at this point?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, we are.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, we are.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. Okay, second question is just on the capital spending. It feels a lot like last year, where you're trending well below the $2.7 billion number and kind of run rating closer to about $2.2 billion. So, is there anything big, specifically in the second half, we should be thinking about from a turnaround standpoint, growth capital standpoint, that would lead to a big pickup?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: I mean, our guidance right now is still $2.7 billion. We are trending a little bit below that. We have the completion out of the few of the projects that Joe talked about in his comments. So, we'll be reviewing this as we go throughout the balance of the year, and see if we need to give any updated guidance.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Cheng, with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two questions that maybe I don't know whether it's Gary or whether Lane is here. In your refining system, you've been doing phenomenally well for the last several years. Utilization rate is up, and more reliable. So, why not that realistically should we assume that this is as good on a sustainable run rate that you may be able to achieve or you actually think that the sky is the limit, and you will continue to be able to push it upward?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Paul, this is Lane. I'll take a stab at it. We obviously, always focus on reliability. Even though we know we outperform our peer group in this space, there's always room for improvement. We have a whole portfolio of 14 refineries. Some are absolutely excellent in the area of reliability and some not so much. And so, we can continue to work on those and get better. But, that's really what we're focused on is trying to be reliable. And through reliability, we think it's the path to lower operating costs, because we minimize the one-time event. So, there's still upside with respect to our reliability over the long haul. I mean, I think the area that we continue to really focus on is improving our turnaround duration. That's really the sort of the last – our cost structure is great. We just want to get – that's the area that we think we can work on. So, essentially, try to do these – expanded to raise the interval between turnarounds and execute on time and certainly be a very predictable on that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And if you could quantify, say is it going to be another 1%, 2%? Any kind of range that you can help?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: I'd have to get back with you on that, Paul. I don't know that we can – I don't know that we have estimated a range for that. The measure we use internally for our reliability is a Solomon indicator for mechanical availability, and I would say it's probably on the order of 0.5% to 1% probably improvement is still in front of us.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. The second question is for Joe. Joe, it's a little bit of the curveball. The last month or so, we have heard the number of countries in Europe, such as in UK and France, talking about, by 2040, they would stop the sale or ban the sale of the gasoline and diesel car. Just curious that in the board that when you guys are looking at that, is that a threat the board actually spend a lot of time at all? Or that you think say another 20 years to 30 years out is just way too premature to really thinking too much on that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, last year, at our strategic planning session, we met with the board and talked about the long-term viability of fossil fuels. So, the products that we produce. And every analyst that we read believes that, and people are doing 20-year outlooks, they all stated that we were going to see continued demand for gasoline and diesel fuel into the extended future. This news, I believe that you're talking about, I guess, we saw it a couple of days ago, yesterday or day before, on the EU moving away from fossil fuel vehicles by 2040. And it's not a surprise that things like that get proposed. But it's so far out on the horizon and so many things change that it's not something that we would change our strategy today to try to deal with. Jason, is there anything that you'd add to that?
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: I'd just add – kind of echo what you said. Specific to the UK announcement, it seems like they're really focusing on improving their air quality, specifically fighting nitrogen dioxide emissions. And 2040 is a way out. I mean, it's hard to say what pollution control or other technologies could evolve during that time, which may lead to different policy actually being implemented by the time you get to 2040.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Paul, just to summarize, I think it's not an issue that we believe is material enough right now that it's something that we need to alter strategy or visit with the board extensively about.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Spiro Dounis, with UBS.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Just want to start off with Mexico. I believe, we've seen some headlines suggesting that maybe they already made or are in the process of getting permits there, expanding into Mexico and the wholesale market. Just wondering if you could provide anything on that front.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I can, this is Gary. We are looking to build upon our current supply relationship with Mexico, as opportunities for product demand growth appear to be there. We believe our refineries are well positioned to allow us to be the cost advantage supplier into Mexico. We are in the final stages of securing a major supply arrangement in Mexico, but we have certain confidentiality obligations that prohibit us really from talking about it at this time. We're working on some pretty exciting things, and we'll be able to share our Mexico strategy with you in the near future.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Totally understand. I appreciate that color. And second, Joe, you mentioned the RFS, and the fact that you're encouraged just purely by the fact that the administration is willing to listen. I guess, I'm just wondering for sort of gauging our optimism on some sort of relief, is that really the only thing to be excited about, is that they're actually listening? Or do you feel like real relief is something we should expect maybe November or sometime next year?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Boy, that's really a great question. Why not let Jason take a crack at this, and then we'll see if there's anything to add.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Sure, yeah, this is Jason again. One thing that happened recently were the proposed RBOs were released by the EPA, and they were generally what we were expecting. We're pleased to see the reductions in the cellulosic and advanced targets, which seem to be more in line with the volumes that are actually being produced. Regarding the RIN prices, the RBO really didn't change our outlook for what we foresee on the horizon. On the volume side, we still have a 15 billion gallon conventional ethanol target, which has the industry butting up against the blend wall. And the blend wall is a real challenge in light of vehicle warranty, equipment compatibility and other issues. One positive note was, EPA did mention in the proposed RBO that they would be looking at possibly using their reset in the future, which is encouraging. That's a tool they have at their disposal. We also still have this broken structure with a disconnect between the point of obligation and the point of compliance. There're still very long parties and very short parties, and we think this is contributing to the high RIN prices, which are costing consumers billions of dollars a year. We are still hopeful the EPA is going to address the point of obligation. Our petition is still outstanding and the docket is still open. And these high RIN prices really aren't benefiting corn farmers or ethanol producers. It's just the RIN-long parties. They're not leading to more ethanol blending because the parties who control the blending are benefiting from the high RIN prices. So they just have no incentive to push to the blend wall. So, we're hoping this is a situation we can get addressed.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: We have been continuing to work this very actively, and really the administration has been very receptive to conversations around this. They are trying to do what's right and to fix broken processes. And so, we remain hopeful that point of obligation is dealt with properly, and we also are hopeful that the EPA uses its authority to adjust the RBOs to be sure that the blend wall doesn't become a chronic problem going forward.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Really appreciate the comprehensive answer. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Heffern, with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Morning, Joe. You or Gary, I'm just wondering your thoughts on if we see sanctions on Venezuela, what the impact on Valero's crude sourcing could be. Do you think that there will be difficulty securing heavy volumes? Or is it only going to be a price effect, if there is a price effect? Any color there would be great.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Brad, this is Gary. We've had a longstanding, very good relationship with PDVSA and they've been a good crude supplier to our system. The way we view any potential sanctions is, it really just creates some inefficiencies in the crude market. So, the natural trade flow for a lot of Venezuelan production should be to the U.S. Gulf Coast. If sanctions were imposed, those barrels will continue to flow. They'll just flow to other markets, and then we'll have to buy barrels away from other markets to supply our system, which will cause the cost of the heavy crude to go up some. It's really impossible for me to speculate how much the cost impact that would be.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Joe, I feel like we kind of have this conversation every quarter. But you guys continue to come in far above the payout target, and I think that you've come in above it ever since you've had the payout target. So, is that just an artifact of being in a lower crude spread environment right now that the earnings are depressed, but the cash flows aren't? Or is there a time in the future when we could see that target move higher?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I mean, that's a good question, too. We are producing significant amounts of free cash flow, and we've been consistent in using the capital allocation framework that we've got in place to help guide our use of cash. The one thing that we've shared is that we don't have an intention to continue to build huge stockpiles of cash, because Mike's got the balance sheet in a place where with our low debt to cap, if we wanted to do something we could do it. So, I think you should anticipate that we're going to continue to execute similarly to what we've done in the last several quarters. We always evaluate share repurchase versus dividends, and we would like to be in a position to continue to increase the dividend going forward. But to the extent that we have free cash, we're going to use it. Mike, anything you'd add to that?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: In addition to the payout target, we do look at, I mean, obviously, our operating and financial results, our cash flow, our cash position, and then competing uses of that cash. So, the target is just one thing that we look at. And Joe said, our plan is not to hoard the cash, but we're going to continue to invest in our business, and then also buy back shares, if that's the best alternative.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Appreciate the answers, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Sankey, with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is kind of maybe not a follow-up, but maybe should have been a prequel to the previous question, Joe, which is about where you think we are in the cycle. Because, the way I see it, oil has settled around $50 per barrel, and looks like that kind of down the strip. Your earnings have been fairly stable. We've mentioned that you've been doing a great job of paying out cash. I guess one exception might be the OPEC cuts and whether that changes things. And the other thing I wanted to sort of address, and this is a bit convoluted, but also how you see seasonality now. And then, to be specific, to start you off, you said you maximized out your light crude consumption. Could you just specify or remind us what that number is?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet, Paul, and I'll let Gary take a crack at this.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, to start with, on the light processing capability, we now say we can run about 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude. In the second quarter, we were a little below 1.4 million barrels a day, so about 88% of our capacity was utilized in the second quarter. The third quarter, we'll see that trend up a little bit more. Some of it has been, some of the domestic medium sours have still been economic to run, and that's why we're not completely at 100% of our capacity in the system. On the discussions on margins, we tend to look at a mid-cycle case. And our view is that where current margins are, they're below mid-cycle. The gasoline cracks are good, slightly above mid-cycle. But the diesel cracks have been fairly significantly below our mid-cycle case. As we move forward, our view is that the diesel cracks continue to improve, as global demand growth causes those balances to tighten. And then, certainly, when you look out further, the IMO bunker spec change, in our mind, has a significant impact on diesel consumption and will cause cracks to be fairly strong as you approach 2020.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, how do you define mid-cycle then?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: So, everyone does that differently. We have a period that is from 2009 through 2015 that we use. That average over that period is what we call our mid-cycle.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, that's understood. And so, I guess you're a bit below. Would you be anticipating, therefore, higher oil prices? I mean, crude prices going forward.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, we think crude prices will go up. I think that the efficiency gains in the upstream kind of caps how high they need to go, but we certainly see where crude prices will go up some from where they are today.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks. And, Joe, if I could – again, speaking of people saying we seem to ask this every quarter, but if I could just roll back, you seem to be talking about cash in and cash out is how you're looking at the company. But you've got this net income target. Could you just square the circle one more time for me on the payout potentially of net income against the company, which seems to be more planned on cash in, cash out? Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Paul, I think we said, we look at both, right? We use the 75% of net income as the target, just because it's such a transparent metric. But when Mike and John are looking at our repurchase strategy, and really the use of cash in general, in setting that target, he looks at multiple metrics, right.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: I mean, if you look at it on a cash flow basis, excluding the favorable working capital that we had this quarter, the payout is at 60% of our cash flow. That was for the second quarter.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, it's been great for you guys. I mean, if you look at the multiple, assuming that you're below mid-cycle it makes sense, but you've nevertheless seen quite a material expansion in your multiple, I think, as a result of your strategies. So, congrats, I guess. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from Neil Mehta, with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, you guys have a unique perspective on what's happening from a global oil demand perspective given how far your barrels travel. Obviously, there was concerns about demand earlier this year, with the IEA reporting demand sub 1 million barrels a day in the first quarter. Second quarter looked very, very good. I just wanted to get your perspective, over the last couple months and then also looking forward, where do you see oil demand tracking? And, geographically, where do you see pockets of strength?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Neil, this is Gary. We continue to see domestic demand as strong, and then a real pull into the export markets. As the U.S. Gulf Coast basis is stronger during driving season, you don't see that so much on gasoline. Although, we still saw a pretty good pull of gasoline into Mexico and South America. Then, on the diesel side, we saw very high diesel demand into the export markets. We exported 281,000 barrels a day of diesel during the quarter, which was a record for us, and we're really not seeing that fall off much as you move forward. So, this time of year is typically where diesel demand bottoms out, seasonally, and so the fact that we've been able to continue to pull diesel inventories down, at a period where demand is at its lowest, kind of sets up what could be a very good heating oil season this year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great, guys. Then, the follow-up question is just on RINs here. I think your guidance is $750 million to $850 million. Given where the D6 RIN has moved, and even frankly, the D4 as well, is it fair to say that you're going to be on the upper end of that range?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that's fair to say, Neil. Unfortunately.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Yeah. All right, guys, thanks. Thanks again.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: I realize we didn't get tax guidance for next quarter, but I was hoping you could maybe just give us an update on the status of this income tax audit. I guess I'm just a little worried if this finally rolls off or comes off, we're going to have like a rapid reversal in the taxable income.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, the tax rate, we've had some favorable adjustments the last couple of quarters that has lowered that tax rate. But, why don't I try to give you guidance for the year. So, for 2017, we do expect our effective tax rate to be about 28%.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay, so, on a full year, 28%.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, let's try that.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: That works.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Blake, you were listening, you missed the tax guidance.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: We had a bet on that, whether anybody would notice.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: I thought maybe John just skipped it, so.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: But we've been so accurate.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: The second question I had for you is kind of a follow-on to Paul's question on the light sweet. So, it sounds like you're kind of at 88% of your capacity in 2Q, and that's trending up in 3Q. I guess, is the view that that will continue ramping up as lower 48 volumes ramp up? And I presume, once we've exhausted the system, assuming Valero is kind of a proxy for the industry, presumably we'll have more exports. Are you planning to kind of participate in that? Or is that an opportunity for you?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Blake. So, I guess the way I would say, certainly in the near future, we expect to be maximizing light sweet, and it's somewhat tied to U.S. production. But, to me, the real change would probably be more tied to when the OPEC barrels come back online. As the OPEC production comes back online, the differentials widen back out and we start pushing some mediums and heavies back into our system. In terms of your question on the exports, our primary focus is putting the most economic crude dye in front of each of our refineries. So, our exports have really been focused on getting barrels to Pembroke, in Quebec. As exports continue to grow, we could decide if we want to venture into selling to third parties. But right now, our focus has just been getting it into our own system.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. All right, thanks, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Leggate, with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Morning, Joe. Morning, everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Joe, I want to hit on this light crudes question as well, if I may. I hate to beat a dead horse. But I'm just kind of curious, from a macro standpoint, what has triggered this change recently. It might seem pretty obvious. But Saudis and OPEC's comments about cutting exports to the U.S., directionally, is that the thing that has prompted you to do this? I'm just curious what the catalyst was, given the OPEC theoretically cut at the beginning of the year. As a quick follow on to that, hopefully John doesn't count this as my second question, when you're running light sweet crude, what does that do to your operating costs, given you're not running the upgraders? I guess, less than you'd normally be.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: All right, I'll answer the first part, and then Lane answers the operating cost portion. Really what we saw is, when the OPEC cuts were announced, you really didn't see much of a market response to that announcement. So, the medium sour differentials and the heavy sour differentials remained wide enough that that was the economic barrel to put in front of our system. Had the cuts have gone on longer, longer, the medium sour differentials have come in and the heavy sour differentials have come in such that the most economic barrel to put in front of our refineries is the domestic light sweet. And so, that's what we've done. And the change there kind of started occurring in the second quarter. And even in the second quarter, you saw the domestic medium sour still economic. But now, if you look at the MARS versus MEH type spread, or TI in Houston; it strongly favors running domestic light sweet. And so that's where we're headed, and I think we'll be there until the OPEC production comes back.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, Doug, this is Lane. In terms of the incremental operating cost or light versus medium or heavy, I think at a reportable level, it's not very measurable. I mean, I don't think you would see a change in our operating costs, based on our crude mix. Where it would show up, if we run more or less barrels. And so, to the extent that, at some of our refineries when we go light, like at Port Arthur, we actually run more barrel, because our coker fills up later. So, on an OpEx basis, you might actually see our OpEx go down. But, it's a little bit by refinery by refinery whether it would show up. I sort of believe you wouldn't see it in aggregate. We wouldn't – it wouldn't be a reconciling item for us.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. I've actually assumed it would be an incremental positive, given your coker comment. But – so, my follow up and, John might note, sort of for the record, my second question. But my follow-up, I guess with a bigger, a larger light slate, you're going to see a larger gasoline cut coming out of that. And I want to wrap a couple things together here with the dynamics of U.S. demand. Your project queue, as it relates to somewhat limited growth capital with your discipline and so on, I'm just wondering where the whole export strategy fits for products in Valero's strategy going forward. In other words, is that something we could see you swing to a more aggressive investment to basically avoid RINs and maximize your gasoline margin and all the rest of that? I'm just kind of curious how that fits. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so I guess the first question on whether running the lighter diet increases our gasoline make, I would say it's not significantly different as we go lighter. A lot of our gasoline production capacity is maxed out. And so when we go lighter, we end up exporting naphtha. And then, on the export strategy, we want complete flexibility to take our finished product to the highest netback market. And so that's certainly been our strategy, and we'll continue along that path. And if that's selling domestically, that's great. But if we can get a higher netback putting the barrels on the water, then we want the flexibility to be able to do that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: And Doug, just on the capital piece of this. So, we are working projects aggressively that facilitate our ability to be very efficient in the export of products. And it's just, unfortunately, a little bit premature for us to give you any insight into that. But I think that you should expect there to be more communications on this over the next several weeks, as we firm up some of the things that we're working on.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's terrific, Joe. Maybe we can do it on beer and a sausage and you can tell me about it over that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You're on. I would look forward to it.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you. Bye.
Operator: And we have our next question from Chi Chow with Tudor Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thank you. I might have missed this, but could you provide the product export volumes by product in 2Q? And related to that, can you talk about the dynamic on the slack capacity on the Colonial Pipeline? And is that related to the exports? And how will that trend going forward in the back half of the year here?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Chi, this is Gary. So, on gasoline, we did 88,000 barrels a day during the second quarter. Most, all of that went to Mexico and South America. Diesel, we did 281,000 barrels a day. And then, if you combine the kerosene, it was 326,000 barrels a day. That went about 75% to South America, 25% to Europe. And so, then, on your question on Colonial, we've seen the economics of shipping on Colonial have been challenged for quite some time now, and it really is tied to the exports. So, historically, what you saw happen is, as U.S. Gulf Coast started to become long on product, the bases got weak, and you had an arb to ship up to New York Harbor on Colonial. What's happening today is that the length in the Gulf has been pulled to the export market, and it kind of keeps the U.S. Gulf Coast basis a lot stronger, such that there isn't an economic incentive to ship on Colonial. The other factor that comes into play here is the Jones Act freight. And so with Jones Act freight coming off, you can put finished product on a Jones Act vessel and bring it around to the harbor, and it's within a penny of what it costs to move it on Colonial. So, that also has been a factor that's come into Colonial coming off allocation.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Gary, I guess what you were saying back to the netback question. You are getting a higher netback on exports then is that what's implied versus shipping on Colonial?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, that's right.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay, thanks. Second question is more a strategic in nature. Yes, Joe, regarding the company's long-term investment strategy, many of your Gulf Coast competitors and I'm pointing to specifically Exxon and Motiva, have announced absolutely huge capital programs, $18 billion to $20 billion predominantly to integrate downstream into petchems. Do these announcements influence your thinking at all, from a competitive standpoint, on the long-term strategy of sticking to refining, primarily in the Gulf Coast?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I mean, Chi, it's a good question. And it doesn't change our strategy. We've talked in the past about a petrochemical strategy, and it's it really not as dramatic or as significant as you might be thinking. Currently, we produce a number of petrochemical streams. Products like propylene and BTX. And the strategy that we're talking about here is really to capture more of the margin available from those petrochemical stream where it makes economic sense to do so. The investments associated would be related to any additional processing, and then logistics to store and transport these products. We have no plans to deviate from our capital allocation framework, and decisions to allocate capital to these projects will be based on the expected project returns within our notional capital budget. So, although these guys are investing in these major petchem projects, that's really not our plan or our focus. And we do continue to have a focus on improving our refinery operations. We have a focus on integrating from the wellhead into the refineries, and from the refineries out, so that the margin that's captured in the movement of products and crude is something that we capture rather than paying to somebody else. And so, I don't think that you should worry that you're going to wake up one day and we're going to be announcing that we're investing in a mega billion dollar petchem complex. It's just not on the radar screen for us.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Are any of these incremental petchem projects in the CapEx budget at this point?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: They're still in development, and we've got placeholders for them.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, again, I don't think you should expect that we're going to deviate materially from this 2.5 to 2.7 number, going forward.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Joe. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Jenkins with Raymond James.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. I guess maybe a couple on midstream from me. So, obviously, there's a lot of competition there and some pretty high asset valuations. And, Joe, I know you've said in the past that recent transactions have looked a bit aggressive, and really I appreciate the answer to Blake's question on light sweet. But really would the interlink with the refining footprint in VLP and maybe the synergies there be enough to justify a higher multiple for building or buying assets?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think if you're going to buy assets, you're going to have to be prepared to pay a higher multiple. I mean, that's just where the market seems to be today. And, so, building them has really been where we've had a great deal of focus. I mean, we're looking at assets that are in the market for sale today, but we always compare it to the alternative uses for cash. Relative to exports, Rich, you want to give any update?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Relative to the exports on the crude side, we're looking at a couple projects at Corpus and at Port Arthur to increase the ability to export crude. We've got, as Joe mentioned earlier, we've got some projects that are in the development that we'll be able to share more in the coming weeks, but that will significantly increase the ability to increase product exports. So, we're focused on getting that flexibility for Valero.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, but, Justin, we really like the idea of the organic growth projects, where we have a great deal of control over the investment profile and the project execution.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yeah, great. I appreciate that response, guys. And maybe – not sure how far I'm going to get with this one, but with the contested terminal acquisition in California, anything you can share there, in terms of what you expect, and in terms of how that plays out, and what it would mean to have in Valero's hands going forward?
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. This is Rich again. So, we really can't provide anymore additional details than what's kind of been in the press release, other than the FTC allowed the transaction to go through, and the Cal AG has intervened. And that's kind of where it's at right now.
Justin S. Jenkins - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Figured that was the case, but had to try. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just a couple questions. First of all, just on the working capital, the $700 million benefit. What caused that? Because I guess some of the companies that are reporting are seeing working capital draws.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, in our instance, a little over $400 million of that was due to reduction in inventories. And then we had about a $250 million increase in the crude expenses. So, some of that's going to be timing, obviously, where we will be paying off those expenses.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, got you. And then just on the projects that you guys have in development, but not in execution. I guess this potential, I guess, $1 billion in EBITDA, when do you have to start to go to FID on these projects? Because, you've already got some projects in execution that are in 2019, and you're talking about a potentially large number as you go into 2021. So, at what point do you have to start making decisions on some of these projects, whether it's octane enhancement or the supply chain into Mexico?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Faisel, the way, and Lane can talk in more detail about this, but the way that we work our projects, we look at the target for the year. And we've got a fairly dynamic approach to doing this, where Lane's engineering staff will work the projects, and then we review them periodically to see which ones we want to continue to proceed forward and to invest capital in. And so, it's not like we look at everything in the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter. We're looking at them throughout the year. Any color you want to add to that?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: The only thing I would add is, we do have a strategic view. We invest in projects that we think increase our ability to meet what we consider to be higher octane requirements in the future. We like the idea of small, sort of quick-hitting projects that give us more feedstock flexibility, because we think we're particularly good at that. And, obviously, we – we have a strategic view to capture more of or pay ourselves for our own secondary costs, and there's a lot of projects in this. We just have made the decision to be careful about communicating more around the timeframe of where we do have an FID decision versus just sort of – we're trying to say, conceptually, this is how we view the world. Trust us that we have plenty of projects that fit into that space and we're going to execute them rateably, and on a predictable basis.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And so then, when I think about the $1 billion annually through 2021, and then the illustrative number of 1.2 to 1.4, So is it right to say that that gets you to your 25% IRR? Is that the way to think about it?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so the way that we've talked about this, is we wanted to illustrate the fact that we did have attractive growth projects in place. And so, half of that capital is deemed to be refining projects, which have the higher 25% return threshold. Could be 24%, could be 28%. But they're typically in that range or better. And, on the logistics side, we know that those tend to be lower-risk projects, and so they tend to have lower return thresholds. And so that's where we use kind of a 12% to 15% threshold for. And that capital is split 50/50 between those two categories. And if you just extrapolate out where that would take you, you get to your $1 billion to a $1.2 billion of incremental EBITDA resulting from a capital program that would be executed every year for the next five years.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, got you. And this is the last question. The open season on Keystone XL, are you guys still committed to take capacity to that line? And I guess especially given some of the issues going on in Venezuela, does that make it more important?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think we remain committed to the line, and we think that the U.S. Gulf Coast with the high complexity refining assets is best home for the growing production of Canadian crude. So, we're working a number of commercial options to continue to support that Pipeline.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Faisel.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, most of this has been hit, but I guess maybe following up on the recent comments. One of the questions here on the export terminals in Port Arthur and Corpus. Recent headlines, the LOOP would be considering the possibility of exports, and I believe you've got an interest there. So, how does that fit into the overall process? Does it change anything you would do? Or is it just a longer term enhancement?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Roger, this is Gary. I think what we understand is being contemplated at LOOP, at least in the short term, is a fairly small capital investment that will allow limited exports out of LOOP. We think around the neighborhood of 50,000 barrels a day, which in our mind is not really significant in terms of impacting the overall capability. But that's exactly what we're doing, is we're evaluating the existing logistics and the volume leaving, and when those logistics start to become taxed, then we can look at adding to those, either through what Rich talked about at Corpus or Port Arthur, as those opportunities become available to us.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Take a little while to fill up a VLCC at 50,000 barrels a day?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, it's exactly right.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, and then kind of getting back to some of the macro questions here. We've seen the northern or let's call it the Atlantic market, product market, tighten up quite a bit. Nice inventory draws here, and in Europe. Given that we've had really high throughputs here, what do you kind of identify as what's helped us see the market change from kind of Memorial Day to the 4th of July period? It didn't appear to be lower run rates here or in Europe. So I was just curious, did we see bigger product draws into markets that are harder for us to identify? I'm thinking Africa or anywhere else. Or was it just demand picked up?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think it was a combination. So, we certainly saw an increase in demand from the first quarter to second quarter domestically. And then we've seen a big pull into Mexico and South America that's really helped us create the inventory draws.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. I appreciate the help. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to John Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay, thanks, Vanessa. We appreciate everybody joining us today. Please contact our IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp. Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp. Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2017 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. John Locke, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations & Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Now, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal securities laws. These are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Our team again delivered solid operating results and distinctive financial performance during a quarter where we saw heavy maintenance activity and soft margins. Our continued focus on safety and reliability in our plants has been key to our ability to capture the available margin. In the first quarter, we saw healthy domestic and export demand for refined products driven by low prices, seasonal weather conditions in North America and Europe, and a resurgence of domestic oil patch activity. Latin America also continued to be a strong source of demand for gasoline and diesel. On the crude supply side, we continued to see rig count increases in the U.S., particularly in the Permian Basin. As production ramps up and more domestic sweet crude makes its way to the Gulf Coast our refineries in the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast are prepared to capture the feedstock opportunities. While RIN prices have declined relative to 2016 there's still a significant headwind for the quarter. At this level, RIN's expense remains an issue for us, so we continue to work with regulators. Turning to our refining segment, in the first quarter we completed a heavy turnaround schedule at our Benicia, Texas City, St. Charles, and Meraux refineries. Our employees and contractors safely executed these projects. With the majority of our planned maintenance for the year behind us, we should be ready to capture available market opportunities. In our ethanol business, we had record production volumes for the quarter as higher ethanol prices and strong demand for ethanol exports supported production rates. Also in the first quarter, we invested $641 million of sustaining and growth capital, construction is progressing on the Diamond Pipeline with completion expected at the end of this year. Work on the Diamond Green Diesel plant expansion, the Houston alkylation unit and the Wilmington cogeneration plant is continuing as planned. Turning to our MLP, as we disclosed in our 10-K for 2016, we created a new VLP segment to align how we manage and allocate resources. Growth in our VLP segment is critical to Valero's strategy to optimize the supply chain. The third party acquisition of the Red River pipeline in January is a good example of VLP executing this strategy, which is focused on assets that are key to Valero's operations or that will supply third party volumes without taking on commodity risk. Lastly, regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid $629 million in cash through dividends and stock buybacks. So, we believe we're in good shape to exceed our payout target for the year. This payout demonstrates the company's free cash flow generating capability even in a soft margin environment. So, with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the first quarter, net income attributable to Valero's stockholders was $305 million, or $0.68 per share, compared to $495 million or $1.05 per share in the first quarter of 2016. First quarter 2016 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $283 million, or $0.60 per share. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to page three of the financial tables that accompany our release. Operating income for the refining segment in the first quarter of 2017 was $647 million, compared to $915 million for the first quarter of 2016, which has been revised retrospectively to reflect the new VLP segment. First quarter 2017 operating income was in line with first quarter of 2016 adjusted operating income of $652 million. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which was in line with the first quarter of 2016. Our refineries operated at 91% throughput capacity utilization in the first quarter of 2017, which reflects turnarounds that occurred at the Benicia, Texas City, St. Charles, and Meraux refineries. Refining cash operating expense of $3.85 per barrel were $0.39 per barrel higher than the first quarter of 2016, mainly due to a higher level of maintenance activity and higher energy costs in the first quarter of 2017. The ethanol segment generated $22 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $39 million in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted operating income for the first quarter of 2016 was $9 million. The increase from the 2016 adjusted amount was primarily due to the higher ethanol prices and record production volumes. Operating income for the VLP segment in the first quarter of 2017 was $70 million compared to $43 million in the first quarter of 2016. The primary drivers for the increase in operating income are contributions from the McKee, Meraux, and Three Rivers Terminal and the Red River Pipeline which were acquired subsequent to the first quarter of last year. The Red River Pipeline operations, acquired in January, have been integrated into VLP and are performing as expected. For the first quarter of 2017, general and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation, were $190 million and net interest expense was $121 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $500 million and the effective tax rate was 26% in the first quarter of 2017. The effective tax rate was lower than expected, mainly due to a reduction in the statutory rate in Quebec and favorable settlements from several state income tax audits. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $8.5 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.5 billion, of which $66 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was 24.1%. We have $5.4 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $720 million was available for only VLP. We generated $988 million of cash from operating activities in the first quarter, excluding a working capital benefit of $151 million, net cash generated was $837 million. With regard to investing activities, we made $641 million of growth and sustaining capital investments, of which $245 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. Moving to financing activities, we returned $629 million in cash to our stockholders in the first quarter, which included $315 million in dividend payments and $314 million for the purchase of 4.7 million shares of Valero common stock. As of March 31st, we had approximately $2.2 billion of share repurchase authorization remaining. Our guidance for 2017 capital expenditures of $2.7 billion remains unchanged. This amount which includes turnarounds, catalyst, and joint venture investments consists of approximately $1.6 billion for sustaining and $1.1 billion for growth. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.69 million to 1.74 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 285,000 to 305,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 455,000 to 475,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be approximately $3.70 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash cost, such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses, excluding corporate depreciation for the second quarter, to be around $170 million, and net interest expense should be about $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $500 million, and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 30%. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their questions too. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Benny Wong with Morgan Stanley.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. You had some positive market commentary in your press release this morning. I'm just curious to hear your thoughts around product balances for refining runs (12:13) expected to pick up strongly, and where you expect the demand to come to meet that?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Benny, I think what we've seen is early – and I'll talk about gasoline first. Earlier in the year, we saw that gasoline demand looked to be down a little bit and when we looked at the data more specifically, you could see it was a lot weather related, especially on the West Coast, you had a rainy season which caused demand to be down. As we progressed through the quarter, our March volumes looked to be fairly consistent with what we saw last year. So I think we think domestic demand will be fairly consistent with what we saw last year, but we're seeing a stronger pull on exports than what we saw last year, particularly Latin America, there appears to be a good pull of gasoline into Mexico and South America. On the distillate side, really for the whole first quarter we saw slightly better distillate demand, some of that was due to a little bit colder weather. We've seen good agricultural demand and then as we start to see the upstream recover, we're starting to see a pull there as well, on the distillates. And then distillates exports are also strong, again same – we're seeing some exports to Europe, but mainly strong export demand into Latin America.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Really appreciate that color. And just in regards to splitting of the VLP results, can we read into this as a signal to expect a lot more growth in dropdown activity in this area?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: You know, we don't provide guidance on our dropdowns as it relates to the VLP. We're in good shape. We do provide the distribution growth plans for the next two years, but we have high coverage rate at the LP, and so we're not going to provide any of the dropdown guidance.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: And Benny, I think, and John can talk a little bit too, he and Mike, we went through this process of trying to decide, did we want to go ahead and create the segment. We felt we needed to create the segment so that there was more line of sight to what it is, and then the question becomes, what do you put in the segment? We decided to keep it as clean as possible and just be sure that everybody had a line of sight to the fact that this is the way we manage the business, and we wanted it to be very clear and clean. So the portfolio of assets that we have at Valero that are still droppable, all of that EBITDA that's droppable into VLP is there, but we didn't want to cloud it by including that. So anyway, it's a pretty straight up segment.
Benny Wong - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for the color. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Phil.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question, just wanted to come back to Joe, your commentary on RINs. Do you view that the quarterly run rate here as a fair number for the full year? I think you're expecting a higher number when we were coming out of last quarter. And then just generally, your thoughts on what's happening right now, thoughts on the preliminary RVO standard point of obligation potential. I know there was a hearing going on yesterday where the U.S. Appeals Court was questioning the EPA's authorities, and suggesting Congress should be responsible for fixing the renewable fuel standards. So it seems like there's a lot of information out there.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Phil, that's a good question, and I'll let Gary talk a little bit about the RIN market, and then Jason can just give you an update on the regulatory front, if that's okay.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: So, I think, we certainly saw, especially D6 RINs call off early in the year. We're not really ready to revise our guidance at this time. We're going to keep our guidance where it is, and we'll just see how successful we are on some of these things about moving the point of obligation and what happens to RINs.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: And regarding the 2018 – regarding the timeline for releasing the 2018 RVO targets, we think they're going to try to hit the November 30th deadline. They're going to try to stay on target. To meet that, they need to push the proposed rule out by late May or early June. And on those oral arguments you mentioned that occurred yesterday on the lawsuit relating to the 2014 to 2016 RFS targets, we understand there were a lot of questions, and the judges were pushing the EPA on the grounds that they'd used to grant the waiver in their questions. I think they were kind of signaling that maybe the EPA could have used another ground which had been even more defensible than the one that they did. They based it on the inadequate domestic supply of biofuels versus causing severe economic harm. But we wouldn't read too much into the questions at oral argument. We do think the EPA properly issued the waiver when they did it and one thing that we would note is in the arguments and the questions from the judges, it was clear to us that our arguments at the point of obligation should be evaluated in setting the RVO numbers which was what we claimed in the case had some traction. The judges seem to buy into that, so we were encouraged by that. Now, on what we think is going to happen with the point of obligation overall. Kind of to give you an update on the process we're going through, the comment deadline on our petition to change the point of obligation was February 22nd. The EPA has now received all of the comments and they're receiving them. We think the majority of the comments that were filed are in favor of our position and with the new team at the EPA we're really hopeful. We think when they look at the facts we expect them to resolve this question in our favor. And on timing which is what a lot of people are asking, there's no specific deadline on the EPA. We think they're diligently looking at this and there's a lot of concern and urgency because of the harm the high RIN prices are doing to the refining sector, so we think it could be done in the next six months if they push it.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great, that's very helpful. I appreciate the color. Second question would just be on light-medium, and light-heavy differentials. We started to see some timing here in the second quarter which I presume is mostly due to the effects of the OPEC cuts starting to flow through. Is that consistent what you guys have been seeing out there? And generally how are you thinking about light-medium, light-heavy differentials?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. I think that is consistent. We saw that when OPEC announced their cuts that there wasn't a big market reaction and I think a lot of that was we feel like there was a demand offset to the supply offset, so we had lower refinery demand with turnaround season and then they weren't burning as much oil, so there wasn't that much of an impact. And then we also think that a disproportionate amount of cuts went to the Far East and not to the U.S. market. As the U.S. has come out of turnaround season you're seeing a bigger impact of those cuts on the medium to light differential and I think where we are is we just kind of are waiting to see if really the OPEC countries are committed to our market or not. So far they've kind of sent the volume they want to send, but we got in last week where the differentials were to the point where economic signals were starting to point us to switch to a more domestic light sweet diet and back out the medium sour from the Middle East. What we've seen this week it's starting to widen back out, so I think they recognized that and I think they're committed to maintaining market share here and we've kind of seen a floor on that medium to light spread because you started to see refinery switch to the lighter diet and so this week it's improved about $0.50 from where we were last week.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think this maybe for Gary, the first question. Gary, I believe you guys had mentioned you're spending about $350 million a month in the secondary costs outside of feedstock which means that (20:27) to bring either the feedstock or the crude or the product from pond to pond (20:31) and that is a major area where that you think optimization and improvement could be. Could you give us an example what could be done and how big is the magnitude. Are we talking a about potential 10% is the reasonable medium term objective of benefit or higher or lower and any kind of a number that you can share?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, so it's really impossible for us to give guidance in theory because so much of what's rolled into this is outside of our control, so just to give you an example, freight rates play a big role in that overall $350 million of spend. Things that we're doing is renegotiating terminal deals that we have, making sure that our barge utilization is efficient as it can and so what we'll try to do is work with John. We have some dashboarding tools that we're using to measure our progress and we'll try to work with him to see if there's something we can share with you guys going forward, but I can't really give you a dollar target.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. A second one, Joe, in terms of the organic investment opportunity in the company, where do you see the biggest opportunity for the next, say, two or three years?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, I think it's in the refining side of the business, in the midstream side of the business. I'll let Lane talk a little bit about the projects that we've got going on in refining and then maybe Rich wants to share a little bit about anything we got going on on the logistics side, but Rich don't tell them anything secret.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: We will keep it a secret here.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: I know you would, Paul. All right.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Paul, this is Lane. We still have a strategic outlook of what we think, we are always looking at our assets with respect to feedstock flexibility. And really there's two lines that we invest there. One is to look at the natural capital arbitrage as it sits in refining to make sure we can fill it out the way we'd like and make sure we have access to the right feedstock. The other way we invest in that is, here's Rich's area and that's getting connectivity to terminals or get docks with respect to getting the products out or the feedstocks in, so really when we think about feedstock flexibility, it's really the opportunity to invest both in refining and logistics. We also have sort of a long-term outlook that we think octane is going to be valuable and we're in the process of building our Houston alky, we're looking at other octane capability throughout our system and so that's really the other one. And the final one is we're building the cogens at both Wilmington and we're looking at one at Pembroke and this is in response to what we think that natural gas price where there's an arbitrage between how the utilities are going to provide power costs versus our ability to make it ourselves using natural gas.
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, this is Rich. Part of the organic stuff that we've got going on is we've been vocal about the Diamond Pipeline. That's gone through the DRB process and has full funding approval. We're about 40% complete on that. Going forward, the organic stuff that we look at kind of is supportive of Gary's $350 million of secondary costs which are pipelines and terminal expenses and we look at opportunities to organically grow into some of these markets and get around third-party costs. So Gary's secondary costs provide us an opportunity to look at organic projects. And again, we can't talk about those because they're still going through the gating process, but for this year the billion dollars of strategic capital, about 50% of that is for logistics projects to address some of Gary's secondary costs and we expect that that kind of thinking or that kind of strategic capital going forward would continue.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, just more broadly on this. We've talked about the fact that we're interested from a strategic perspective in integrating more assets that go into the refinery and moving product out of the refinery. And that's not a short-term strategy that's a long-term strategy. Along with the other things that we're doing. Safety, reliability and environmental focus and then shareholder returns is the third component. So I think, the strategy that we've got in place today, certainly we have line of sight to the next couple of years, but it's a strategy that I believe works long-term. It allows us to continue to increase the value of the business. So we're very comfortable with it. And again, Rich and Lane are both developing projects, we scrub them hard and then we'll just see which ones we want to proceed with going forward. But the focus is clearly around the core business of refining and marketing and around ethanol.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, guys, good morning. This is (25:45) on for Doug.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Earlier you mentioned – good morning. Earlier you mentioned still strong export into Latin America and I'm guessing that's probably due to still load utilization in the region. I'm just wondering if that's a sustainable trend or if you see that improving at any point this year?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So I think some of it is certainly related to refinery utilization in the region. And as mechanical availability has fallen off, it's opened the door for us to supply the market. But going forward in addition to that, we also see that there's some good demand growth trends that we're starting to see, particularly in Brazil, which had had negative demand growth. It looks like it's turned positive. So I think even as refinery utilization improves, you'll see demand growth in the region, which should allow us to continue to see that as a good export market.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Second question just on the cash returns to shareholders. They came in above guidance in this quarter, when guidance is, obviously, 75% of net income. Just wondering what the fee considerations were in this quarter in regards to the buyback level. Was it cash flow, balance sheet cash, operating outlook? Any color would be appreciated and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, yeah. You're exactly right. When we look at what our payout is going to be for the quarter, we do look at our expected discretionary cash flow that's going to be generated that particular quarter. We also look at our excess cash balance that we may have in determining what we want to pay out for that particular quarter. So for this quarter we paid out a little over 200% of net income, but when you look at our cash flow, excluding the working capital benefit, it's about 75% of our cash flow. And that's how we'll look at it going forward.
Unknown Speaker: Got you. Thanks so much for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yeah, just wanted to return to two conversations. One is the $1.1 billion of growth capital. I appreciate you don't want to talk about specifics, but do you think the top of the funnel of the opportunity set for that $1.1 billion is getting larger as the U.S. producers get back to work? Trying to think about how many years you have of projects identified to drive that self-help component of total shareholder return?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Ed, this is Lane. So, when you think about our capital budget, our talking numbers is we normally spend about $2.5 billion on CapEx a year. $1.5 billion of which is turnarounds and sustaining capital. It's really about $1 billion. So you can think about, I would say, a long-term run rate of $1 billion. And that's kind what we think that we naturally with our assets can manage well. And do sort of with our strategic outlook. We absolutely believe and already – I would say most particularly Rich's stuff is largely in the area of expanding logistics connectivity or refining operation and trying to run the sort of oil shale play. To the extent it would get bigger, we would certainly have a conversation and talk about whether we see a larger opportunity in that. But really our message is about $1 billion a year we're going to try to manage the business around.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I don't want to waste too many on policy, but I guess I should ask if we're going to have corporate tax plan coming out tomorrow. Not so much on corporate taxation, but on BAT, whether you've heard whether the oil industry would be exempt or what the latest is. What you're hearing on the BAT, border adjustment tax.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, hang on a second, Ed.
Jason Fraser - Valero Energy Corp.: Sorry. Ed, this is Jason again. Yeah, we think the likelihood of the BAT being included in tax reforms declined substantially. It's definitely one of the more controversial aspects of tax reform. And with the difficulties the Republicans had with healthcare, we don't see them wanting to take on another fight or create another fight within the party, and the BAT clearly splits the business community. You have people for it and against it. So, for that reason, we think that's probably one of the first things they'll move away from as they try to move forward and get a win on tax reform.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, Joe. Gary, I was wondering if we could follow up a little bit on the earlier OPEC conversation. I was wondering specifically about some of the Latin American heavy grades, if you've seen any sort of decline in availability? I know in the first quarter there were concerns about Maya availability. Has that continued, and maybe have you seen Venezuela volumes declining?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so what we've seen, I guess, overall is, it does look like Venezuela's production has fallen off some. But their internal consumption for their refineries has kind of fallen off almost at a commensurate amount, so exports from Venezuela have been fairly constant actually. And then, we're seeing actually a growth in Brazilian production. So we're seeing more Brazilian barrels on the market. And then on the Maya question, we've continued to receive our contract volumes from Mexico fairly consistently.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Got it. And then maybe sticking with you, Gary, or maybe Lashway, on the Diamond Pipeline, obviously, we know the cost of the project. But I was wondering if you could give any color as to how it's expected to affect the laid-in crude cost at Memphis or any sort of EBITDA contribution for VLO that you can provide?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so the way we view it, I mean, without giving too much specifics, today we're at a U.S. Gulf Coast plus Capline tariff to get a laid-in cost for Memphis' crude. And we believe that, with the Diamond Pipeline, we'll be at a U.S. Gulf Coast minus. And so it will be a significant change for the Memphis refinery. It's kind of hard to give EBITDA estimates, because you're kind of doing a market read in order to be able get that. But we believe it will have a significant impact on Memphis.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, understood. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Sorry, good morning. Had the mute on there.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I guess, maybe going back to some of the questions earlier on the light heavy diff and where the narrowness of the differential incentivized going back to a light barrel. Thinking a little more forward, and using maybe a consensus expectation for light production in the U.S., Gary, where do you see your ability to run light barrels, if the differentials are favorable? Is that a 100,000, a 300,000, or potentially much higher than that, if the differentials are favorable kind of number?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so we believe our capacity to process the light sweet crude is about 1.4 million barrels a day. So, if you look at our Investor Relations presentation, there's a pretty good slide there showing our ability to swing between grades. But overall, our total processing capacity is about 1.4 million barrels a day of light sweet capacity in the system.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And over the past year, you've run closer to which level?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I'm not sure on the volume. Do you know, Lane?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think we've been more like 1.1 million or 1 million barrels per day. If you look at our history – historically, where we were, that was probably about the case. Since the last time we had really compelling economics to run light crude, we finished both of these topper projects at Houston and Corpus. So we are in a position to run more even than we did last time, so.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And would we need to see substantially wider light differentials? And I'm kind of thinking LLS against Brent right now. Is that the right marker, or should we think more of a – it's an Eagle Ford or a Midland barrel at the Gulf Coast?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so, you know the rule of thumb we always use is that the medium sours need to be discounted by 5% to your light sweet alternative. So, that's not 5% discounted to Brent. That would be a 5% discounted to whatever you're paying for Eagle Ford, and that's why last week, with where the medium sours were priced in the Gulf, our light sweet alternative favored going ahead and running light sweet.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great, thanks. And then my last question, just an accounting question. With the breakout of VLP, we saw a change in year-over-year refining margins. I think it's fairly straightforward, but we also saw a decline in reported OpEx of about $0.10. And I was wondering, is that tied to VLP, or is that something else that's going on?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: No, that is tied to VLP.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, great. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Roger.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, all.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Can I first ask just a relatively short-term question, which is just about your crude imports and how those are shifting, with seemingly not much impact from OPEC cuts. I just wondered if you could confirm that. Anything that you could add on Venezuela and Mexico would be interesting, would be part one. And then, to help you – give you some time to think, Joe, there was a mention there of a long-term bullish view on octane. I was just wondering how else you're thinking long-term about strategy? There's kind of a peak oil demand argument that's very widespread right now. Could you address really what you think the long-term challenges and opportunities are for Valero, in terms of how the market's shifting? Thanks.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I guess I'll start with the crude question. Really, the imports we're getting from Venezuela and from Mexico have been fairly flat. We're not seeing much of a change there. The big change really, on the medium sours we've shifted a little bit. We've seen more of an impact from both Saudi Arabia and Kuwait on the medium sour barrels we import from there, and we backfill those with some additional South American grades and Canadian grades. And then recently, over the last few weeks, we have actually started at one of our refineries to maximize some light sweet and replace some of the medium sour we're importing there.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Paul, on the strategy and I mentioned it earlier. I think the things that we're doing today and they're very much focused on making us the best refining and marketing operation out there, and I believe that, based on the independent surveys that we really are the best, but we continue to raise the bar for ourselves and try to drive it forward. Again, that's not a short-term activity. That is a long-term activity that we'll continue to do going forward. Now, if you think long-term about the markets, okay, and the demand for our products more specifically, you say, well is U.S. demand going to continue to grow going forward? I think our forecast would be that in the next five to ten years you might see a slight decline in gasoline demand in the U.S. Diesel will be determined by economic activity, and so we'll just see how that goes. But as Gary mentioned earlier, we are seeing decent diesel demand, and a lot of that is being driven by the increase in activity that we've got in the E&P side of the business. If you think longer term and you think about where demand is going to grow, everything we read is that, globally, you're going to have increased demand for all of our products. And so our focus will go beyond the U.S. borders and we'll take a look at opportunities to increase our market presence in different international markets, and one of the things that Rich and his team are focused on are establishing a footprint in some of those markets so that we have better access to them on a rateable basis. So, I don't think you should expect us to shift the strategy materially going forward. Clearly, midstream growth is something we're focused on. Continuing to improve our refining and our renewables operation is something we're focused on. And then we've talked in the past about the possibility to take some of the streams that we're producing today and high grade them by legging into the petrochemical business. That's something that's probably a little bit longer term, but it is something that we're actively looking at these days and trying to figure out what is a way for us to enter that type of business, boiling the frog rather than diving in head first and see if we can create another earnings stream for the company.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood, Joe. I mean, one of the obvious responses to potential threats is ongoing operational improvements that you've talked about. How much more do you think you can do in terms of the utilization which we've seen steadily rising for you guys? And the operational costs, how much further do you think you can drive those down? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Paul, I'll let Lane talk about that a little bit.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: As Joe alluded to, I mean, using common metrics, we're sort of in our own space with respect to availability, but we continue to try to get better because when we look at our entire portfolio, not all of our assets are first quartile mechanical availability, whereas many of them are. So we can always work on the ones that aren't. And we have great programs to get us in that area. In terms of costs, the real cost focus is what was talked about earlier, that's in our effort to reduce secondary costs. And Gary talked about it. It's through commercial efforts to negotiate and use our size to negotiate better and then let Rich figure out places where we can build assets that will directly allow us to essentially charge ourselves the cost of that and ultimately move those into droppable assets into the MLP.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you very much, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Guys, good morning. Long time no see.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: How are you doing, Blake?
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Good. Question for you, I think probably for Mike on the tax rate. It just seems like the past few quarters have continuously come in below expectations. I know you gave a guidance for 1Q, but I'm just trying to get a sense of maybe, I guess, the Quebec piece of it probably feels more sustainable. So any thoughts around that continuing to trend lower than what we've seen historically?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I guess I would – how I would characterize that is we do have a few audits that are underway and that we don't know the exact timing on when those will be settled. So, here, this past quarter we did settle a couple of our state audits favorably which resulted in a reversal of some reserves, which then lowered the tax rate. So I think our 30% number is a good number. Unless we have some of these other events occur that allows us to lower the rate.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Fair enough. The second question is on the CapEx budget. I know you kind of tackled the growth piece of it, but mine is on the sustaining capital part. $1.6 billion. I know that includes some tier compliance and I guess I'm just wondering, as you kind of get through that this year, is there an opportunity for that to move lower into the future? Or should we just be thinking of always kind of some type of compliance that's going to land in there, so it's really the $1.6 billion is probably a good number go-forward?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Blake, this is Lane. I'll answer this in a couple of ways. One is I would say we believe and the guidance we've given is more of about $1.5 billion, of which I would say $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion is like truly sustaining capital. Somewhere around $200 million to $300 million is what we think normally is sort of regulatory spend that is not – we sort of put into the sustaining capital but it's not like we're – we're not rebuilding our assets or maintaining them, it's something that we're having to do due to regulatory things. We're a little bit higher this time due largely to Tier 3. Our Tier 3 spend is about $500 million, of which much of it will – we'll continue to spend up until the time that we have to be in compliance which is January 1st of 2020. And the bulk of it – really the bulk of that spend will be in 20018 and 2019.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe you've touched on this a couple of times, maybe one follow up on midstream growth opportunities. Can you characterize a little bit the environment for, I guess, for growth opportunities and returns that you're seeing on that side of the business? I mean, I think we've seen – we continue to see midstream operators take skinnier economics in order to compete in some regions. And those are certainly in areas that have (43:55) kind of crude transport in some of the more popular growth basins, which I think you guys have generally avoided up to this point. But, as you think about your opportunities to deploy incremental capital, are you seeing downward pressure on returns in those types of businesses? Any thoughts on dynamics in that part of the business would be great.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Ryan, let me just try to be sure we're clear. So, there's two things we're looking at, right? One, are the organic growth projects that we're doing. I would say that we're not reducing our return thresholds on our organic growth projects in the midstream part of the business, and we kind of target, whether it be a drop or whether it be an organic growth project, we want to be like a 12% pre-tax IRR regardless, okay? Now if you're thinking in terms of M&A and the valuations that we're seeing on midstream assets, I'd say that they're pretty doggone aggressive, okay? Rich, you want to -
Richard F. Lashway - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, no, the bid asking is very wide and it depends on how aggressive people want to be on this. I mean, we're always interested in looking at these opportunities, given that they be strategic for Valero. But today we would say, it's like Joe said, it's very aggressive right now out there.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I mean, you saw -- Ryan, you saw the recent deal that was done around Navigator. And I don't know what the rate of return might be on that, but it was a very aggressive bid, it seemed.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I guess we should expect you guys to be more focused on organic opportunities than inorganic, is that safe to say, at least in the near term?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: No, I wouldn't say that. We're going to continue to do what we've done and Mike runs the M&A group here. I mean, we're going to look at everything that's out there and try to make a determination. In a perfect world, we'd find a bunch of assets where we can earn the types of returns who want to do the deal in VLP and it would provide some kind of strategic synergy for Valero Energy also. And we evaluate it looking at it both ways. We have probably liberalized our strategy around VLP a little bit. Historically, I've said that we look at the projects from Valero Energy's perspective first and then decide if we can or can't do it at VLP. And I would tell you that still is the primary motivation, but we are looking at transactions now that would be somewhat more third-party that the user of the asset would be a third-party, but it would bring value to Valero in some way. So, we're adjusting our perspective as we go.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great, thanks. That's very helpful. And then maybe one more on payout, and I realize that you've already touched on this a few times, and it seems to come out every quarter, but how do you think about your willingness to expand the balance sheet to returning cash to shareholders not just on a quarterly basis because I realize there's volatility around that, and fourth and first quarters tend to be particularly weak, but your willingness to expand the balance sheet, outspend cash flow to buy back stock on an annual basis over the course of the year? Is that something you're willing to do on a more sustainable basis and at what point is leverage a limiting factor?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I don't think we would be – we wouldn't lever up a material amount to increase our share – or we wouldn't lever up at all to increase our share buybacks. What we do look at, like I said, as we look at our discretionary cash flow that we expect to earn for the next quarter and the next couple of quarters, we balance that with our capital requirements that we have, and the other things that we have in place that we have to cover, debt service, whatever it is. So we are forward looking in that. Our plan is not to hoard cash, however. And our plan is to remain competitive with our peers and payout, but we would not lever up our balance sheet to return cash to shareholders.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Fernando Valle with Citi.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: My question is back on the organic expansion, and if you would consider growing in wholesale in Mexico following the liberalization in the market? And there's been a strong pull of gasoline of late. Is that an area where you'd consider growing the wholesale business?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Is it a place – given the succinct answer, is it a place where you're currently exploring opportunities for growth? Have you made any advancements already, or still very early?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, okay. I told Rich I didn't want him revealing secrets, right? But, no, obviously we're looking at it. I mean, we sell – Gary, you sell a lot of barrels into Mexico today, okay? And I think everybody out there is going to be looking at Mexico as a growth opportunity. And it's certainly one that is very logical for us to pursue. And so, I think you should assume that it's something that we plan to be involved in. And not only Mexico, but other Latin American countries also.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Fair enough. Great, thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Margolin with Cowen and Company.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. How's it's going?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Sam.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, my first question is about crude exports from the U.S. They've been rising really rapidly, and it's a little bit surprising that you would think, as exports grow, the exporter would have to give up price, but you don't really see it reflected in the markers that we have access to, at least, in the Gulf. And so maybe these exporters have other commercial things underneath the marker? But just generally, how do you see this playing out? Most people believe that exports need to keep rising. Is it eventually going to be reflected in the prices that are offered broadly to domestic refiners, or is it going to be something where the point of these exports is to keep those markers stable, and basically domestic refiners wouldn't get the same advantage?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Sam, this is Gary. I think you're going to continue to see volatility in the markets. And so we see that the domestic markers get a little strong and then weaken again, and you see imports come and then you see exports rise again. We've been very active exporting to our refiners in our system. We've been exporting to Quebec for quite a while now, and in the first quarter, we exported volume to Pembroke, and ran our first Permian Basin barrels in the Pembroke refinery, and saw good economic advantage to do that.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess, this is sort of a follow up on Ryan's question about the capital structure. Valero is making a lot of investments to address third party costs and increase reliability and flexibility. The effect is kind of to bring the range of earnings through the cycle higher, on sort of a continuous basis. So, just to piggyback on kind of what Ryan was asking in a different way, does that allow the company to sort of support a little bit higher leverage? The industry exited a period of deleveraging recently, and I wonder if some of these investments that bring long-term advantages could lead to debt maturing, or reversing even?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Sam, I'll let Mike speak to the levels of leverage, okay? But I mean very clearly what we're trying to do is create higher lows and higher highs in our EPS. And we really like to distinguish ourselves as a company that is able to produce earnings in challenging margin environments. And I think we've demonstrated that over the last several quarters. So, the kind of the self-help focus is something that we're just going to maintain as part of what we do going forward. Whether it allows us to achieve higher levels of leverage. I mean, Mike?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, I guess theoretically, you could say that would be the case. However, we have provided a debt to cap range of 20% to 30% that we're comfortable with. Maintaining our investment grade credit rating is very important to the company, and a debt level within that range, we think, we do that.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You bet.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Back on your feedstocks. Can you talk about, how does running more light crude in your system impact yields, capture rates, or anything else from a process standpoint? And specifically, are you seeing any issues with the reported high API gravities of the incremental barrels coming out of the Delaware Basin?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Chi, it's Lane. So it just really depends...
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi Lane.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: ...certainly, in our Mid-Continent refineries, there's times that we can be – the lighter part of our refineries get constrained by these higher APIs. And then there's times where the gravity comes back in line, and we're off (53:37). And we have a longer term view that these crudes are getting lighter. We look at the same data, I'm sure, that you are, so we hit those constraints. (53:46) Now, with that said, we don't hit those constraints quite as much in our Gulf Coast refineries, because we have a little more flexibility in finding other feedstocks and crudes to blend with these things to make sure that we're always up against that constraint. So it's a little easier to optimize around these lighter crudes than it is in the Mid-Continent.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I guess, in looking at the Gulf Coast results, your index, the Valero index for the region was up, I think, $2.35 a barrel year-over-year versus 1Q last year. But the realized margin in the quarter was up only $0.35. Was that short fall in capture mainly due to the planned maintenance, or is there something else going on there?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Chi, this is Gary. I would tell you the biggest impact we had was really on the heavy feedstocks we bring into the system compared to the Maya marker that moved quite a bit, so our heavy feedstocks were more expensive relative to Maya marker. And some of that was just Maya was much more competitive in the first quarter than what we either saw in the first quarter, what we had year-over-year.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Gary, but I think you said that you're not having problems on Maya delivery, but that the pricing has tightened up. Is that fair...
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well – yeah, the Maya pricing and deliveries were fine, but the other heavy sours that we're buying versus the Maya pricing was not as competitive in the first quarter as what we've seen previously.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Is that trend – do you think that will continue? We saw that Pemex has tighten up the K factor on Maya for May, so...?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, we see that come and go. There's times where Mexican crude is very competitive and times where they kind of fall where they're not. So, that's why we kind of have a diversified strategy on pulling the South American grades and Canadian grades. And it looks like it has come in some already. And I would expect that to come in and continue to come in.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great, thanks for your comments.
Operator: And thank you. We now have a follow up question from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys. Any kind of a rough estimate in terms of the opportunity cost loss in the first quarter due to the planned and unplanned outages?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Paul, this is Lane. So, our planned outages in the first quarter was – the opportunity cost was $231 million. So as you've heard us talk, we've had – it was a fairly heavy turnaround quarter. In terms, of unplanned outages it was about $40 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And this is not just an expense, but also you're including the loss profit that the way how you guys calculate, right?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Loss profit and expense?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, it includes expense.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to John Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Thanks everybody for joining the call today. Please contact me or the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Vice President, Investor Relations Joe Gorder - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations and Engineering Jay Browning - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Gary Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization Jason Fraser - Vice President, Public Policy & Strategic Planning Rich Lashway - Vice President, Logistics Operations
Analysts: Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Johannes Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Barclays Roger Read - Wells Fargo Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Spiro Dounis - UBS Securities Jeff Dietert - Simmons Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Faisel Khan - Citigroup Craig Shere - Tuohy Brothers Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke: Well, good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. The fourth quarter and the full year 2016 were good for Valero as we achieved our best performance ever in the areas of personnel and process safety, plant reliability, and environmental stewardship. We are very proud of our team’s exceptional execution, which we believe is imperative in our business and critical during the low margin environment like we saw for most of the year. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see good domestic demand supported by low prices and solid export volumes due primarily to demand strength in Latin America. While we saw seasonal declines in available margin in some regions, margins in the Gulf Coast region remained healthy and distillate margins in all regions were bolstered by a return to more normal weather patterns in North America and Europe. We also saw attractive heavy sour discounts relative to Brent. A persistent headwind again this quarter was the exorbitant price of RINs. We spent $217 million in the fourth quarter to meet our biofuel blending obligations. At this level, this is a significant issue for us so we continue to work it aggressively with regulators. Our efforts are focused on moving the point of obligation because we believe this will level the playing field among refiners and retailers, but more importantly, it will improve the penetration of renewable fuels, lower RIN speculation, and reduce RIN fraud. However, based on current rules, we expect costs in 2017 to be similar to the $750 million amount we incurred last year. Given significance of this cost to our company, this issue continues to have our full attention. Turning to our refining segment, we initiated turnarounds at our Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries in the third quarter. Both events carried over into and were completed in the fourth quarter. Our employees and contractors worked hard to safely complete these events. We believe distinctive operating performance is highly correlated to capturing more of the margin available in the market. In our ethanol business, we also ran very well and saw strong margins in the fourth quarter due to high gasoline demand in the U.S., strong pull from export markets, and low corn prices. Also in the fourth quarter, we invested over $600 million to sustain and grow our business. Construction continued on our $450 million Diamond Pipeline project, which we believe is on track for completion at the end of this year, and we continue to work on our $300 million Houston alkylation unit, which we expect to be mechanically complete in the first half of 2019. We also have additional growth investment opportunities under development around octane enhancement, cogeneration, and feedstock flexibility. And finally, regarding cash return to stockholders, we delivered a payout ratio of 142% of our 2016 adjusted net income, which was 78% higher than our payout ratio for 2015 and well above our target for 2016. Further demonstrating our belief in Valero’s earnings power, last week our Board of Directors approved a 17% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.70 per share or $2.80 annually. So John, with that, I will hand the call back over to you.
John Locke: Thank you, Joe. For the fourth quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $367 million or $0.81 per share compared to $298 million or $0.62 per share in the fourth quarter of 2015. Fourth quarter 2015 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $862 million or $1.79 per share. For 2016, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.3 billion or $4.94 per share compared to $4 billion or $7.99 per share in 2015. 2016 adjusted net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $1.7 billion or $3.72 per share compared to $4.6 billion or $9.24 per share for 2015. Please refer to the reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts as shown on Page 3 of the financial tables that our company released. Operating income for the refining segment in the fourth quarter of 2016 was $715 million compared to $876 million for the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of 2015 was $1.5 billion. The decline from the 2015 adjusted amount was primarily due to narrower discounts for most sweet and sour crude oils relative to Brent, weaker gasoline margins in some regions, and higher RINs prices. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was in line with the fourth quarter of 2015. Our refineries operated at 95% throughput capacity utilization in the fourth quarter of 2016 with major turnarounds at the Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries completed early in the quarter. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.83 per barrel were $0.36 per barrel higher than the fourth quarter of 2015 primarily due to favorable property tax settlements and adjustments in 2015 and higher energy cost in 2016. The ethanol segment generated $126 million of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to a loss of $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter of 2015 was $37 million. The increase from the 2015 adjusted amount was due primarily to lower corn prices and higher ethanol prices. For the fourth quarter of 2016, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $208 million and net interest expense was $112 million. Net interest expense was lower than guidance due to prepayment penalties associated with the early redemption of the 2017 notes being reflected in other income. Depreciation and amortization expense was $468 million and the effective tax rate was 21% in the fourth quarter of 2016. The effective tax rate was lower than expected due primarily to stronger than projected relative earnings contribution from our international operations that have lower statutory rates and other items as referenced in the release. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $8 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.8 billion, of which $71 million was held by VLP. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 23%. We have $5.6 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $720 million was available for only VLP. We generated $998 million of cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter. With regard to investing activities, we made $628 million of capital investments, of which $244 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. For 2016, we invested $2 billion, which was slightly lower than guidance due to lower turnaround costs and the timing of some growth spending. And of this total, $1.4 billion was for sustaining and $600 million was for growth. Moving to financing activities, we returned $440 million in cash to our stockholders in the fourth quarter, which included $271 million in dividend payments and $169 million for the purchase of 2.7 million shares of Valero common stock. For 2016, we purchased 23.3 million shares for $1.3 billion and had approximately $2.5 billion of authorization remaining. For 2017, we maintain our guidance of $2.7 billion for capital investments, including turnarounds, catalysts, and joint venture investments. This consists of approximately $1.6 billion for sustaining and $1.1 billion for growth. For modeling our first quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges; U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.63 million to 1.68 million barrels per day, U.S. Mid-Continent at 415,000 to 435,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 195,000 to 215,000 barrels per day, which reflects a major turnaround at the Venetia refinery and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $4.15 per barrel, which reflects projected increased natural gas prices. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.39 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation for the first quarter to be around $175 million and net interest expense should be about $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $485 million and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 30%. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions each. This will help us ensure other callers have time to ask their questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern: Good morning everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning Brad.
Brad Heffern: Hey Joe. So I was wondering, obviously a big topic of conversation has been the border adjustment tax in the space, so can you go through your thoughts on how that’s going to affect feedstock costs, your ability to pass it on and maybe the likelihood that you see if that’s actually making it through?
Joe Gorder: Yes, you bet. We will give you a point of view. What I would like to do is let Jason Fraser answer that question. Jason has recently taken the position as the individual responsible for our public policy and strategic planning group, so we brought him back from London to take on this job. And it’s interesting we put the two functions together, strategic planning and public policy, because in our view you really can’t bifurcate the two anymore. They are going to be very intertwined. So Jason, you want to go ahead and share your point of view?
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. I will give you a heads-up on where we are with the house tax blueprint. And we have read all of your reports. As you know, there are greatly differing opinions on the blueprints, including the border tax, border adjustment tax aspect, how it affects our industry, and Valero. We are performing our own analysis as well as working through scenarios with AFPM, our trade association. We are also engaged with the legislative process. We are at the very early stages. No legislative tax has been released by the ways and means committee yet, so we are not sure exactly what’s going to be in it. But we are going to continue to work this issue. Regarding the likelihood of passage, you guys know that any kind of major legislative change like this is difficult to pass. If there isn’t bipartisan support, the Republicans may have to use the budget reconciliation process. We also have a new administration which adds another variable. So it’s really hard to handicap at this stage how it’s likely to turn out.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thanks for that. And then Joe or maybe Gary or Lane, the South Coast AQMD in California has talked about potentially banning the use of hydrofluoric acid, I was curious if you know what the impact will potentially be on Wilmington and maybe the chance of that going through as well?
Lane Riggs: So Brad, this is Lane. So yes, we are engaged in the process and there is obviously a conversation around it. And I can’t really share much more than that than it does impact our operations, so we did have an HF unit [ph] there as long as the operator there in Torrance, and there are technologies out there. Obviously, the most straightforward one is the sulfuric acid, but there is also one of the other technology providers in the space has another solution and – but we are certainly working with them in terms of how long it might take to – if they choose to go down that path and how long that –what the phase-in or at least the requirement would be, but we are very involved.
Brad Heffern: Okay. I will leave it there. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi Phil.
Phil Gresh: I just wanted to start with the return of capital, obviously the year ended up north of 140%, you are guiding to 75%, which is consistent with the guidance you have always said, but there is obviously a big delta between those two numbers, so I guess, I am wondering how you are thinking about that target relative to what you accomplished in 2016 and just taking note of the fact that 4Q did step down a bit from the rest of the year on the buybacks?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Phil, this is Mike. We continue to spend our discretionary cash according to our capital allocation framework. When we look at how much we are going to buyback in a particular quarter, we do look at the net income, but we also consider cash flow, and so for the quarter or for 2016, we did have 142% of net income and that equated to 51% of cash flow.
Phil Gresh: It’s okay. So you are suggesting we should consider cash flow as a metric as well?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, not suggesting that as our overall guidance, but in a lower margin environment where net income is hit with our depreciation, we do take that into consideration when we are returning to our shareholders.
Joe Gorder: Phil and we have talked about this before, we set the 75% target because it’s easy to see and cash flow can move around, obviously. And Mike is right, looking at net income in a low-margin environment, we set an expectation and we consider it to be kind of the floor. It’s our commitment to our shareholders to the extent we can do more and it’s the best use for the cash, we will go ahead and continue to buyback shares. I think the move we made with the dividend this quarter clearly reflects our comfort level and our Board’s comfort level with the earnings capability of the company in a down market. And so obviously, if you look at a $2.80 dividend, it’s going to continue to be a more significant component of the 75% payout ratio. We are very comfortable with that. But we will continue to buyback shares and the guys will do it in the way they have done it in the past, to some extent ratably and to some extent opportunistically.
Phil Gresh: Sure. Okay, that makes sense. And if I could maybe push a little bit more on Brad’s question, more from the angle of if something were to happen, maybe just talk through your system, the amount of crude you import, the amount of product you export, you gave some numbers on product exports, but maybe just what changes you think you would potentially make if this were indeed implemented?
Joe Gorder: Yes. I mean it’s – and I will let Gary and Jason and Lane can – we can all speak to this. But obviously, you are going to optimize your crude slate. The big question around this whole border adjustment is how are the markets going to react to it and frankly, we have read everyone of the sell side reports on this and then consulting reports, as Jason mentioned and it’s got a lot of moving parts. Some people look at it on a static basis. Some have looked at it when you take into consideration the markets adjusting and some have taken into consideration the currency adjustment also. So right now, there is a skeleton out there that they are trying to put flesh on and we don’t know exactly what it’s going to look like. But I think it’s fair to say that we are going to continue to optimize our operation. And if you recall, Gary, I don’t remember how long ago, but we are running over 1 million barrels a day of light sweet crude and there has been times when we have run 600,000 or 700,000 barrels a day of light sweet crude. So, Phil, we have got the flexibility in the system. Gary, you want to talk at all about the markets and...
Gary Simmons: Yes. So if you just look really over the last several years, our strategic objectives have been around developing feedstock flexibility and developing export markets. And so we believe that puts us in a really good position to be able to handle whatever the border tax may throw our way.
Phil Gresh: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning, guys.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta: Joe, I want to start off on the product markets here. We have seen couple of weeks of gasoline inventory builds. I want to just get your sense of what you think is going on there? Is there an issue with underlying gasoline demand? And how do you see it playing out from here?
Joe Gorder: Yes, it’s a great question, Neil. Gary, you want to share your thoughts? 
Gary Simmons: Yes. Neil, I guess to me when you look at the DOE numbers, it’s always difficult this early in the year to tell a lot from the numbers. But certainly, when you look at gasoline demand, we were trending below last year’s level. Last week stat showed gasoline demand really at the lower end of the 5-year range. The part to me, though, when you look at implied demand, which includes the exports, implied demand is actually tracking above last year’s level, which is a little confusing. It’s certainly confusing to us when we look at our operations, because what we have seen in our operations in the Gulf is we have had a number of weather impacts in the Gulf, primarily fog, which has hindered our visibility to really load ships, which hinders our ability to do the exports. So at least, in our minds, the exports in the DOEs are probably overstated, which would in turn tell you that domestic demand is understated. And so I think you will see a revision in the stats to where exports will be lowered and the domestic demand raise, but we will have to see how that plays out. Really, when you look regionally, we don’t see any indication to believe that domestic demand is down. You have a few locations. We had high levels of rain on the West Coast, which hindered our demand there. You had some instances in the Upper Midwest with some ice storms, but none of that is abnormal. So I don’t think we see anything that tells us demand this year is going to be dramatically different than what we saw last year.
Neil Mehta: And then so Gary, what do you make of the inventory builds, is that just a function of fog and having some issues getting the product out or the refining industry running too hard in response to the strong crack to end the year last year?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I would say PADD III is definitely is a result of fog. And weather clears and you will start to see the PADD III market clear. Obviously, the concern is the PADD I market. And our hope certainly was, with less carry in the market, you would see less of an incentive to put barrels into New York harbor and store them for summer. And really, we have been on a similar trajectory is what we were last year. I think the only thing that we see that’s different in the market we don’t have a lot of line of sight to the barrels people are putting into tanks, but it does look to us like a lot more of the inventory this year is a winter grade gasoline which if that’s true you should see play out is before RVP transition, people will have to liquidate those barrels and the market will get a little soft, but then you should see inventory cleanup before you get to gasoline season. To your comment, I do think part of this is obviously the utilization rates are just too high and we are producing more diesel and gasoline than the market can absorb. When you look at the Northwest Europe crack, it looks like this week we have gone below a level where we generally start to see some run cuts in Northwest Europe. I also believe regionally, the Rocky Mountain region, the Upper Midwest Chicago market, those markets are long and you will see some run cuts there. So, you combine that with turnaround activity and I think you will start to see inventories come back in line.
Neil Mehta: That’s great. And my follow-up here is for Cisco, there are lot of puts and takes in the quarter. Do you mind walking through the tax rate, which was a little bit lower, the interest expense guidance, which was a little bit different and some funkiness in other income?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yes, Neil, I can do that. Okay. First, on our tax rate for the quarter, we were 21% versus our guidance of 31%. We had a couple of things going on there. First, we had higher income than previously projected with most of this being in Canada and the UK, which has the lower statutory tax rate. So that was worth about 3% on the tax rate. Next on a few of our tax audits, the statute of limitations expired, therefore, we reversed reserves associated with these audits and those reversals, along with a few other small adjustments was about 7% on our tax rate. Okay. We had a few items that we did -- we chose not to identify them as special items for this earnings call, but I will walk through those. First and you talked about one already, the debt prepayment penalty. We inadvertently on our last call included that penalty in interest expense. It actually flowed through other income. That was a charge of about $42 million. Offsetting that, however, was kind of a unique item. It’s the Canadian commercial paper recovery. Back in 2009, we wrote off that investment. Part of the deal, we exchanged our commercial paper for some notes. And in the fourth quarter, we received payment on those notes and that was about $50 million. So, those two kind of offset each other in other income. And then lastly, we had in the fourth quarter a LIFO charge. We had a decrement and we had a LIFO charge of about $55 million. So we chose not to identify any of these four items as a special, but I did want to go over that. So in summary, we had two expense items, the debt prepayment and the LIFO charge. We had one income item, commercial paper recovery and then we had the lower tax rates. So when you net those four items together, that was $0.02 per share on our earnings.
Neil Mehta: That’s great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Ciskowski: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Joe, one of the other, I guess, policy moving parts that has emerged in the last week or so is Keystone. Of course, OPEC, the newswires should suggest it’s heavy barrels that are getting cut. So, I am just wondering what can you share with us about the dynamics of what you are seeing on the Gulf Coast specifically as it relates to how you expect the heavy differential at this kind to evolve over the next uncertain periods, I guess, that we have?
Gary Simmons: You bet. Hey, Doug, this is Gary. What we have seen is we have certainly seen some impact to the OPEC cuts. Our crude allocations have been cut a little bit primarily from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. But we have seen minimal impact to our system from the cuts. We continue to see good availability of grades from Latin America, Canada and U.S. sources to replace the volumes that have been lost from OPEC. Thus far, the impact from the cuts has really been offset by lower refinery demand due to refinery turnarounds. So it will probably be April, May before the full impact if any cuts are seen. Directionally, we really didn’t see the meetings to how our discounts react at all to the OPEC cuts. When the cuts were announced, you saw an increase in flat price but the discounts really didn’t change. Here over the last week, the medium sour discounts have come in a little bit, but we have actually seen heavy sour discounts move wider. PMI adjusted their K factor to make [indiscernible] a little more – the discount a little wider, and I think they had to do that to compete with the Canadians. So we have seen heavy discounts actually move wider. We always look at 3% fuel oil as kind of a leading indicator of where the discounts are going. And 3% fuel oil has actually moved from 85% of Brent last week to 82% of Brent. You see fuel inventories at Singapore that are above the 5-year high. The ARB to ship fuel to Singapore is closed, so that would kind of indicate that the discounts will actually move wider.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Just on the Keystone issue, I guess, I don’t want to push the point too much, because I realized how much uncertainty there is, but I seem to recall in the past that you guys had – maybe I have got this wrong with talking about becoming an anchor shipper with an option to even acquire interest on that. Have I got that wrong or is that back in the table?
Gary Simmons: Well, so we are a shipper. We are still a strong supporter of Keystone. We don’t have the ability to actually be an owner in the line. So, we are working with TransCanada as they try to better understand the executive order and drum up customer support. Our belief is that the direct connection from the Western Canadian production to the U.S. Gulf Coast is a good thing, because we have the most efficient capacity to really process those growing areas of production. Our intent, again, will be to process those barrels in our system, not to export the barrels.
Doug Leggate: Okay, I appreciate that. If I could just squeeze in a last one because that was kind of a follow-up, I guess, but Joe, you have put it down in – but I realized you addressed there earlier, but I just want to ask you a question about that very quickly, it’s become the MO, I guess of your tenure as CEO, the return to shareholders, what are you thinking now in terms of the dividend yield, because you are not sitting, if not the highest, pretty close to the highest yield in the sector, is that kind of – do you have a target in mind, do you have an idea of how that dividend growth can evolve relative to buybacks, just what are you thinking in terms of the overall balance of one versus the other, I leave it there? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Doug. The yield obviously is a function of the stock price. And we can’t control the stock price. What we can control is how we reward the shareholders of the company and how confident we feel about our ability to produce cash flows, free cash flows within the company, that we try to manage, right and we do it through a capital allocation framework that Mike mentioned earlier. The dividend and our maintenance CapEx is non-discretionary in our minds and it will continue to be. So making commitments to our shareholder returns through the dividend is something that we don’t take lightly and we modeled extensively. The buybacks and the growth projects, organic capital projects and acquisitions are areas that we consider to be competing for the use of free cash flow. And we look at the timing on our project development activities. We look at the return on our projects that Lane and his team are developing and that Rich and Martin have and we compared it to the value of buying back shares. And so we make the decisions accordingly to provide the highest returns for the shareholder. I would tell you, I wouldn’t – I would be lying to you if I told you that we look at the absolute yield and say that is what determines our decision around the dividend policy. It’s more how do we feel about the cash flows that we can produce within the system.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the answer Joe. And I guess we will see you in a couple of weeks. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Doug thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: Hi. Thanks for taking the call. It’s Johannes here. I have to pinch hit today unfortunately for you all, but fortunate for me. Thank you for taking the call.
Joe Gorder: Glad to hear.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: The first question, I guess has to do with the other big policy that’s not border adjustment taxes, but it’s being pushed aside for the moment, but still probably later important to you and that’s RINs, you mentioned it earlier up in the call, and what’s your progress are you seeing in terms of trying to move the point of obligation or engaging with the EPA as there has been a transition, I know that Scott Pruitt is not in his seat yet, but nonetheless, if you have got any sort of color on that. And then would you expect the RIN market to move before any sort of policy change once there is some sort of color clarity on which direction it’s going or are you modeling out for 2017 with the higher RIN expense because you don’t think the market is going to move?
Joe Gorder: Okay, fair enough. Jason, you want to take the crack in our RIN?
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. To talk about the point of obligation effort meant maybe somebody else can speak to the RIN price. The comment on our petition to change the point of obligation is February 22, so that period is still open and there is till comments being generated. We firmly believe that once all the evidence is reviewed, the EPA is going to agree to the change the point of obligation. Regarding the introduction of the process, the Attorney General Pruitt as EPA Administrator, which has been there is some discussion about that is whether that will change the dynamic. In his confirmation hearing, he said he would administer the RFS in accordance with Congress’ statutory objectives and he would make a decision based on the evidence and their administrative record. And it all sounds great to us, that’s all we would ever ask for. So we think that after hearing all the arguments and reviewing the facts and what’s in the record and consulting with the staff that they are going to agree that it should be moved. So we don’t really see anything changed due to this changeover of administrators.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: And then on the actual RIN price and the trading price?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So again, our view is certainly you would see a reaction in the market if this gets done. And you would see RINs come off, we have seen some market reaction already. It’s difficult for us to model because of all the uncertainty around it, so.
Joe Gorder: But yes, I guess Gary, we started the year like $0.95 per RIN and now it’s like at $0.50.
Gary Simmons: Right.
Joe Gorder: So we have made the point all along that this is a market that we believe is right for manipulation and the fact that you have had this movement in it, it sure is based on fundamentals.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: It sounds good. So hopefully, there will be some movement. The other question I have I guess just had to do with the California margin weakness, clearly, the margin environment in California has come off quite a bit over the last six months, do you see an underlying reason for that, what the big driver is, is there a difference in the way the market clearing, is it just the Torrance has come back online, is there some sort of dynamic whether it would be weather or something else in terms of EMT that you would like to say, king of just curious as to what’s going on out there for you rise on an operational basis?
Joe Gorder: Well, I certainly think Torrance coming back online has impacted the market here in the prompt market. As I mentioned, we saw some weaker demand with RIN on the West Coast. But overall, LA is moving to summer grade expect today, which you pull butane out of the pool, which directionally tightens it [ph], next month, the bay will go to summer grade gasoline. So all of those things should directionally help demand and bring supply and demand back into balance.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: Okay. So you don’t see any sort of a grinding issue there?
Gary Simmons: No.
Johannes Van Der Tuin: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much for taking the call.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good Paul.
Paul Cheng: I have to apologize first. I joined late, so my question, you already addressed, just let me know, I will take it offline. Two questions, if I may. First, if I am looking at the Contango curve, their current structure seems to suggest that you want to build inventory because that May and June, the margin was very high for gasoline, on the other hand, the stock is high right now, so just curious that internally for Valero, how you guys contemplate on those diverging forces and when you plan one, how you go with the process?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul for us, most of our tankage is more operational in nature, so we don’t do a lot of storage plays to take advantage of the market structure. We do some of it especially on the crude side, but it’s more related to buying opportunistic barrels that we believe have wide discounts and then you can also take advantage of the markets structure. But overall, we don’t do a lot of that.
Paul Cheng: But I mean with inventory, at that high today Gary, is that influencing your decision that you may want to slowdown your run, even if the physical asset availability is there or that you don’t really do that just because you are off the game favorably, that if you slow other people it is going to take up the slack anyway, so you are just going to max out your production even though you may build inventory yourself?
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think to me, the key on the inventory build is that what we are seeing out in the market is a lot of winter grade gasoline. And so our view is that those barrels are going to have to clear before we have our VP transition. And as those barrels clear, it will bring the market down and you will see economic run cuts and lower utilization while those barrels clear before we actually going to summer driving season.
Joe Gorder: Yes. But Gary, you are not suggesting that its Valero, it’s going to make the run cut?
Gary Simmons: No, that’s right.
Joe Gorder: I mean Paul, we are the lowest cash operating cost guys in the business and we don’t have any strong interest in balancing the market ourselves.
Paul Cheng: Very good. If I may the second question is that, maybe this is either for Lane or for Gary also. I am looking at the margin capture RIN, system-wide in the fourth quarter, it’s about 56%, 57%, which is 6% lower than the third quarter and 21% lower from the year ago level and if you are looking at your last 5- year average, it’s about 65%, 66% and this year, it’s about 60%, just curious that is that just a – because of the rising oil price or what – is there anything that you can see structurally, what then you will see in your system or that in the market new condition to make you believe that this year, the 60% margin capture weight is what the future may look like or that this is really more of an one-off certain items impacting that?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul, this is Gary. I will take it. Mike started the call with some comments that we took a LIFO charge in the fourth quarter of ‘16 and really, that LIFO charge explains the third quarter to fourth quarter variants that you talked about. It also explains a portion of the fourth quarter ‘15 versus fourth quarter ‘16 results. In addition to that, we had a couple other items. There is really nothing operational that I see, but the other big things that affect the year-over-year results. In ‘15, the blenders tax credit was enacted in December of ‘15 and so all of the credit was booked in the fourth quarter of ‘15, whereas in ‘16, that blenders tax credit was kind of spread out through the year so that had an impact on the capture rates. And the other big thing that we are looking at in terms of the capture rates is just the cost of the RINs. So in the fourth quarter of ‘15, RINs were around $0.49, whereas the fourth quarter of ‘16, they were $0.96. And so that delta in the cost of RINs also impacts our capture rates and that really is the bulk of it.
Paul Cheng: Gary, I mean, this certainly explains for the quarter. And for the year, RIN probably is part of the explanation. But for the full year of 60% capture rate also seems quite low comparing to the last several years what you have been able to achieve?
Gary Simmons: Yes, we can dive it into it more with John, I would suggest. But those are really the big items that we see. We don’t really see anything operational, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read: I will leave some of the policy to decide for now, but I guess specific question for you. Exports have been a huge part on the product side, 2016 story looks like a good start to ‘17. Pemex is out saying they intend to run a lot better in ‘17 than ‘16. That’s their forecast. I mean, we will see what turns out to be true, but could you characterize maybe the incremental growth in exports for you as to where that’s gone and if Pemex were to run better in ‘17, is that a risk we need be concerned about or are there enough other growth areas internationally?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger. It’s hard to tell. As Lane can tell you, it takes a long time to improve refinery mechanical availability, so we will see what happens there. But I think, one of the things that we are looking at and we export to Mexico and to South America and certainly when you look at a lot of the consultant views where Brazil has had negative demand growth over the last couple of years that are forecasting some decent demand growth in Brazil, so even if we are to lose some volume into Mexico, I think you could be absorbed in other locations in South America.
Roger Read: Okay. And then second question, M&A, I know with some of the policy uncertainty, maybe sellers don’t want to sell and buyers want to be a little questionable. But I was wondering, Joe, as you kind of think about the longer plan here, Lyondell pulled their unit off the market, but maybe some of the other opportunities that exist there right now?
Joe Gorder: Mike, you want to speak to this?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, yes, Lyondell did pull their refinery back for now. Other than a few things on the West Coast, there are no opportunities really for the refining space presently.
Roger Read: Well, that was brief. And I heard that Lane was a miracle worker, so maybe we could get him to work for Pemex that will fix them?
Joe Gorder: No, we don’t want to do that. But Roger, you are right, I mean, what Mike said is exactly right and it was characterized earlier. The Lyondell refinery is a nice opportunity, but they chose not to sell it. And we are just not seeing a lot of refining assets that are for sale that would add any value to Valero’s portfolio. So from an acquisition perspective, what do you focus on? You focus on the opportunities in logistics and other areas where you could improve the earnings capability of the company by improving your logistics, your feeds in, your products out, and then potentially upgrading your stream. So we are not in a position – we don’t believe we are in a position where we have got to go do a deal to balance on our portfolio. We will look at this a little differently and then we continue to seek ways to try to improve the quality of the portfolio we have got in place.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow: Thanks. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow: Hi. Mike, do you have the cash balance held by the company’s international subsidiaries as of year end ‘16? We have noticed that balance has been steadily growing over the last couple of years. I was just wondering if you could also talk about whether, one, that cash is available for use for domestic CapEx and capital returns to shareholders. Two, what are their – are there any repatriation inefficiencies in the current tax structure? And then third, how do some of the tax policy changes proposed under the new administration impact repatriation of that cash going forward?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Roughly at the end of the year, we had about $2 billion of cash that was in the UK and in Canada. So presently – okay, our current structure that we have today would allow us to move most of the cash back to the U.S. without incurring a significant tax penalty. We haven’t needed to do that presently given where our U.S. cash balance is as well.
Joe Gorder: That was an incredibly clever way to ask three questions.
Chi Chow: That’s all related, right.
Joe Gorder: That was good.
Chi Chow: Well, do you feel the need, any urgency to get that cash back given the potential changes in the repatriation policies going forward here?
Joe Gorder: The need to get it back, I don’t think we have a sense of need to get it back. Would it be nice to have access to it? And Jason and the team are looking at the repatriation implications of the border tax adjustment. You always want to have your cash totally accessible to you. So, it will be great to get it back. But I would tell you that this – let’s just assume that we are able to bring it back and bring it back in good shape. The question is that what do you do with it? You reinvest it in the business? I don’t see us changing our approach to capital if we had the cash back, okay. I mean, I don’t think Lane is going to say gee whiz, now I can do a whole bunch more, because we are not holding back on things that we are doing today. So it will be wonderful to have access to it without paying any tax on it. That’s not likely. But I don’t think it changes anything we are doing, Chi.
Chi Chow: Great. I will leave it there. Thanks, Joe. Appreciate it.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with UBS Securities.
Spiro Dounis: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for squeezing us in here. Just wanted to follow up on the RFS. Without getting into what does it look like and then when does it change, just thinking about, I mean, I guess, an environment where the point of obligation has actually moved away from the refiners, just curious in terms of the reaction or just change in behavior on your part, maybe the refining industry in general, what are some of the things you think happens, I guess, on day 1 without the point of obligation? I think one thing we think about maybe is that exports actually go down, because of course, that’s a good way to avoid the RIN. Just curious if you are thinking about anything else in terms of changes in product mix?
Joe Gorder: Gary, you want to?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I don’t know that to some degree, the export market has over time recognized the RIN, so I don’t really know that it really changes the dynamics of the export markets that much if the point of obligation moves.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I mean we have all adjusted to this. Really, the frustrating thing from our perspective is the negative effect it has by shifting the value of doing business from us to the guidance capturing the RIN. And so obviously, it would be beneficial to Valero if the point of obligation moved, which would reduce our burden. And frankly, we believe it would take a lot of the speculation and the manipulation opportunities out of that RIN market and it should lower the price of RINs. Now, the RVOs will have a factor on that and so on. But from a refiner, from an independent refiner’s perspective, it will be positive.
Spiro Dounis: Appreciate the color. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: I am sitting here in Houston looking out my back window and the fog has cleared in the Houston ship channel, so hopefully, that’s good news.
Joe Gorder: It is good news. Yes, do you see our ships loading, Jeff?
Jeff Dietert: They are going out one right after another. I had a question on your pace of the MLP drops and there are a few things going on, one of your peers accelerating, there is also the potential for lower corporate and individual tax rates under the Trump administration, potential for higher interest rates, how do these things impact your thinking on MLP valuations and the attractiveness of dropdowns?
Joe Gorder: Rich, you want to?
Rich Lashway: Yes. I will take a crack at our peers accelerating. So we have been pretty consistent in the execution of our strategy from the IPO that we are going to take a very measured pace. We believe that that’s more of prudent to have a measured pace on our dropdowns. Valero’s exceeded their targeted total payout ratio for the past 2 years. VLP doesn’t really need to do any acquisitions or dropdowns to meet our distribution growth. There is not a need for the cash as we have kind of talked about, the cash balance at Valero. So we are just going to stick to our measured approach of growing, focusing on growing the distributions. We have been clear that we are growing distributions in ‘17 at 25% and at least 20% in ‘18. So it’s really the focus is on the distribution growth at VLP. And we have got the coverage to achieve this and without doing anything drops.
Joe Gorder: And then Jeff, the tail on that was tax rate changes.
Mike Ciskowski: I mean the lower corporate tax rate, if that’s what gets put in place, obviously would make the corporation a little more attractive. However, the MLP will still have the tax advantages structure versus the corporation.
Joe Gorder: In interest rates, I mean it just – it provides an investor different option, right. But you still have the benefits of everything that you have today with an MLP ownership position.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks for taking the questions.
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: Hi. Thank you. You may have touched on parts of this over the course of the call and I apologize if I missed some of that. But can you talk through what you see as some of the similarities and differences as we look at the macro environment versus last year at this time margins are a little bit better, but we have seen some pretty significant inventory builds over the last four weeks again, I mean what are some of the lingering challenges that are maybe similar to last year and what’s different this year that gives you confidence that we won’t just repeat the 2016 environment again?
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary. I think the similarities, we continue to see the industry running at high utilization rates and so the production of gasoline and distillate is exceeding demand in the marketplace, which isn’t good, causing inventories to build. The difference we see is it looks like on the gasoline side a lot of what’s being put into inventory is winter grade. So again, our view is this will have to clear before RVP transitions could bring inventories down before gasoline season starts, which would make this year look different than what we saw last year and should lead to better gasoline cracks. On the distillate side, not too much different I think the things that we are seeing on the distillate side is slightly better demand. So year-over-year, we will have a little colder weather here in the U.S. and also in Northwest Europe, which may distillate demand. And then as we see some resurgence in the upstream, the drilling activity, it also leads to a little better incremental diesel demand. So those are kind of the key factors we are looking at in the market.
Joe Gorder: And you are right, we don’t know enough yet about the infrastructure projects that are being talked about, at the Federal level right now, what the implications of those are. But any time you get projects like this taking place, they tend to drive distillate demand, of course it would drive gasoline demands also. But – then there is the other things, petrochemical feeds, asphalt, things like that. So we are actually encouraged by the outlook and by the focus on the infrastructure within the U.S. So we will just see how it all plays out.
Ryan Todd: So I guess at a high level, it’s safe to say you have just – is your view on ‘17, but it’s still a little bit better that ‘16, but we will wait and see, is that...?
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think definitely, we will see the gasoline market being similar to ‘16, but a slightly better diesel market than ‘16.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez: Gents, good morning. I am not sure I’m as good as, but I am going to do my best at least two in for one here. The question is on pipelines, I know you talked about Keystone, but I am curious for one, do you have a sense of what the current transport cost is in the market and where that might go to once the pipe is in the ground. And then secondly on dapple, can you think of any direct maybe indirect positive impacts that you may have, whether it’s just additional crude, light sweet on the Gulf Coast? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yes, that’s some of the things that we are working with TransCanada on, so we don’t really have guidance on where the Keystone itself tariff is going to be and that’s certainly something that we are working with them on. In terms of dapple, yes I think you kind of hit on it, it’s definitely will be bringing more light sweet to the Gulf Coast, which should be good for us.
Blake Fernandez: Good deal. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan: Hi, good morning. It’s Faisel. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just going back to Excel for a second and back to I think Doug’s question, have you guys talked to them about taking an equity interest in the pipeline, I mean now that you have the sort of the MLP up and running, it might make sense for them to have an equity partner with their anchor shipper?
Joe Gorder: Faisel, you should never ask us that question when you got a guy who is responsible for the MLP in the room. But to answer your question, honestly, no, we haven’t talked about an equity stake in Keystone.
Faisel Khan: Only because it might make sense for them to syndicate out some of that risk, given how large the pipeline is, but I’m not sure if that’s?
Joe Gorder: That maybe true, but that does not mean that we would be the guy.
Faisel Khan: Along with the price.
Joe Gorder: That’s right.
Faisel Khan: Okay. Thanks guys.
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Shere with Tuohy Brothers.
Craig Shere: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Joe Gorder: Sure Craig.
Craig Shere: Quick follow-up on Phil and Doug’s questions about capital deployment and buyback questions, it seems that the buybacks were kind of turbocharged little bit in ‘16 when shares were more in the mid-$50 area versus in the $60-plus area, as you think about flexing buyback metrics from earnings to cash flow in a low margin environment, how does the share price itself factor into your analysis?
Joe Gorder: Mike, you want to?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I mean we don’t have specific seasonal targets for our buybacks. It’s on an annual basis, at least 75% of net income. And our program does consist of both somewhat ratable purchases, but also opportunistic purchases, too. So we just evaluate when we want to accelerate that depending on the stock price.
Craig Shere: Is it fair to say that the mid-$50 area is kind of turbocharged area for you?
Joe Gorder: We couldn’t answer that question. But – and I think Mike answered it properly. It’s – we sure don’t want to signal our timing on our buying, but we look at what we view to be the earnings capability of this company. And if the returns on the buybacks are better than the returns on the growth CapEx project, then we are going to buyback shares. We said for years that we are not going to hoard cash, to the extent that we produce free cash flow. We will continue to look at the buybacks.
Craig Shere: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey: Hi guys. Good morning. Forgive me if this has been asked….
Joe Gorder: Paul, where have you been?
Paul Sankey: On the Exxon – let’s be honest, that it may be way – further to an earlier comment about the Houston ship and all the good news for you from New York is that it’s snowing very heavily here, so there should be a bit more gas flow demand, I guess. Guys, I am sorry if you asked this – answered this already, but what’s the latency on the border adjusted tax and what are you doing, I guess you have to some level plan for the potential for that to happen, what would you do if it did occur, so I guess the question is what’s your understanding of the likelihood of that happens and what would be your response to if it did? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Jason did talk to that earlier. Just want to give him the likelihood and then we can talk, Gary or we can talk about the other components of that question.
Jason Fraser: Yes. We really at this stage, we haven’t put a handicap on the likelihood yet. It’s so early, we don’t even have any draft on legislative tax floating around the committee, so we don’t feel it’s proper for us to try to guesstimate that now.
Joe Gorder: And then Gary as far as well – Paul, it comes down to how are the markets going to react to this, right. And we have read all of the reports and we have read the consultants reports. Something is going to be good for refining, something that may not be as good for refining. And we talked earlier about the fact that we can adjust for the crude slate. But Gary, the markets are going to react.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So everything we have been doing is to increase de-stock flexibility and also be able to grow these export markets and both those things aligned well with this and we can optimize the system around border tax.
Paul Sankey: I guess the punch line kind of goes back to 2010 to ‘14 when we were trying to maximize usage of U.S. light sweets, where did you end up on all that, how much more could you use at the end of the process and do you have any numbers to illustrate the flexibility?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So if you look in our IR presentation, I think its Slide 9, it does a pretty good job of going through how we can swing our system between individual grades. We got to where we were processing over 1 million barrels a day of domestic light sweet crude, I guess that was pretty tougher, so we have added some additional capacity since that time as well so.
Joe Gorder: The interesting thing was, I guess at Port Arthur, you were able to increase overall run rates, throughput rates, because we were running the lighter slate. So Paul, we will be able to flex the system to deal with it. I guess the question is how to – how do the global crude markets respond to the duty, do they price to continue to push their barrels into the market or do they find a different home. And I think Gary has made the comment in several of the meetings that we have had that the natural home for a lot of the heavy sour crudes tends to be in the U.S. Gulf Coast refining system. So I don’t know if that changes in any material way.
Paul Sankey: Absolutely and I guess, the other question is we would assume the gasoline prices at the pump would go up pretty much by the amount of the tax in the short-term?
Joe Gorder: Look that is certainly what we have read also, okay. And I think your friends at Goldman did a report here recently that I have gotten to study, but I thought okay, maybe they moved up and then they move back down, something rise, the market suggest to it. So Paul, the interesting thing is because this is kind of a topic du jour, right. But none of us – they got the skeleton out there and the House seems very committed to this today. But they don’t have the flesh on the bones. There is lots of conversations that are taking place around do you have carve-outs, don’t you have carve-outs and so on. I think what I have encouraged our investor base to do is just let’s be patient, not over-reactive and let’s just see how it shakes out. We will adjust to maximize the value to the company, but I don’t think anybody knows enough yet to really understand what the full implications are. And then when we have seen changes like this, the markets tend to respond. So here again, we don’t have a great deal of concern and consternation around us right now. We are just trying to understand it better.
Paul Sankey: Yes. I totally understand. Thank you very much.
Joe Gorder: You bet.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. John Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke: Okay. Well, thanks everybody. And we appreciate you joining us today. Please contact me after the call if you have any additional questions. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. We thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Valero Energy Corp. Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp. Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp. Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp. Jay D. Browning - Valero Energy Corp. R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.
Analysts: Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time participants are in a listen-only mode. And later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke, Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Vanessa. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations & Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal securities laws. These are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, our team again operated safely and reliably, and did a good job of capturing margin in a low, but improving margin environment. We also executed our projects well, completing major turnarounds and progressing on growth investments, while optimizing our portfolio. These actions enabled us to produce positive cash flow and to return a healthy amount of cash to stockholders. In the market, we continue to see solid product demand domestically and internationally. The sustained low price of crude oil and petroleum products, along with strong export demand, helped create a pull on domestic product inventories. We're also encouraged by the modest return of domestic shale crude production, which is good for diesel demand and crude differentials. On the downside, we continue to see negative impacts on Valero's earnings from exorbitant RINs prices. For the year, we expect to incur costs in the range of $750 million to $850 million to purchase RINs. At these levels, the expense is significant to our company and has our full attention. You've likely seen that we filed a petition with the EPA to address this issue. Our efforts are focused on moving the point of obligation, which we believe will not only level the playing field among refiners and retailers, but it'll also improve the penetration of renewable fuels, reduce RIN fraud, lower RIN speculation, and reduce costs for the consumer. We have had many constructive conversations with regulators and these conversations continue today. As you'd expect, we continue to work this issue aggressively. As I mentioned a moment ago, our refining operations were very good. We ran reliably during the quarter and experienced very little unplanned downtime. We completed major turnarounds at our Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries, which our teams planned very well and executed safely and successfully, and we will be wrapping up the restart process over the next few days. Our ethanol business performed very well, recording its highest operating income contribution since the fourth quarter of 2014. Our plants are the most competitive in the industry and are run by dedicated people. So it's great to see them again contributing to Valero's earnings in a meaningful way. Regarding strategic investments, we're pleased to have both our new crude units up and running. The Corpus Christi crude unit, which was completed late last year, and the Houston crude unit, which was completed in June, both ran well during the quarter. Turning to the development of our Houston alkylation unit, the project is in the engineering and procurement phase and on track for completion in the first half of 2019. The economics of this project look good, given the tight outlook for octane and it also positions us well for Tier 3 gasoline compliance. Looking ahead to 2017, we expect spending on capital investments to be similar to the budget for 2016, which was $2.6 billion. I also want to share an update on our portfolio. Effective October 1, we disposed of our Aruba business. We've been on the island and in the community for a long time and worked hard to produce a win-win for Valero and the Government of Aruba. In addition, the Government of Aruba secured a new operator who plans to invest capital in the site and operate it as a bitumen upgrader, which should have a positive economic impact on the community. We're happy for the people of Aruba and for the assets to have a renewed purpose on the island. With respect to Valero Energy Partners, the dropdown of the Meraux and Three Rivers Terminal in September helped us achieve our dropdown target for the year. Yesterday, we announced the distribution increase of 5.5% for the third quarter, which puts us on track to deliver 25% distribution growth through 2017. Although we don't plan to provide dropdown guidance for 2017 at this time, we are comfortable setting the target for annual distribution growth for 2018 of at least 20%. You'll hear more from VLP on their call later this week, but VLP has excellent operations, is in great shape. And finally, despite significant turnarounds during the quarter and the low-margin environment, we generated solid cash flow from operations. So far this year, we returned 148% of net income to stockholders and we're well ahead of our 75% payout ratio target for the year. We're also extending our payout ratio target of at least 75% of net income to 2017. So with that, John, I'll hand the call back over to you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thank you, Joe. For the quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $613 million or $1.33 per share, which compares to $1.4 billion or $2.79 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Excluding an income tax benefit of $42 million, or $0.09 per share related to the Aruba disposition, third quarter 2016 adjusted net income was $571 million, or $1.24 per share. Please refer to the reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts that begin on page three of the earnings release tables. Operating income for the refining segment in the third quarter of 2016 was $990 million, which was $1.3 billion lower than the third quarter of 2015. Primary drivers of the decline were weaker gasoline and distillate margins due to elevated product inventories, lower discounts for most sweet and sour crude oils relative to Brent crude oil, and higher RIN prices. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day in the third quarter of 2016, which was in line with the third quarter of 2015. Our refineries operated at 95% throughput capacity utilization, with major turnarounds that occurred at the Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries. Both refineries are currently in the process of restarting operations. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.63 per barrel in the third quarter of 2016 were $0.17 per barrel lower compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to lower employee-related expenses and adjustments related to the Aruba disposition. The ethanol segment generated $106 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2016, which was $71 million higher than in the third quarter of 2015, largely due to higher gross margin per gallon resulting from lower corn prices. For the third quarter of 2016, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $192 million and net interest expense was $115 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $470 million and the effective tax rate was 18% in the third quarter of 2016. The effective tax rate was lower-than-expected and lower than the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to income tax benefit on the Aruba disposition and the favorable settlement of an income tax audit. With respect to our balance sheet, at quarter end, total debt was $9 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.9 billion. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 25%. We had approximately $5 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. We generated $863 million of cash from operating activities in the third quarter, which was after the impact of $176 million of unfavorable working capital changes, primarily a decrease in accounts payable. With regards to investing activities, we made $453 million of capital investments. Moving to financing activities, we returned $778 million in cash to stockholders in the third quarter, which included $276 million in dividend payments and $502 million for the purchase of 9.2 million shares of Valero common stock. We completed a $1.25 billion public debt offering in September, and in October we repaid $950 million of senior notes due in 2017. On a pro forma basis, after the repayment, our debt-to-capital ratio was 22%. Our Board of Directors approved an incremental $2.5 billion share repurchase authorization in September. And at quarter end, we had approximately $2.7 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. For 2016, we expect capital investments to total about $2.4 billion, which is slightly below our previous guidance due to lower turnaround costs and the timing of some growth CapEx spend. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.58 million to 1.63 million barrels per day. U.S. Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day. U.S. West Coast at 270,000 to 290,000 barrels per day. In the North Atlantic, at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses are estimated at approximately $3.75 per barrel in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect cost attributed to meeting our biofuel blending obligations, primarily related to RINs in the United States, to be between $750 million and $850 million for 2016. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.9 million gallons per day. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. G&A expenses for the fourth quarter, excluding corporate depreciation, are expected to be about $200 million and net interest expense should be about $150 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $465 million and our effective tax rate should be around 31%. That concludes our opening remarks. And before we open the call to questions, we ask that callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their questions. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe if I could just ask – start out asking on payout and cash return to shareholders. Again – and this has been the case, I guess, over the course of the year, where you significantly exceeded your official payout target again despite a fairly challenging year. I mean, how do you think about managing this going forward? I know you reset the bar at 75% for 2017. How do you view the balance between returning the cash to shareholders and preserving optionality for growth projects that are – and (14:25) M&A, if necessary?
Unknown Speaker: Well, all of those options are part of our capital allocation. So we did set the target at, at least 75% for 2017. So going forward we feel like that's an appropriate way to go into the – appropriate rate to start the year with, and then we'll analyze that as we move through the year and adjust it as accordingly.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Then maybe one question on the product environment as we head into the winter. I mean, last year the industry massively overproduced gasoline through the winter, setting up a challenging position into 2016. Can you share your thoughts, as we head into this winter, on managing inventories of gasoline versus just for (15:16) balance as you shift to winter-grade gasoline and what role – I know on the last quarter we talked some about potential for economic run cuts into the latter part of the year. Do you still see that as necessary in managing inventories, or we done enough work at this point where you think you're okay?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Ryan, this is Gary. I think that we will need to see some economic run cuts in the industry. If you look at what's happened in the market, Chicago has been selling off fairly sharply over the last week and we're starting to see inventories build in the Mid-Continent. So, typically, especially in that land locked region, the market is short product in the summer and becomes long product in the winter. And I think refineries in that region will need to cut to balance the market as we move into the fourth and first quarters. Elsewhere, I think a lot of what you saw last year in terms of refiners running high on utilization and producing summer-grade gasoline was really a function of the steep carry in the market. And certainly at least the Brent curve is flatter this year than what we saw last year. And I think as there's not as much carry in the market, it will go ahead and cause refiners to cut down on utilization and avoid some of the products build that we saw last year.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a couple of questions I'd like to kind of hit on here. First as part of the capital allocation and something that's gotten hammered in some prior conference calls, so let's get out the tools again for this one. M&A and plenty of units appear to be on the market, not all, of course, would be interesting to you. But I was wondering how you're looking at the M&A market, and is that still something that seems attractive to Valero?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Yeah, Roger, this is Mike. It is attractive. We're – on the capital allocation side it's definitely part of our strategy. We're interested in acquiring logistics assets that provide third party revenue or are strategic to our core business. And on the refining side, we're interested in assets that are high quality, globally competitive and advantaged location. So for us that primarily means the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And any thoughts beyond the Gulf Coast of anything that – I mean, is there any real interest in moving beyond kind of your existing footprint further into Europe, anything like that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Roger, this is Joe. I mean, if assets came into the market, we'd look. But I would tell you, no, there's nothing on the radar screen right now outside of what Mike described to you. I think if you look at our system, you see where we could produce the greater synergies and that would be the U.S. Gulf Coast, and so that is our focus.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Appreciate that, and then unrelated follow-up. You mentioned the improvement in U.S. drilling being good for diesel demand and for the differentials. Obviously, diesel demand happens quicker. Do you have kind of a rule of thumb that you use for rigs and diesel demand on either a – I don't know – I guess, a daily basis or anything like that?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Roger, this is Gary. I really can't – I don't have any insight into that at all.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Very interesting question, though.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: We all looked at each other, Roger, when you asked it.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. So I've stumped the masters for a change. Appreciate it, guys. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: You got it.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Gresh with JPMorgan.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Phil.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question is just on the capital spending for this year. Obviously, you've been running at an exceptionally low rate, even relative to your guidance for the full year. So wondering what the key drivers of the lower capital spending have been, and if there's something specific in the fourth quarter that would suggest such a high rate implicit in the full year guidance.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. The capital for 2016 here is, we've adjusted it for $2.4 billion. It's primarily due to lower turnaround costs than what we had anticipated. And then we have some timing on our growth capital expenditure spend that's being lower. It's really a timing issue, as John discussed in his notes. So some of that's being pushed to the future here.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then just maybe a second question on the balance sheet. With your leverage ratio at 22%, which is still pretty conservative relative to the 20% to 30% target range, if fundamentals remain challenging again next year like they were this year, should we think that you'd be willing to be similarly aggressive next year? Is there any reason that this year would be unique?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Aggressive in what -
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In terms of buying back well above your target.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Oh. Yeah. I mean, what we do consider, in a lower earnings environment, the net income obviously is a little bit lower, but we do have quite a bit of depreciation in there. So we look at other factors as well as cash flow. So we'll look at our cash flow generating capabilities and all our sources of cash in paying out and buying back the stock.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I guess my – the question would be, are you willing to add a little bit more leverage, if necessary, to continue down the path of buybacks?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: No, we would not. We would not lever up to buy back stock.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Joe, can we get your comments on this RINs topic. Thanks for your comments earlier. But what do you think the political appetite is to actually change the RVO this year, and then from your dialogue and discussion with Washington to ultimately change the point of obligation?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, okay. So, it's very hard for me to comment on the political situation, so let me focus on the second part first. Okay? And I mentioned that the conversations that we've had have been very constructive. We've had conversations not only with the regulators, but also with the White House. And there is a clear acknowledgment that the structure of the current program isn't delivering the desired results. And so, these are smart people that we're talking to, and they're really trying to understand it and figure out. So, as an industry, let me just say this, the independent refiners, AFPM and certainly Valero, we're working with them to help them understand the issue, certainly as we see it. And there's a clear acknowledgment that we've got a situation that needs to be resolved. Now, as far as the political climate, you know what, we're couple of weeks away from the election. And although we would love to see something change this year, I don't know that we'll get that. But it's certainly receiving enough attention and it is being discussed, to the point where we believe that it's getting worked and that we should have some type of resolution and relief in the not too near future.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate that, Joe. And the second is more specific to the quarter. It was a strong quarter, particularly in the Gulf Coast. Can you talk about what you think drove the strength of the captures despite the downtime at Port Arthur? And any of these factors that you would define as more one-time versus repeatable?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Neil, this is Gary. I think, first, we ran very well and that certainly contributed. When I look at the market factors, I would say the biggest thing I see is, we buy a lot of other feedstocks other than crude, a lot of VGO and resids. And if you look at the pricing of the VGOs and resids that we purchased in the U.S. Gulf Coast system relative to Brent, they were much cheaper than what we saw either last quarter or a year ago at this time. And I would say that was the biggest driver to the capture rates.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great, guys. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Joe, I hear you talking about the U.S. Gulf Coast as the desired M&A target region for you. But of course that Shell is also putting up their San Francisco refining system for sale and realistically not too many people will be interested in buying. So from an M&A standpoint, does it make it intriguing for you to look at that, given that you already have two refineries? Now if you add another one, you may get something that you benefit probably not as much as what you can get from the Gulf Coast, but at the same time the competition for the bid is probably much lower.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Paul, that's a very good question and let me just share this that when we have looked at our ability to acquire additional assets in California historically, we have been precluded. And it's more of a FTC issue for us than anything else. I think it would be very, very difficult for us to execute another refinery acquisition in California. Perhaps the West Coast would be something that would be viable, but I don't think we could get another deal done in California. So, it really hasn't been something that we've spent a lot of time talking about.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So even after Tesoro get approval to buy Carson, you think that the whole FTC restriction is still being applied?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes, I think for us it certainly would be.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. Okay. Second question that you do have a nice UK operation. Just curious that on the ground what have you seen in terms of the European demand? Are they – I mean, we have seen unseasonal uptick in the European refining margins. So is it driven primarily because people on the refinery downtime or that the underlying strength and the demand is better than people think?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, this is Gary. I don't know if it was really tied to downtime or not, but we did see very good wholesale demand through our UK system. And our wholesale profitability certainly contributed to our results in the North Atlantic Basin.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, Gary, you think it's more demand-driven than supply?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I really don't know that I see the data well enough to be able to comment on that, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, Joe. So, some encouraging comments this morning on the RFS and the RFS topic. Can you give us update on your lawsuits? Procedurally, where they stand? What are the key dates moving forward, just so we can at least follow how things have progressed on that more hostile front?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Hey, listen, Evan, why don't I let Jay Browning, who's neck deep in this thing just give you some color?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect.
Jay D. Browning - Valero Energy Corp.: The timeline is really going to be driven more by the process that Joe was describing. EPA's expected to finalize a rule, I believe, by the end of November. And the litigation will play out and there's lots and lots of players who are involved with that. So there is – at this point there's really nothing to put out there in front of you in terms of detail on timing that would be crucial to the process. I think other factors – the political process is more the driver at this point.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So, I mean, litigation is kind of being used in that, I guess, negotiation or information awareness process at this stage?
Jay D. Browning - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I mean, the litigation is out there, but it is more or less used as a framework and as a last resort. Obviously, our preference would be for EPA to volitionally move the point of obligation of its own accord rather than being forced through the litigation process. But we've got the litigation out there just to – as a placeholder and a stake in the ground, if you will, just to let everybody know this issue is not going to go away.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And November's approaching. My second question is more of a macro question. We look at global turnarounds for the industry, at least planned, as being much lower in 2016 relative to 2015 and that having been a major contributor to weaker sequential cracks (29:10) this year. You can see it and you've mentioned it in the higher utilization data. I know Valero – I know you guys plan turnarounds several years in advance, but can you give us any color on your expectations for planned maintenance into 2017, at least sequentially higher or lower, and any views on that potential normalization of turnarounds providing a better environment in 2017?
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, Evan, this is John. I think you summed it up. We really don't have kind of a forward view on turnarounds that we can share. I know there's resources out there where people can go and get views from contractors and what not, but I think our in-house view is we just don't have forward guidance on turnarounds.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. All right, guys. Thank you.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Evan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Appreciate the guidance – or target on the 75% payout for 2017. I was hoping you could talk about some of the major factors that you expect to influence profitability in 2017. Some of the factors we're watching, Tier 3 implementation, CAFE standards, potential OPEC cuts. What do you see as the major drivers for 2017 margin environment?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: So, Jeff, let me go ahead and – that's one of those questions that, I mean, we just are going to kind of share musings on I guess. So, why don't I just see if Gary and Lane have any comments for you on it?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: I guess I'll start with the OPEC cuts, Jeff, that you brought up. So far, we'll know a lot more about what's going to happen there when they have their November meeting. But if you look at the proposed volumes of the cuts, it looks like the volumes are about the same as what Saudi Arabia typically burns in the summer for power generation. So I don't know that we'll see any real impact on exports even if they had the cuts. But overall, the world is still oversupplied with oil and we expect we'll see greater exports from Nigeria, Libya, Kazakhstan, Iraq, and Brazil. So we still feel like on the crude feedstock side, you're going have this competition between medium sour crudes and light sweet, where they're competing for available refining capacity, which will cause the medium sour discounts to be wide. And then with additional exports from Canada and South America on the heavy side, the heavies are going to have to compete with medium sours, and so we expect good discounts there. That's kind of a view of the crude markets. On the product side, I think we think that the gasoline market, as long as you're in this low price environment, you'll continue to see good demand response on gasoline. And then on distillate, we expect a little bit more normal winter weather in both the United States and Northwest Europe will help the distillate market along with some recovery and economic growth, and we'll see a little bit stronger distillate cracks going into next year. Lane, I don't know what else you -
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: The only thing I'd comment on is Tier 3. January 1 of this coming year is when Tier 3 really comes into effect. There are people like us who generated credits with our existing units under Tier 2, which put us in position not really needing to get all of our capacity up and running until 2020. But different people – or different companies and refineries are in different position with respect to that. So between 2017 – beginning of 2017 and somewhere in the 2020 timeframe you'll see these units start up. That will destroy octane, so you should see alkylate and the premium regrade strengthen throughout that period.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Thanks. Secondly, if I could ask about your RINs guidance for the full year. We've lost our ability to track RINs prices on a regular basis, and I was hoping you could comment on where RINs prices are now. It would appear that there's either a price or a volume increase in the fourth quarter that would be required, given the first three quarters of expenses you've had to get into this $750 million to $850 million range.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, yeah – no, Jeff, I think, look, what's going happen in the RINs prices going forward, we've heard a lot of RINs commentary about things that could affect the prices, so I think we have a forecast. We have a view. We set that out. It's a pretty wide range accordingly, right, $750 million to $850 million. You can see where our actuals have been through the year. But we just have to kind of stay tuned and see. We're not prepared to change it at this time.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I mean, year-to-date we're at about $525 million is the expense. Second quarter was roughly – or third quarter was roughly $200 million.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: All right. Thanks for your comments.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: And, Jeff, just one thing. We're not trying to be resistant to giving you guidance on this. But if you look historically at where they've been, from 2011 to 2015, I think RIN price averaged like $0.33. Last year they were like $0.55 – $0.50 to $0.55. This year, obviously, they've been higher than that. And I think a lot of it comes down to where is the EPA going to set the RVO. And if they set a high RVO, where they're pushing us through the blend wall, I think we can all expect that we're going to have high RINs prices. And if they set it at a reasonable level that's achievable by industry, then I think we'll see it come off again. There's so many reasons that it's high right now, but it is clearly those with length are taking advantage of those that are short, and we're seeing that in the speculation in the market. So again, it's an unregulated market with not a lot of transparency. It is really very, very difficult to forecast.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Yeah, certainly opportunity for substantial volatility. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, so sorry, bud.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Gary, following-on on the OPEC question from earlier. I was curious specifically about Venezuela. I think it would be consensus that those are among the most at-risk volumes in the world right now. So I'm curious how much Valero takes from Venezuela, and also if you take any sort of net credit risk in your commercial activities with Venezuela?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, so I'll comment on – really our volumes are not consistent month-to-month. They vary up and down, and I'll let Mike comment on the credit.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Most of the business that we have is with Citgo, but we really don't discuss our credit analysis and stuff with our various customers.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, got it. And then, Mike, I guess following-on on an earlier question about CapEx, maybe trying to attack it a different way. I think that year-to-date you guys have spent like $1.4 billion in CapEx. You've been doing like $450 million or $500 million a quarter. So that would imply like $1 billion of spending in the fourth quarter. Is there any reason why that would be the case? Why the spending would go up so much? I know in the past sometimes you've included like an acquisition or something in those numbers. Is that what's responsible for it?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: No, we don't include acquisitions in these numbers. I mean, it's the estimate that we have at this time. We've got the turnaround spend being finished here. And so that's the number that we've decided to give at this point. There's probably a little downside – or it will come in a little below that.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with UBS.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow-up on the payout ratio there and maybe narrow it a little bit and focus more on the dividend. I think the goal earlier this year was to get that dividend higher, closer to peers or at least at the top end of the range. And I guess you're there right now. So, just curious your appetite to increase it from here as you head into next year and how that figures into your 75% ratio.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, we've already increased the dividend once this year. But if you look at how our history demonstrates, we would like to be in the position of increasing our dividend annually. And as you mentioned, our intention is to pay at the top end of the range, and so we'll monitor that and stay at the top end of the range as we move forward.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. That makes sense. And then second question just wanted to follow-up on your comments around, I guess, export demand for refined products and maybe a few different angles here. I guess we're surprised that it's actually held up this strong, because we continue to hear about the bloated stockpiles globally, anecdotally here about Chinese gasoline cargoes hitting the East Coast of the U.S., and so clearly lot of product out there. And I guess I'm just wondering how sustainable that demand is, if you can give us some granularity on where that pull is coming from, and how much is maybe refinery outages in South America that maybe you can't count on to always be there.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, this is Gary. I think we continue to see very good demand for gasoline into Mexico and South America. I think in the short term some of that is certainly driven by refinery outages, but we see good growth in that region and expect that we'll see continued exports into those regions moving forward. Certainly, the opening up of Mexico will also help us with our export business as well. Distillates we see good demand in both South America and the yard to Europe is currently open. So we see very good demand on the distillate side as well.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate the color. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Scotia Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, guys. Good morning. Nice results on the quarter. Gary, just following-up on that last comment on the exports, it looks like there was a pretty healthy decline quarter-to-quarter, and I didn't know if that's just kind of seasonal in nature, if the arb window simply closed or anything like that. I didn't know if maybe it was potentially reflective of weakness in demand.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: No, Blake, I'll break it apart. On the gasoline side we did 93,000 barrels a day, which is down some, but gasoline typically follows seasonal patterns. While you're in driving season here in the U.S., we typically don't export as much and it's more a statement of the strength of the U.S. market rather than lack of demand into the export markets. ULSD we did 236,000 barrels a day. If you add the jet and kerosene, we were at 283,000 barrels a day. There it was more a function of the turnaround activity we had in the Gulf. The Meraux hydro cracker was down and then we had the Port Arthur turnaround. And so it just limited the availability of export quality distillate into our system, and that's why the numbers are down on the distillate.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. And then the second question. I realize you're not going to want to get into too much detail on guidance on this, but typically when we see a crude spike like we've see in this quarter, there tends to be a negative impact on the secondary product pricing and resid. And I'm just curious if you're kind of witnessing some of that in the marketplace. I guess, what I'm fishing around on is, should capture rates maybe suffer a bit quarter-to-quarter as a result of the rapid increase that we've seen?
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Blake, you're correct. Normally you would see that. The one thing that's different for us is we've seen that propylene prices spike fairly considerably. So the strength in propylene in our system thus far has really offset the negative impact of the secondary products that we would normally see when flat price goes up.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Good deal. Okay. Thanks a bunch. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I appreciate you taking my questions. Hey, Joe. So, Joe, on the buyback, I guess dividend distribution, the 75% target. Given that you've obviously been running pretty well ahead of that, is there any consideration to either reconsider the absolute level or the balance between dividends and buybacks? And I've got a quick follow-up please.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, obviously – and I'll let Mike speak to this. But, Doug, obviously, we're always looking at that. And Mike mentioned earlier, okay, you use 75% of net income because it provides absolute transparency into what the number is, and that's one of the things that we use for planning purposes. Mike's also looking at his percentage of cash flow dependent on how things are there. And then again, we continue to look at the balance between the dividend and the buybacks. In our view, though, the dividend is nondiscretionary. The buyback is discretionary. And so we need to be very confident that we're going to continue to have cash flows and that we're going to be able to continue to manage the capital budget the way that the company's done over the last couple of years to be sure that if we increase the dividend, we're good to go. So, Mike, with that what would you...
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: I don't really have anything to add to that. I mean, the dividend is the commitment to the shareholder and that is our priority.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I guess, is there – maybe I don't want to belabor this particular point, but in terms of dividend growth, if you were thinking kind of mid-cycle earnings level for the company, is there an aspiration to have a dividend growth target on top of that, or are we just going to stick with the 75%?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, for now we're going to stick with the 75%, Doug. And I think we've answered it. We're not going get pinned down right now on announcing a dividend increase, that's for sure. But I think we're going go ahead and stick with the 75% for the time being and we'll continue to look at it.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. My follow-up hopefully a quick one is, as the earnings mix changes a little bit, as you see more coming from the MLP obviously over time, what's the guidance on the tax rate going forward? Because, obviously, it's consistently been at a pretty better level, I guess, compared to what we would have expected. So, this run rate for the tax rate and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, this quarter we had a couple of items that benefited our tax rate. Our guidance was 30%. We had the Aruba disposition and that provided, I guess, it was about 6% improvement on the tax position. We had the favorable settlement on an income tax audit. That provided about 4%. So those would have given us a 28% when you back those out. Our guidance was 30%. So we had a few minor things. Going forward, 30%, 31% looks like a good number.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, fellows.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Maybe just to follow-on from Doug's question on the dividend in a different way. I mean, you are investing just under $1 billion of growth capital, which should provide some sort of uplift to EBITDA over time. I mean is one way to think about it is, you've got this net income payout and you're willing to sort of keep that flat, and then as this growth capital comes in, you could perhaps use that to drive the dividend higher? And then specifically, on that growth capital, I mean, talk a little bit about the funnel to maintain that $1 billion level and maybe the split between refining and logistics just at the very high level.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: On our capital, I think next year we're looking at similar to our budget for 2016, about $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion. $1.5 billion of that will be for sustaining and maintenance capital, about $1 billion or so for growth capital, and that will be split about 50%-50% between refining and logistics. So right now we're comfortable at the 75% target on the payout, so that's where we're at on that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Ed, that was – your question was kind of a mouthful. But it was – it's hard to say that, okay, all the incremental income produced from growth projects is going go into the dividend. If we knew what margins were going to be in two months, if we were selling something where we could set the price and set the margin and just the only issue is how much are you going to manufacture, it'd be wonderful. But that's not the way this business functions. And because we've made the commitment to the dividend, we're very careful with it. We've also told you guys, we're not going to sit here and accumulate cash. And that's why we've gone ahead and exceeded the payout ratio target of 75%, because we've had stronger cash flows than we had anticipated. And so we've gone ahead and used the funds accordingly. We have a lot of discipline around the capital budgeting process, and you're not going to see that whipsaw significantly. So, it's not like Lane and Gary and Rich are running out trying to find another $1.5 billion of capital projects so that we can spend the money. So anyway, I think you should expect consistent performance from us on this. And, again, we will continue to look at the dividend and I would expect, as Mike said, that we would continue to try to increase the dividend. But we're not prepared to commit to it right now.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, and then the second one is, unfortunately, another follow-up on RINs. So do you think that the November ruling would actually deal with the point of obligation? And if they do deal with the point of obligation and say move it to the blending racks, what would be the impact on your RVO in total?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well...
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Because presumably you have a big impact, but just trying to get a clarity on that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I'm just trying to think through how to answer that. And I think I would rather not, because we haven't given any guidance on what our absolute RVO is. So giving you a number for it after the fact, but it would go down materially. So...
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then on the EPA – sorry...
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Go ahead, buddy.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Sorry. On the whether this ruling at the end of November is actually going to deal with the point of obligation.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what their plan is. I would love to think that they were going to do it, but I think all we've got commitments from them on so far is that they're going to announce the obligations. It would be very nice if they would open up our petition to a rule making on it so that we could have some conversation around it. And as Jay mentioned, if they would do that, then I think we would see some effect on the RIN price. But I'm not been very good at trying to predict exactly what they're going to do.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone. Just if I could immediately follow-up while we're on the dreaded subject. Joe, did you petition as Valero because – why didn't the refining industry lobby petition as opposed to you guys doing it individually? Is that an evidence that's there's a split amongst refiners?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, okay. So first of all, we did it because it's a material issue to us and we're a large refiner, and we're going to do what's best for us. Secondly, the AFPM did also file and their petition is similar to ours to move the point of obligation. So it – your third question is, is everybody in the industry of a like mind on this? The answer would be no, and I think it depends on where you happen to sit. If you're long RINs with a more integrated system through retail, I think you're going be a lot more comfortable with the status quo. And if you're an independent refiner or a retail marketer that doesn't have the ability to move up the rack, then you're going to want to see this point of obligation moved. Paul, from my perspective, it's a very simple point of view. It is, you create a situation where the obligation and the point of compliance are two different points, and they shouldn't be. And so it's – by moving the point of obligation, obviously, we align the natural point of compliance with the natural point of obligation. And a lot of this speculation in the RINs market goes away. People will not be incentivized to build inventories of RINs to hold out for higher prices, to squeeze the shorts as we've seen. So anyway, I think I answered you, which -
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: You did. I think earlier in the call, Joe, you sort of said you thought it would be resolved. I guess, then subsequently you seem to be saying that you're not very good at predicting it and you're not sure what will come out in November.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: I think that it's going be resolved, but I do not know that it's going to happen before this election cycle happens. And then you tell me what the Obama administration's going to want to deal with between November and January. I can't predict that.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Something tells me it's not going to be RINs, Joe.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: (52:09).
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: If I could just ask about the CapEx. Actually you did define how much was growth, how much was maintenance. Are we assuming around $800 million of turnaround? I don't know if you said you didn't want to comment on that. I think that the guidance was originally maybe for $1 billion this year of turnaround and is being dropped. I'm sorry if I got the numbers wrong.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Typically, our turnaround expense is $700 million to $800 million on an annual basis.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, so that's what you'll be assuming for next year then?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, I think that's fair.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's great. And I just guess the final one would be, the net income target that you've talked about, the fact that you're sailing over that, why don't you look at it just purely from a cash point of view? Because you said that, because of the strength of cash, you're paying out more. Wouldn't it be smarter or easier for us all to just use a cash-on-cash dividend target? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: Well, we feel like that the net income is very transparent. There's a lot of things that flow through the cash flow item like working capital items and such that you could have wild swings on your cash flow generation, and so our preference is net income.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. Can I have a final one?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Paul, that's four now. You'll get me in trouble here.
Unknown Speaker: Give him one more.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: While I've got Lane. Could you just talk about the recent draw on inventories that we've seen, Lane, and imports of crude? What's your perspective on that somewhat surprising series of draws that we've seen? And I'll leave it there, I promise. Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Hey, Paul. I'll have to defer to my friend here, Mr. Gary Simmons, on that.
Gary Simmons - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. Paul, so I think you see these Brent TIR swinging back and forth, and so what we get into is that TI gets priced to where some barrels leave the Gulf and then the arb comes back in and incentivizes imports. So what we've seen is, we saw some barrels leaving the Gulf. It's kind of imbalanced today to where St. James is marginally getting to the point where you would want to import barrels again. So I think that's what you've seen in the crude markets.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Cool.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, Joe. I appreciate your legal and policy change focus on the RINs. But are you specifically implementing any strategies right now to reduce your RIN purchase obligation through increasing terminal exposure, changing commercial arrangements, or any other measure?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yes. Yes to all of the above, and trying to continue to build the wholesale business. So we're looking at all those things. Those are the levers that we've got to pull, and then exports is the other one. And I think Gary and his team continue to look at the economics of exports with the RIN in mind, and so we're trying to manage our costs down every way we possibly can.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Does M&A focus on the midstream side? Is this a big priority, I guess, when you look at midstream growth position?
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. No, it's a priority. Obviously, we've seen a lot of things transact here and we've looked at a lot of things. But it is a priority for us, Chi. I think we'd like to – again, as we said earlier in the call, we'd like to find assets in a perfect world that had third party volume and supported Valero's core business, but either/or is good with us.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And then second question, your refining OpEx performance is pretty stellar. I imagine low gas – nat gas prices are a part of it, but I suspect there's probably more to that. Can you talk about the company's efforts on the cost front? Gulf Coast, you're trending at $3.50 a barrel, which is pretty amazing for your complexity there. And also North Atlantic, looks like you're way down on OpEx relative to the past few years. So any comments on that end would be helpful.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Chi, I'm just going to be – I'm going to answer this in general. It's a core value for us to manage our expenses aggressively all the time, but we do that in light of being very reliable. One of the tenets of our operation is we believe we get to a lower cost business by making sure that we implement our liability programs, so we minimize big one-time events that can turn into very expensive expense events. And that's essentially the way we think about running our business.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Is there something specific in the North Atlantic? Because it really looks like it's been measurable on the production.
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: No.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Lane. Appreciate it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Thanks, Chi.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Margolin with Cowen & Company.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Hi, Sam.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: I wanted to go back to 2017 CapEx, if that's all right. The gated process to the capital program sort of sets up a possible scenario, where your growth CapEx number could be a lot lower than it has been this year or previous years or what you just mentioned for 2017. I guess, given the fact that the refining cycle has been challenging this year and it would have been hard for kind of people outside the fence to really easily identify a really good project in this kind of market. What is that – what would it take for the growth CapEx number to come down to a level that we haven't seen for a while? And then I guess that would introduce another list of possibilities on the return of cash side, and maybe if you could talk about how those two things are linked, too.
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Do you want to talk about capital?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Sam, this is Lane. It's an interesting question. I wouldn't say that we have a complete shortcoming of potential projects. We have a strategic outlook, which we believe is we have – we believe that octane is going be in short supply going forward and we believe feedstock flexibility is something that we're always continuing to look at. I'm not going to say that there's not the possibility that somehow our growth CapEx will fall. But we have plenty of sort of small, fast hitting projects that compete in that space. You also got to remember, we have a strategic – we're strategically trying to get the right network (58:51) on our secondary costs through building those assets and dropping them into the MLP. And that's – as Mike alluded to earlier, that's about 50% of our growth CapEx for next year. So...
Joseph W. Gorder - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah, we – I mean, Sam, the fact that we're not out there talking about a bunch of capital projects just goes back to the fundamental principle that we're operating by, which was we don't talk about them until we're confident we're going to do the project. Again, we don't want to get out over our skis and over-commit, and then end up needing to back it down. So I don't think you should read anything into a lower capital number based on lack of opportunities that we're looking at.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, just following-up on a comment you made in the introduction about some positive signals you're seeing in U.S. unconventional upstream. The new crude units position you pretty well for that inflexion. I remember in the first quarter you gave a result for the first one. I think it was $30 million of EBITDA, which sort of put you right on the fairway of guidance. But production wasn't growing – at the time production was declining in the U.S. So at this point can you catch us up a little bit on the performance and sort of establish whether we have seen sort of, I guess, proof of concept in those projects by this point?
R. Lane Riggs - Valero Energy Corp.: Yeah. So, Sam, this is Lane again. Our for funding, or FID (01:00:16) EBITDA for those projects, for Corpus it's $150 million and for Houston it was about $130 million. And so in the third quarter, they both per unit contributed about $45 million a piece. So you can sort of look at the run rate and they're clearly in line with what our funding decisions were with respect to – on the EBITDA basis.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Fernando Valle with Citi.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I'll keep it brief. Just quickly on the change in regulations, IRS regulations for partnership liability and disguise sale, does that impact your plans for dropdowns into VLP for next year at all? Did you have any impact on previous drops into VLP? Thank you.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: It does not have any impact on the previous drops into the MLP. It's not retroactive and it really has no material impact on our plans, on the EBITDA, the amount of EBITDA that we have to drop.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. But do you expect a major impact as far as the potential tax liability for VLO on dropdowns? Or it doesn't really impact on -
Michael S. Ciskowski - Valero Energy Corp.: No, it's not material to the tax liability that we're already incurring.
Fernando Valle - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. It seems we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to John Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Valero Energy Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Vanessa. Thanks everyone for calling today. If you have any additional questions, please contact me or Karen Ngo after the call. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization Jay D. Browning - Executive Vice President & General Counsel Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Good morning. And welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our investor relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention now to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. There're many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks, John, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we continue to face a challenging margin environment, which was further complicated by high compliance cost headwinds, but our team performed well, running safely and reliably while maintaining our cost-efficient operations. Turning to the markets, sweet crude discounts in the second quarter remained narrow as shale crude production continued to slow. Unplanned crude production outages caused by wildfires in Canada led to the tightening of medium and heavy sour crude discounts relative to Brent. More recently, with the resumption of crude production in Canada and the continued flow of foreign medium sour crudes to the U.S. Gulf Coast, we've seen discounts widening versus Brent. We expect medium, heavy and sour crude oils to remain attractive. On the products side, margins improved compared to the first quarter, and product demand in domestic and export markets remain robust. In fact, we exported record volumes of distillate and gasoline combined for the second quarter. Turning to our refining growth strategy, we successfully commissioned the new Houston crude unit in June. In addition, the Corpus Christi crude unit, which was completed late last year, ran well at above planned rates. We continued engineering and procurement work on the $300 million Houston alkylation unit, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2019. We also continued to develop other strategic projects that will provide octane enhancement, feedstock flexibility and cogeneration to create higher value products and reduce cost. Also in June, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the Parkway Pipeline, which connects our St. Charles refinery to the Plantation pipeline. With 100% ownership interest in this pipeline and the planned connection to the Colonial pipeline, we've enhanced our product supply options to the U.S. East Coast. This transaction fits our strategy to optimize through investments in logistics assets, which we expect to be eligible for future drop to Valero Energy Partners LP, our sponsored MLP. With respect to VLP, last week we announced the distribution increase of 7.4% for the second quarter, which keeps us on pace for an annual distribution growth rate of 25%. And finally, despite the lower margin environment, we generated solid cash flow from operations and stepped up our return of cash to stockholders through our buyback program. So, with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Thank you, Joe. For the quarter, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $814 million or $1.73 per share, which compares to $1.4 billion or $2.66 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Excluding an after-tax lower of cost or market inventory valuation benefit of $367 million or $0.78 per share and an asset impairment loss of $56 million or $0.12 per share, second quarter 2016 adjusted net income was $503 million or $1.07 per share. Please refer to the reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts that begin on page three of the financial tables that accompany our release. Operating income for the refining segment in the second quarter of 2016 was $1.3 billion and adjusted operating income was $954 million, which was $1.2 billion lower than the second quarter of 2015. Primary drivers of the decline were weaker gasoline and distillate margins, due to lingering high product inventories and lower discounts for sweet crude oils relative to Brent crude oil. Higher RIN prices also created additional earnings headwinds in the second quarter of 2016. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day in the second quarter of 2016, which was in line with the second quarter of 2015. Our refineries operated at 94% throughput capacity utilization, which was impacted by a turnaround at our Texas City refinery. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.51 per barrel in the second quarter of 2016 were $0.15 per barrel lower compared to the second quarter of 2015, largely driven by lower energy costs. The ethanol segment generated $69 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2016, and adjusted operating income of $49 million, which was $59 million lower than in the second quarter of 2015, due primarily to lower gross margin per gallon driven by higher corn prices in the second quarter of 2016. Additionally for the second quarter of 2016, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $159 million and net interest expense was $111 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $471 million and the effective tax rate was 26% in the second quarter of 2016. The effective tax rate was lower than expected and lower than in the second quarter of 2015, primarily due to the positive change in the company's lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve in the second quarter of 2016, which contributed to a stronger relative earnings contribution from international operations with lower statutory tax rates. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $7.5 billion, and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.9 billion, of which $67 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 21%. We had $5.3 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash, of which $436 million was only available to VLP. We generated $2.3 billion of cash from operating activities in the second quarter. Of which, $1.3 billion was due to favorable working capital changes, primarily increases in accounts and taxes payable and a reduction in inventories. With regard to investing activities, we made $461 million of capital investments, of which $164 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. This amount excludes our purchase of the remaining 50% interest in the Parkway Pipeline from Kinder Morgan. Moving to financing activities, we returned $683 million in cash to stockholders in the second quarter, which included $282 million in dividend payments and $401 million for the purchase of over 7.5 million shares of Valero common stock. As of June 30, we had approximately $700 million of share repurchase authorization remaining. For 2016, we expect to invest $1.6 billion to maintain the business, and another $1 billion for refining asset optimization and logistics projects, which are expected to drive long-term earnings growth. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.6 million barrels per day to 1.65 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 415,000 barrels per day to 435,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 260,000 barrels per day to 280,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 460,000 barrels per day to 480,000 barrels per day. The guidance range for the U.S. Gulf Coast reflects the previously announced major turnaround at the Port Arthur refinery, which occurs once every five years. Refining cash operating expenses are estimated at approximately $3.70 per barrel in the third quarter. We continue to expect costs related to meeting our biofuel blending obligations, primarily related to RINs in the U.S., to be between $750 million and $850 million for 2016. Costs will likely end up in the upper end of that range based on recent RIN prices. The ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.9 million gallons per day. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. G&A expenses for the third quarter, excluding corporate depreciation, are expected to be around $180 million and net interest expense should be about $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $465 million and our effective tax rate should be around 30%. That concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we ask that callers adhere to our protocol in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their question. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the strong cash flow quarter here. Want to kick it off on the product side. Clearly, product margins are a concern for investors as we think about both the refining stocks and then also as we think about the flat price per crude. So, two questions on that basis. One, Joe, do you think there's just too much refining capacity in the world here? Is there a structural oversupply in capacity? And then, do you expect that we're going to see run cuts this fall here in the U.S. or elsewhere in the world?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Neil, and thanks for your comments. Why don't I let Gary take a crack at this?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Neil. I think despite the fact that we've seen very strong product demand, obviously, the refinery utilization has been such that supply has been able to keep up and even outpace demand. So, ultimately, we're going to need a rebalancing and see lower refinery utilization moving forward. So, I do believe that you'll see some refinery run cuts as we head into the third quarter and fourth quarter. I think that some of what happened this year is that with the steep contango in the market, especially early in the year, some marginal refining capacity that typically you would see cut in the winter had incentive to go ahead and run and produce the summer grade of gasoline. And so, it caused utilization to be very high, especially like in the January, February timeframe. And that's where we built the large overhang of products that we've really had to manage the rest of this year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate those comments. And then secondly, on RINs here, you maintained the guidance of $750 million to $850 million, but is it fair to say there's some upward bias to the midpoint of the range? Joe, can you just talk about what you ultimately see as the resolution to this RINs issue? I know it's something that you've been talking to the EPA about quite a lot. And then just how you see the RINs issue evolving from here.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Neil. That's a good question. And I'll speak just briefly about the lawsuit really, and then if we have procedural questions, Jay can help me with that. But our action with the EPA is really focused on dealing with the current structure of the system. The current system, as you know, misaligns the RIN obligation with the ability to comply by blending. So, what's happened, it's enabled speculators to drive up RIN prices, which really distorts the markets. And it facilitates opportunities for RIN fraud, which we've seen a fair amount of. Moving to point of obligation really would address these issues, and then it would enable the penetration of biofuel products into the marketplace to increase their blending. So, that's really the emphasis for us on trying to push this just to try to fix a structure that we think really is misaligned and infeasible today. And then, Jay, on process, any comments?
Jay D. Browning - Executive Vice President & General Counsel: Yeah. As everyone knows, if you're engaged in litigation we're only in a position to control our own efforts and timing. And we are doing everything possible that we can to bring attention to the issue. We have filed the lawsuits, we filed the petition for reconsideration, and we've engaged in a lot of effort to educate other affected parties as well as EPA officials. Ideally, we would like to see EPA of its own accord engage in a rulemaking process. And if they were to do so, you can go to the EPA website and see basically how long it takes for them to put out a proposed rule, gather comments and finalize a rule. Short of that, we're having to fall back on timing of the process of litigation, which is very difficult to speculate.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, guys. Thanks for the comments.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, I know you guys raised your dividend early in the first quarter and your indicative yield today is higher than it was in 2008 and 2009. Can you discuss how you stress the dividend when you establish or decide to raise that earlier this year and how you view the sustainability of your yield?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, Evan. Our dividend is a commitment to our shareholders and we do consider it non-discretionary. With our cash position and nearly $5 billion of liquidity we have available to us, we're quite comfortable with the sustainability of our current dividend and also the payout target of at least 75% of net income. And in addition, we're not concerned with the funding of our capital program.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And Evan, we did take a good hard look at this. And obviously margins can be volatile, right? That's a understatement for the year. Last year they were strong, this year they're weaker. And so, we ran cases before we presented to the board the dividend increase, which really looked at different margin scenarios. And that's how we got our comfort level with it. I mean, we stressed it pretty hard. And, obviously, in this low-margin environment and with earnings where they are, we're still in a good position on the dividend. So, obviously, we did a thorough job on that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. No, that makes sense. And that should help support in this environment, your stock. Maybe a follow-up on the distribution comment. I mean, you're running above the 75% payout target year-to-date in 2Q. How should we think about that target going forward and does the higher distribution reflect your view on an improving outlook or the cash generating abilities of your assets?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Our target is based on net income, but we do understand in this lower earnings environment that we have to consider our cash flow generating capabilities and then also the drops to the VLP. So through June, we have paid out 156% of adjusted net income and that's about 42% of our cash flow.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Appreciate it, guys.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Good. Thanks, Evan.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Couple question. Mike, do you have any preliminary 2017, 2018 CapEx that you can share? And if the margins stay close to where we are over the next one or two years, then, how quickly you can adjust those number?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, Paul. We haven't disclosed our 2017 capital budget yet. But notionally, we're going to be spending $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion on maintenance capital and roughly $1 billion on growth. Obviously, there's more flexibility in the growth category, but the projects that we're identifying are attractive, and you'd want us to complete these at those rates, at those hurdle rate. So, today we have lots of cash like I just mentioned, and a lot of liquidity and we're quite comfortable in funding our capital expenditures at those levels.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Joe, just curious then, with the refining market, I think, weaker than people expected. When you're looking at the M&A market, have you seen any change in the (20:02) in the last several months?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, I would tell you, I don't think we've seen any major change. I mean, obviously, in a down market if seller doesn't want to sell for what the valuations might be, and a buyer doesn't want to pay for assets based on what we've experienced in the past. And so, it's always a negotiation when you're looking at it. But you raised the question on M&A, and if I could, I just want to stress the fact that M&A is a component of our capital allocation framework, it is not the component of our capital allocation framework. And unfortunately, in our last call, we gave the impression that there was a greater emphasis on M&A than there had been in the past, which we really never intended to do. We've consistently shared that we look at opportunities all the time. So, a transaction like the Parkway Pipeline acquisition wouldn't come as a surprise. But any M&A transactions will need to compete for cash with our growth capital projects and our buybacks. So, just to be clear, there's no greater emphasis on M&A today than there was two years ago. And our commitment to the other components of our capital allocation framework is really unchanged.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just following up on the CapEx side of things. You're tracking well below for the full year. Were you always expecting to be a little bit more back half loaded because of the turnarounds, or would you say maybe there is some degree of conservatism in the capital budget outlook being maintained in the $2.6 billion for the year?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Well, we are tracking a little bit below the $2.6 billion. I mean, Lane, do you have any idea on the timing of some of these projects?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Yeah. What I would say, with what we've disclosed and we have a large turnaround at Port Arthur in the third quarter and fourth quarter, that's obvious. That's a big, big turnaround and that is a known quantity. In terms of our, sort of, ratable spend, I would say we're still holding for this $2.6 billion, but we'll see, because, in terms of capital projects, the ratability is such that November, December it's difficult to spend a lot of money during that time of year. So, and I'll just leave it at that.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, the second question, the return of capital discussion, you mentioned cash available via drops. Some of your peers have been pretty active with capital raises and drops so far this year. Feels like the market is opening up for quality MLPs, maybe with the pull back in oil now maybe a little less, we'll see. But how are you thinking about the back half of the year on this front?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: As far as the drop?
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. In terms of desire to raise capital and do drops.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Okay. Right now we have no change to the strategy to grow our LP primarily through the dropdown. We do believe a measured pace is prudent, and our guidance is still $500 million to $750 million that we gave in the first quarter call. We will continue to look at third-party logistics still that support Valero's core business. And again, in regard to the capital markets on the equity side, obviously, they've been improving and they have improved throughout the quarter. Debt markets look very good.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I guess, we'll continue to keep an eye on it. We're not prepared right now to change what we've shared that we're planning to do. Phil, we're all watching this to see, are we dealing with a new normal or are we dealing with just a spike in the market that was driven by the financial situation we had last year. And so, we'll continue to eyeball it. We've got, again, plenty of assets that we could drop. We got significant EBITDA there. We continue to look for opportunities to grow the LP with potential joint ventures and some smaller acquisitions. But, we're very attentive to it.
Phil M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess, some of the main topics have been hit. If maybe we could dive just a little bit deeper into the concern about run cuts and then maybe the outlook for turnarounds beyond just Port Arthur for you as we're looking into the fall.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Run cuts.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yeah. So, I guess, on run cuts, we continue to have margin to run in our system. We feel good about the fact that we have this natural gas advantage and feedstock cost advantage in the Gulf that puts us in a very good position globally in the refining industry. So, we're not feeling any pressure for run cuts, but I do agree that we're going to need some rebalancing in the market. So, going forward, I think you'll see some run cuts in the third quarter and fourth quarter. I'm not sure where those will occur. Probably Northwest Europe and some of them in the northeastern United States where you're already starting to hear some in the press of run cuts in today's market. I'll let Lane comment on the future turnarounds.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Yeah. Roger, we disclosed the Port Arthur turnaround just because it was so material and we wanted to make sure it was out there. It's not a normal way we communicate in terms of providing any additional information on our forward-looking statements with respect to our turnarounds.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Maybe a broader question about turnarounds and experience where we've had these oversupply situations. Is it Valero's experience or would you say it's maybe the industry broadly that when you have a weak margin environment you'll take advantage of opportunities, given that economic costs are much lower of doing a turnaround, or that maybe you don't try to force product through the non-crude unit, if you have a big crude unit turnaround? Just sort of curious of, do you take advantage in a situation where we've come off several years of high margins and a big economic cost to turnaround. Do you see that – is that one of the ways the industry sort of corrects the imbalance here?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: So, first, I'll comment on Valero. So, we have a strategy of planning our turnarounds a couple of years in advance and executing our turnarounds as they come up. We have a big system, and we feel like we, by virtue of being disciplined in doing that, we don't try to move our turnarounds based on what prompt economics are. Now, (27:07) rest of the industry, there may be some of that. I can't say that there's not. I'm sure that people are looking at whether the refineries are struggling from a maintenance perspective, they may bring the maintenance forward and just fix whatever it is. And if you want to call that a turnaround you might say that. I would say that's essentially about all that there is.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Joe, I guess, my first one might be for Mike. Mike, I just wonder if you could help us understand the strength of the cash flow in the quarter, just as it relates to reported income and DD&A. It looks like there's some other moving parts in there. And my follow-up is on the industry, please.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. So, on the cash flow, we had a change in cash of building (28:11) cash for the quarter of $1.1 billion. But of that amount, $1.3 million was due to favorable working capital changes. So, we had an increase in our payables and receivables, and you net those together, it's about $600 million benefit. We had an increase in our taxes payable of roughly $300 million and then we decreased our inventories in the quarter by about $300 million. So that nets to the $1.2 billion of working capital benefit.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That helps me close the gap. Thanks. Joe, my follow-up is on, I guess, it's more of a kind of margin question in terms of the octane premium that hasn't appeared to materialize this summer. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, octane enhancement or projects might be something that Valero continues to look at. Is 2016 just a one-off or do you still think that there is going to be a call for increased alkylate production or whatever it happens to be in the future? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug. Okay. So, Gary or Lane, you guys want to tag team it?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah. I'll start, Doug, and then let Lane talk about the projects a little bit. So, what we've seen in the market is actually the octane premiums on the West Coast in the Mid-Continent in the Group 3 market have been stronger this year than what they were last year. However, in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the New York Harbor we've seen weaker octane premiums. And so, if you kind of try to get your mind around what's going on, I think a lot of that is the fact that where you really can store gasoline is in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the New York Harbor. So, when we had that steep contango earlier in the year, people were storing gasoline, they were largely storing premium grade summer gasoline and high octane blend components. So, in those markets, in the Harbor and the Gulf Coast, as that inventory's come out, it's kind of caused the premiums to be a little weaker this year than what we saw in the past. However, in the Group 3 market, the West Coast market where you don't have a lot of capabilities to store gasoline, the octane values have actually been stronger than what we saw last year.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: So, Doug, this is Lane. We still have a strategic view that octane has value. And it's really in the context of Tier 3 is going to destroy a lot of octane. And, of course, the autos, on a go-forward basis, are looking at higher compression engines. So, they may, in fact, want higher octane fuel. And the best way to make that, we believe is, it's finding to find a way to get NGL into the transportation fuel and then convert that to octane. So that's why we like our Houston alkylation project. And with that strategic view, we look at other projects to, if it meets our hurdle rates to produce additional octane in our system.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the full answer, guys. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Question for you. I guess, it's kind of macro and also company specific, but you obviously hit record levels on the export side. At the same time, we're seeing increased gasoline imports into the U.S. And so, I'm just trying to get a sense of exactly what's going on. Is this more of a regional dynamic where Gulf Coast is really sending product to other parts of the world and Europe is basically penetrating the East Coast? Or just basically any color you can give us on that framework.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Blake. This is Gary. I think it's exactly what you said. We see, especially on gasoline exports, that we have a competitive advantage going to Mexico and South America. And then largely due to Jones Act shipping, we're not as competitive going to the New York Harbor as maybe Northwest Europe are. So, the natural flow of our barrels is to go south into South America, and there's been an incentive to send barrels from Northwest Europe into the Harbor.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. And just to clarify, is Houston – the startup of Houston, is that contributing to those exports or is that not really that material in the quarter?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: No, it really didn't have any material impact at all in the quarter.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. And if you don't mind, just a final point of clarity. I know you said on the economic run cuts, you're not necessarily providing, I guess, an outlook on exactly where it would occur, but if I heard the guidance correctly on Mid-Con, it looks like a pretty decent rollover quarter-to-quarter. Would that guidance contemplate any economic run cuts that you're planning to do inland?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Blake, this is Lane. And the way I'll answer that is, today we have positive economics in the Mid-Con. Obviously, the region is landlocked. So, we get into seasonal product containments potentially in sort of the fourth quarter and first quarter if that happens about every year.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert with Simmons & Company.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: My question is on summer grade gasoline. With the gasoline inventory overhang that we've got, are you worried about moving your summer grade gasoline at a premium? Are you concerned that that might compress as we get closer to the end of the summer driving season? We've heard some discussion about already shifting to winter grade gasoline production. Does that make any sense?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Jeff. This is Gary. I don't think there's really a concern on being able to clear out the overhang of the summer grade spec gasoline and moving it out to the market. And, I guess, to your second comment, yes, we are hearing that there are people starting to put some winter grade gasoline into some of the markets, especially into the Harbor.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: And secondly, you reported, I think, record light product yield gasoline yield. We saw 49.3%, up 1.3% year-on-year. Industry to DOE stats show it up maybe slightly more than that. What would you attribute the increase in gasoline yield to in the second quarter? What were the primary factors?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey. So, Jeff, this is Lane. I would say, we've been in a strong maximum gasoline signal for the most part, up until about a month ago. And so, our assets, we just had them pointed to try to make as much gasoline as possible. When you compare it year-over-year, there were times last year we maybe didn't have a strong signal to maximize our reformers as much as we have this year and it's really the naphtha discount. But I would just say that's sort of the year-over-year difference.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thanks for your comments.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Good morning. You shouted out on the front page ample supplies of medium and heavy sour crude, obviously which your system can process better than others. Is that a comment about the sort of OPEC barrels? Or are you seeing things like in Venezuela, I mean as they run out of power, are they having to puke out some sort of real heavy rubbish at cheap discounts that you can run and others can't?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: I think we see good supplies in the Middle East, South America and Canada, as well. I don't know that we've seen a lot in terms of change in behavior from Venezuela. We continue to see good supply and will from Venezuela. The grades are a little bit different, so we see a lot more what we call diluted crude oil, or DCO, and less of some of the synthetic barrels (36:01) that type of thing. That's the only change that we've seen.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. But presumably those DCOs, you can run through your system at a better economics than the synthetic barrels?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yes, typically. They have more difficulty placing the DCO than they would a synthetic barrel.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That makes sense. Okay, and then a separate question. With the cash pile plus organic free cash flow, we'll obviously see how refining works out in the second half. And your inventory in VLP, a question about sort of how you plan to kind of grow the EBITDA inventory that you could then subsequently drop down into VLP. Obviously, you're doing $500 million to $750 million of dropdowns, but should we think of that number being the same number as how you want to grow the top of the funnel of logistics inventory at the parent? I'm trying to think about sort of medium-term CapEx allocation to logistics.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. No, and that's a good question. So, we have a lot of activity underway right now, both for kind of organic projects, which tend to be smaller in their nature, but also some opportunity to acquire assets, really to extend the supply chain into – in all of our refineries. And so, Ed, we made it a point really not to get out over our skis and talk about the specific opportunities until we were comfortable how the business case looked and really to firm up the opportunity. But we do have a lot going on. So we are focused on continuing to expand the logistics side of the business, and obviously those assets would be those that support the system would bring to VLP some third party volumes, and then continue to expand the dropdown inventory.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: I had a couple of questions which actually were the first questions asked about half-an-hour ago. So, I appreciate the details. I was going to ask about RINs. I just wanted – as a follow-up, is there an alternate strategy if the lawsuit fails? I mean, what really is the next recourse after that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, Paul, the obvious operating strategy is to try to go ahead and continue to find ways to blend more, right? So, expansion of our wholesale marketing business is something that we've got a key eye on. Obviously acquiring terminaling assets would provide that opportunity. And then continuing to try to build the export markets to try to alleviate some of the burden of the RIN. Those are all things that we look at regularly and really ongoing. Other than that, you just continue to bang away on the rock and you try to get people to recognize the fact that the system that we have today is broken, that it is creating windfalls for some and it's creating disadvantages for others, and the playing field isn't level. And I can tell you that based on the conversations that we have, there's an understanding of this issue and there's an understanding that the RFS isn't intending what it was intended to do, which was increase the amount of biofuels blended. And we believe that that's caused by the structural problem that we've talked about earlier. So we're not going to give up the fight. We'll continue to push it, both from a regulatory and a legislative perspective, and then from an operating perspective.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yep, understood. Good luck with that. And then the other one was again pretty much the first question you answered, which is regarding the market environment. If the demand is higher this year than last year in the U.S., is it a function of extra refineries being added, do you think, globally new capacity? Or is it more that the competitive advantage of the Atlantic Basin non-U.S. refiners has improved and therefore they're running stronger, or I would imagine it's a combination of both, but any sort of market commentary you have on that would be great? Thanks.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yeah, I would say a lot of it is really more a result of utilization, especially utilization in periods where typically we see refineries cut. So as I talked about, typically you get refineries cutting in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, and this year we saw refineries running very high utilization rates. And a lot of that was just due to the steep contango that was in the market.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, understood. And then finally from me, the demand side, it seems to be sort of being revised lower in the U.S. Is that a concern for you guys? Do you think that the demand is being overstated or do you really think that this is a supply problem? Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I can just comment on what we're seeing through our wholesale demand domestically, and we're seeing good demand through that wholesale channel. So, year-over-year, our gasoline volumes through wholesale are up 3%, and even on the distillate side, we're moving about 1% more through the wholesale channel of diesel than what we did last year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, Joe. Just going back to the question that Jeff Dietert asked on the sort of switching from summer grade to winter grade and people already putting gasoline in inventory for the winter. Do you think that's a risk or do you think this is a one-off that hopefully we don't carry this excess inventory from the summer into the winter?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It certainly is a risk. It's always a risk that's out there and will depend on what the market structure is, but I think after we've gone through this period where the market's been weaker this year, I don't think it's as great a risk as what we saw in the winter where people were storing the summer grade.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got you. And then, just with the outages in Canada that we saw over the summer, early in the summer. Have you seen those volumes completely recover and how are you dealing with that disruption, and how is that evolving as production ramps back up for you guys?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yeah, so I think for us, on the Canadian heavy side, we pretty much are seeing all the volume back available to us. And the Canadian heavy barrels are being priced very competitively versus either another heavy sour alternative or medium sour alternative. So I would say that we've fully recovered from those fires so far.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Chi Chow with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, Joe. This question may be the same as Paul's, couple questions ago. But just this RIN issue is kind of cropping back up this year. Do you think there's any vulnerability to the merchant refining model that you have longer term, given the RIN issue or anything else that may be out there?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it would probably be hard to say that the RIN was helpful to the merchant refining model. Okay? Obviously, it's not. But then you get into what are the options for dealing with it, and I think I mentioned those earlier, Chi. Specifically from Valero's perspective, the retail marketing business isn't something that's currently on our radar screen. We believe there's better ways to deal with the issue. And so I really don't have anything to add to that, but I think certainly it's an issue that we're working very hard to deal with because it does. It puts an expense on the merchant refiner that he shouldn't be bearing today. And so that creates a real problem. It creates an unlevel playing field in the marketplace, and that's never good. So, anyway, we'll continue to address it the way we are.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Joe, for those thoughts. Maybe a question on Aruba. There's been a lot of industry chatter about Venezuela's interest in Aruba lately. But you've written the whole asset off at this point. So are you suggesting that there's no option going forward to sell or transfer the plant to another operator?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm looking at Jay to see what we say about this.
Jay D. Browning - Executive Vice President & General Counsel: The option to transfer, it's still there. I mean, it's just a function of the financial requirements we've chosen to write off.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. So you can still transfer, but for free basically, is that kind of what you're signaling?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I guess so.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks for that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Chi.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just a follow-up to Jeff's question a little while ago on yield. Lane, you mentioned the system's been running at maximum gasoline yield for quite a while now, and I think there was maybe an implication which you said that you're not running quite at maximum gasoline anymore. I'm curious just how you're thinking about your yield decisions these days. I would assume that given the incentives in the market at the moment, you're probably running a little more distillate, with more of a distillate focus than you had been, but how are you thinking about making catalyst decisions and so on that affect the next 18 months, 24 months?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: So, we are currently in, I would say, max-jet mode, so the decision you make there is between our cut point between jet and naphtha. And naphtha shows up in our sort of our overall results as a gasoline although it's not really. We export it. For maximizing jet – we're still actually maximizing gasoline is the next step, and it's largely due to butane blending economics. And it has to do with what we would call the swing cut (46:29) between the heavy part of cat gasoline and LTO and there's drilling (46:34) economics as well, to bring butane into the pull, so that's how we're postured today. But we're very close on all these things just because of where the relative cracks are. In terms of catalyst choices, FCCs, we can change relatively quickly. I would say, if we want – most of the time there we make a decision on whether we want to try to fill our alkylation capacity catalytically with like VSM5 (46:58) and not run as much rate. And that's normally what we do in the winter, and we're certainly looking at that, and I would be surprised if we didn't end up there. And on hydrocrackers, every three years we make that decision and that really is a choice between – it's not really gasoline and diesel in our hydrocrackers, it's really naphtha and diesel. And so we're still biased on the side of making distillate out of our big hydrocrackers.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks for that color. And then I was curious if you could talk a little bit about the results in the North Atlantic this quarter. The indicator was up $3 sequentially, but the margin was down. What were the contributing factors to the performance?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Brad, this is Gary. I would tell you that the big factor that we saw there, if you're looking year-over-year, was our feedstock costs. So as you're aware, last year we had a pretty good incentive to move U.S. Gulf Coast barrels to Quebec, and we had a very good feedstock advantage doing that, but with the Brent TIR coming in, we lost a lot of that advantage, and it's impacted our North Atlantic Basin results.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Is that an yard (48:11) that you're still taking advantage of in the first quarter? I'm just thinking about it on a sequential basis versus the first quarter and the margin was down as well.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so – yeah, so we move an occasional cargo to Quebec. But even when we're moving it, it's not near the margin that we saw last year when the yard (48:32) was much wider.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Spiro Dounis with UBS.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones, hopefully. First, just on the OpEx. Figures are pretty strong this quarter, despite I guess slightly lower utilization. I guess just wondering how repeatable that is. I know next quarter it sounds like going to tick up a bit just given the turnarounds. But beyond that, just wondering if there is sort of belt-tightening going on and how much more we could see of that?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: So, this is Lane. We're always belt-tightening. I mean, we run our business very disciplined, we're always very attentive to all of our costs, and that's just the way we run our business. I would say our throughput is largely drive the – when you sort of compare quarter-to-quarter, year over year, it has to do with what our relative throughputs were through that timeframe that affects things, and obviously natural gas has a big hand in this. But those are really the two. When you start really looking at our – at least our cash operating expenses, it's really the energy and it has to do with our throughput.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. That makes sense. And then just second one, seems like West Coast was a bit of a bright spot over the last quarter both on margins and cost. And I guess just focusing on margins, I guess how sustainable is that? I guess, over the last few weeks, they've come in a bit, but I know driving in the West Coast has been pretty strong and seems like demand there is pretty strong. And on top of that, I think some of the stockpile levels are a bit better than the rest of the U.S. I'm just wondering how you're viewing that market.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yeah, I think we feel pretty good about the West Coast. It's a unique grade of gasoline in that market, so it limits some of the stockpiling of barrels, and certainly with the increased demand, the production – the supply/demand balance is much tighter than it used to be.
Spiro M. Dounis - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And thank you. We have a follow-up question from Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. This is for Gary and Lane. When you decide whether you want to stretch the yield between distillate and gasoline, do you looking at the spot economic or that you also take into consideration of the future curve?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Do you want to take that one?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: I would say we do a combination of both, Paul. As you look, we certainly – we're making cut-points decision, it's more done on a spot economic basis. But when you talk about catalyst changes, then we're looking more – using the forward curve for those type of decisions.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, just for the cut of the temperature and that would be just on the spot. You won't be looking at, say, the next two months or three months what is the futures curve may suggest?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: It comes into play, but for the most part, we're looking at spot economics on making cut point changes because we can do that day to day in our refining system.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And a final one, if I may. Maybe this is either for Lane and Gary also. If I'm looking at – if the third quarter market conditions would be extended the same as the second quarter, given your expectation of your runs, should we assume that your margin capture rate versus your Valero index would be roughly about the same or that is something that we should be consider?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Paul, this is Lane. I would say it's going to be roughly the same with the exception of where feedstocks are. I mean, that's really the only real major variable in terms of our capture rates. We'll start into butane blending at the end of the third quarter. That will affect it a little bit, as well.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But that it won't start until September, right? The butane blending. The butane blending won't start until September, I presume?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Right. And then – but it'll – so there'll be a little bit of that impact. And the other one is, we do – as we've said earlier, we've disclosed that we have a big turnaround at the Gulf (52:44) in our Port Arthur refinery starting in the third quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is that a full planned turnaround?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Over the course of the timeframe, most of the refineries, with the exception of – of our conversion units, will all be down. But it's really the crude and coking complex that will be coming down.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to John Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Thank you, Vanessa. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Please contact Karen Ngo or me if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering Martin Parrish - Vice President-Alternative Fuels
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2016 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Bianca and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. John Locke. Mr. John (sic) [Mr. Locke] (00:21), you may begin.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter presented us with challenging markets with gasoline and diesel margins under pressure for most of the quarter. The bright spot was the performance of our team, as we continued to operate safely and reliably. What I'd like to do this morning is take a few minutes to discuss our strategic initiatives that we believe will continue to drive long-term value creation and then share some color on what we are singing in the markets. First, at the core of everything we do is a relentless focus on safety and reliability. Our dedication and persistence here is what keeps our people and community safe, our operations reliable, our cash operating costs the lowest among the peer group. Having low-cost operations is a major advantage in our industry where product margins can be quite volatile. As a disciplined operator, we are able to run profitably in a lower margin environment as experienced in the first quarter. Second, we apply discipline and rigor, as we evaluate and execute investments that will grow the profitability and competitiveness of our business for many years. The strategic plan that was approved by our board of directors last year included $2.6 billion of capital spending for 2016. Approximately $1 billion was allocated to strategic investments to drive long-term earnings growth. Third, we are committed to delivering value to stockholders by making the right investments in our business and returning cash to our stockholders. We demonstrated this in 2015 when we delivered the highest total stockholder return among our peers for both Valero and VLP. We expect VLP to continue to be well positioned to execute its distribution growth strategy through 2017 despite volatile capital markets. We also continue to keep an eye on M&A. We review opportunities and we have a list of targets that we consistently monitor. We consider M&A a discretionary use of cash, so there's a healthy tension when evaluating M&A opportunities versus other alternative uses. Of course, we can't comment specifically on M&A, but we are diligently reviewing opportunities. For cash returns in 2016, which is made up of dividends and buybacks, we've extended our 2015 payout target of 75% of net income. In January, we increased the quarterly dividend by 20% to $0.60 a share, but we remain focused on maintaining a dividend payout at the high end of our peer group. We're confident in Valero's ability to fund investments in future growth and to meet its payout target. Lastly, let me share some color on the current market. Already this year, we've been in a lot of conversations about various market topics including gasoline demand resurgence, octane strength, diesel length, domestic crude supply, and crude storage levels. As you know, markets for Valero's feedstocks and products are dynamic. Our high complexity refineries, system flexibility, advantage locations, and low cash cost operations enable us to maximize earnings under challenging market conditions. On the crude supply side, we are seeing more medium sour crudes coming into the market. As a result, we are seeing healthy medium and heavy sour crude discounts. We also have greater access to domestic sweet crudes with the logistics build out in the U.S., allowing domestic production to clear the Mid-Continent region and reach the large Gulf Coast refining center. On the demand side, continued GDP growth and low product prices should continue to support demand. In the U.S., we are seeing gasoline demand continue to grow. We are encouraged by increased vehicle miles traveled and double-digit percentage increases in SUV and truck purchases in the U.S. and key countries around the globe. Distillate demand globally was good, albeit in the U.S. it's been fairly flat. While distillate margins were pressured near term due to unseasonably warm weather in North America and Europe, distillate demand in Latin America remains robust. Overall, we still have structural refined product supply challenges in South America and the developing countries, which we don't expect to be resolved in the near term. With our low-cost Gulf Coast refining presence, we have the ability to compete in markets all over the globe. We also have the opportunity to optimize our system and supply in the Atlantic basin with our refineries in Wales and Québec City. In fact, we generated another quarter of solid distillate and gasoline export volumes. In summary, we still have significant crude supply, ample natural gas availability and growing global petroleum demand that's outpacing refining capacity additions. We don't see this changing anytime soon, so although the markets will be challenging at times, the longer term macro outlook remains favorable. So, with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Thank you, Joe. Moving on to the results, net income was $495 million or $1.05 per share for the first quarter of 2016. Excluding an after-tax lower of cost or market inventory valuation benefit of $212 million or $0.45 per share, we reported first quarter 2016 adjusted net income of $283 million or $0.60 per share. This compares to $964 million or $1.87 per share for the first quarter of 2015. For reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts, please refer to page six of the financial tables that accompany our release. Adjusted operating income for the refining segment in the first quarter of 2016 was $695 million or $946 million lower than in the first quarter of 2015. Margins were pressured downward primarily due to weaker distillate margins given high refinery run rates across the industry, product inventory builds and unseasonably warm weather. Other headwinds on refining margins included narrower domestic light sweet crude oil discounts versus the Brent benchmark, low fuel oil and petrochemical product margins, and elevated costs for RINs credits. Low crude oil prices continue to drive slowdowns in North American drilling and production, which coupled with an excess of pipeline takeaway capacity in the Mid-Continent region led to tighter discounts for crude oils relative to Brent. Low energy cost supported by robust North American natural gas production partly offset these factors. Our refineries operated at 96% throughput capacity utilization in the first quarter of 2016 and throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day, which was 169,000 barrels per day higher than in the first quarter of 2015. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.55 per barrel were $0.40 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2015 mostly due to higher throughput volumes and lower energy costs. The ethanol segment earned $9 million of adjusted operating income in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $12 million in the first quarter of 2015. The low crude oil and gasoline price environment challenged ethanol margins, but with the recent recovery in prices, ethanol margins had modestly improved to start the second quarter. For the first quarter of 2016, general and administrative expenses excluding corporate, depreciation were $156 million. Net interest expense was $108 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $485 million, and the effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2016 was 30%. The effective tax rate was lower than the first quarter of 2015 primarily due to higher relative earnings contribution from international operations with lower statutory tax rates. Regarding our balance sheet, at quarter end, we had $7.3 billion of total debt and $3.8 billion of cash and temporary cash investments, of which $102 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 20%. We had $5.5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash, of which $575 million was only available to VLP. Cash flows in the first quarter included $479 million of capital investments, of which $161 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. For 2016, we expect to invest $1.6 billion of capital to sustain the business and $1 billion for refining asset optimization and logistics to drive long-term earnings growth. With respect to our refining growth strategy, the new Corpus Christi crude unit, which was completed late last year, operated as planned and delivered approximately $35 million of EBITDA in the first quarter. We completed the St. Charles hydrocracker expansion in March, and the new Houston crude unit is on track to start up in the second quarter. The Houston alkylation project, which was approved in January, is now undergoing detailed engineering and procurement. Completion of the alkylation unit is expected in the first half of 2019. Moving to the financing activities, we returned $547 million in cash to our stockholders in the first quarter, which included $282 million in dividend payments and $265 million for the repurchase of 3.8 million shares of Valero common stock. We had $1.1 billion of remaining share repurchase authorization as of March 31, 2016. Our regular quarterly cash dividend is now $0.60 per share. We continue to target a payout of 75% of annual net income for 2016. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.59 million barrels per day to 1.64 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 barrels per day to 450,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 260,000 barrels per day to 280,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 450,000 barrels per day to 470,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses are estimated at approximately $3.75 per barrel for the second quarter. Based on today's market prices, we expect costs relating to meeting our biofuel blending obligations to be between $750 million and $850 million for 2016. This is primarily related to RINs in the U.S. The ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for depreciation and amortization. G&A expenses for the second quarter, excluding corporate depreciation, are expected to be approximately $165 million and net interest expense should be about $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense is estimated at $465 million and our effective tax rate is expected to be 31%. This concludes our opening remarks. Before we open the call to questions, we respectfully request that callers limit each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their question. If you have more than two questions, please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. From Goldman Sachs, we have Neil Mehta. Please go ahead, sir.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Joe, you made reference to seeing opportunities in the M&A market in your opening comments. Of course, recognize that you can't comment on anything specific but can you talk about either scale, large-scale or small-scale, or whether those opportunities are more midstream-focused versus refining focused?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Neil, I'll provide some color here in a second, but let me let Mike go ahead and speak to this.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Neil, we're looking at the opportunities that are available to us both on the refining and the midstream side. We do have a target list as Joe alluded in his comments. Some of those are corporate-related, some of those are asset-related. So, I can't provide any more specifics than that at this point.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Neil, when we look at these though, I mean obviously you want to try to find opportunities where you can buy good assets and where you can achieve synergies in it. And that's certainly true on the refining side. I'll just be honest right now, there's not a whole lot that's being shown to us, but we do have our target list and there are a few conversations that are taking place. Then on the M&A side, it's like Mike said, I think if you think in terms of the type of deal we're going to do, it's not likely going to be some kind of large corporate deal. It's not going to be a step-out deal, but it will be more asset-focused and perhaps in the context of a partnering arrangement with people that were looking at transactions or want somebody to share in their pipe. So nothing super hot right now, though.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate that, guys. And then secondly, on the distillate market, you made a reference to the fact that it is tough out there in terms of the margins for distillates. And part of that was weather, but part of it seems to be both supply and demand for the product. How do you see that going forward through the balance of the year and then can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the export market for distillate and if that's ultimately the flywheel that can help rebalance the market?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Okay, Neil. This is Gary. Yeah, I think what we've seen on distillate, we came out of winter with a lot of overhang in distillate inventory as you alluded to. And then on the demand side, you get into March and demand was way off and we've certainly seen for the past several weeks, demand continue to creep up. We've seen some good agricultural demand begin to kick in and so we've trended to where we're now more towards the five-year high, actually last week above the five-year high. So I think some of this demand will help clean up the inventory. And then also, you talked about the exports. We're seeing lot of good opportunities to export distillate as well, so the combination of the two of those things, I think, will help keep domestic inventories in check. Moving forward, I think as flat price continues to rise, you'll start to see some recovery in the upstream sector, which should improve distillate demand as well. But really we'll have to wait and see if we have a more normal winter this winter and that'll be a key driver in terms of what happens with the distillate fracks moving forward.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: From Howard Weil, we have Blake Fernandez. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Hey, guys. Good morning. I was hoping to get a little color on your thoughts around the drop-down targets. I believe you have a $1 billion target. I think year-to-date you've done about $240 million, but just in light of kind of some of the challenges we're seeing in the midstream, can you just share your thoughts around how you're thinking about that $1 billion target this year?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Blake, sure. This is Mike. Before we get into that target, though, let me start off by talking about the capital markets. VLP does not need to execute any drops to meet its 25% distribution growth through 2017. So VLP does not need to access the capital markets. That being said, we believe the capital markets, both debt and equity, are open for MLPs, particularly high-quality MLPs like VLP. The cost of issuing debt or equity, however, remains more expensive than historical levels. The good news was VLP is well positioned with strong distribution coverage and does not need access to the capital markets from this price environment. Therefore, we are going to revise our drop-down guidance to $500 million to $750 million. We can execute drops in this range without going to the capital markets. We are going to continue to prepare for $1 billion in drops and will be ready to execute $1 billion in drops if the capital markets improve. From a Valero Energy perspective, regardless of whether or not we drive $500 million or $1 billion worth of assets this year to VLP, this amount will not materially change our view on our payout guidance.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Okay. Thank you, Mike. That's helpful. The second question and this may tie in a little bit with Neil's M&A question, but the amount of, I guess, capital returned to shareholders, $547 million, is well above your adjusted earnings, so you're obviously well on track with that net income target. Obviously 1Q is a little weak, so maybe you see some improving earnings going forward? But I'm just curious if you were to identify some M&A opportunities, does that materially change your thought on this 75% net income target?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would only say that we would have to look at that at the time of the acquisition. I mean, if it was a huge acquisition that might require some equity, then obviously we'd have to rethink about the buyback target. But it's going to be – right now I'm going to say no, but depending on the size of it, it could.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Howard Weil: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: From Barclays, we have Paul Cheng. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think the first one is for Joe and maybe then for Mike actually. On the financial strategy, I mean are you guys actively looking at and evaluating opportunity on M&A? From that standpoint, Mike and Joe, should we be more maybe conservative on the bond shape and maybe put some of the free cash flow back on the cash so that you will be ready when the opportunities strike?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Our balance sheet, Paul, is very, very strong. We want to keep it that way, but it's very strong. I think right now rather than building cash, we're going to continue to look for opportunities to grow our business and our EPS.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, you know, Paul, I mean you saw the cash balance that we've got. As Mike said, our leverage levels are very low. We came through a tough quarter with this balance sheet. So I think we are pretty well positioned and I would tell you, though, if there was a significant M&A transaction out there, we would do the right thing as you would expect us to do and perhaps build some cash before we executed the transaction.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. The second question, maybe this is for either Gary or Lane. In the first quarter, your system-wide margin capture rate versus your benchmark is about 62%. In the first quarter last year, it's about 70%, and your average in 2015, 2014 is about 72% and 67%. So, just curious that in the first quarter this year, there much lower margin capture rate. How much is related to just the different pricing environment in the macro fund and how much is related to more company-specific reason? Any kind of insight would be great.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Hey, Paul, this is Gary. I can start with, I guess it's hard to go into a lot of detail on the capture rates here, so certainly invite you to follow up with Karen and John after the call, but on some high-level things, I can tell you in terms of volume variance, there really wasn't a negative impact on volume variance for refineries. Actually, we would show that the volume variance was slightly positive for the quarter. So, what you are seeing on the capture rates is all market-driven. At a high level, there's a few things I would point to. The higher cost RINs certainly had an impact on our capture rates. The butane differential, the gasoline was much more narrow in the first quarter than what we saw last year that had an impact on the capture rates. In the North Atlantic basin, when you look at our crude cost relative to Brent, the narrower Brent-TI arb impacted our crude cost most importantly at Québec. Also the Western Canadian crudes, the Syncrudes were more expensive in the first quarter, so the volumes coming off Line 9, so we had a crude cost impact to our North Atlantic basin system. And the only thing that's really operationally we had the Benecia cat down on the West Coast for a planned turnaround, and so our capture rates there were down a little bit as well, but those are some of the real key factors.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Gary, can I have a quick follow-up. On the second quarter, your turnaround activity, is it focusing on the conversion unit or that is crude unit?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, Paul, this is Lane. We don't give second quarter guidance with respect to what kind of capacity we'll have in turnaround, so.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Will do. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Phil Gresh. Please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Phil.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First question on the Gulf Coast, your crude slate clearly shifted more towards mediums. On your slide deck, you have given a range historically for heavies of about 24% to 37% over time, and you were at the low end of that range 24% in the first quarter. That's actually down year-over-year, so I know you talked about the medium and heavy discounts becoming available. Were there any one-time factors that led you to have actually lower heavies in the quarter or just generally how are you thinking about crude slate as we progress through the year?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Phil, this is Gary. A couple of things, the way we report our results, we have the heavy sour crudes shown, but we also have a category we show resids, and some of those resids are actually replacements for heavy sour crudes in our system. We run the resids through our crude unit, and so where the heavy sour crudes were down, actually the resids we processed were up. So there really wasn't a significant difference in the amount of heavy sour crude we ran in the first quarter. In terms of the range, some of the things that we talk about, it's not just the discounts that we are looking at, there is a rate lever associated with really pushing heavy sour crudes in our system. If we want to maximize heavy sour crudes, they generally mean we are running at lower throughput, so we have to look at the discounts and also where the crack spreads are, and then we do that optimization.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Follow-up question just on the M&A front. With respect to refining to the extent you are looking there, could you just remind us how you think about regionally where you'd want to be adding exposure?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, if you look at areas that we feel that we could grow, okay, and I'm doing this from just historical looks at different assets and how the FTC might view something, the West Coast, California in particular, will be very, very difficult for us. We are not really focused there. The East Coast, we've exited and so we're not interested there. The Mid-Con, I think we would be good to go on transactions and we'd be interested in there and then of course U.S. Gulf Coast. And when we look at the acquisitions, we look at them from a perspective of where can we create the greatest synergies. And with the portfolio of assets that we have in the U.S. Golf Coast, we believe that we can create synergies around feedstocks and product movements there perhaps better than anywhere else now. So, that would be the U.S. side. If we go over to Europe, I think we'd be interested in assets in markets like the UK where we've got a presence today and we could bolt something on and support it out of the London office. We're not interested in a lot of the countries in Western Europe just because of the nature of the assets and then the issues that go along with owning assets in those markets. And then I really think from our perspective, the Far East is off the table. So, in a nutshell, the U.S. Gulf Coast would be interesting, the Mid-Continent of the U.S. would be interesting, the UK would be interesting, and that would be our primary focus.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just sneak one last one in on RINs? Do you have what the actual RINs cost was in the first quarter of this year relative to first quarter of last year?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we probably do.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, $161 million versus $133 million last year.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Take care, Phil.
Operator: From Wells Fargo, we have Roger Read. Please go ahead, sir.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess let me jump into the gasoline demand, obviously positive comments to start it off. Now that we're getting into the early part of summer driving season, summer grade gasoline, how is the octane market shaping up? Are we seeing significant supplies, any shortages in any particular regions? And just how you look at that as we roll through the rest of the second quarter?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Hey, Roger. This is Gary. I think we're seeing a very similar situation in regards to octane what we've seen the last couple of years. Octane's starting to get tight, so we saw the regrade in the Mid-Continent strengthen significantly. The premium regrade on the West Coast has also strengthened considerably in the last couple of weeks, so I think the industry's short of octane and we'll see similar regrades to what we've been seeing in the past few years.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, no reason to think there's any sort of surplus octane out there at all at this point?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: It doesn't appear that way to me.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on your comment on the diesel demand side, underpinned by the agricultural seasonality. I assume that backs off somewhat as we roll into the middle of the summer. Do you see any other places in the market where demand has picked up or has at least solidified versus where it was in the wintertime?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: I think going forward the thing we're looking at is our exports. And so you look to us and yesterday the JBC global refining margin showed Northwest Europe simple capacity at like $0.23 margin, so it doesn't take diesel falling off much before some of that low complexity capacity has to cut and as they cut, it'll open up even greater opportunities for us to export our barrels moving forward.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thank you.
Operator: From Wolfe Research, we have Paul Sankey. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone. I'm not quite sure what I was called just there and I'm not going to repeat it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, it's better than probably some of the things you've been called.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks, Joe. Appreciate that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Just kidding. (30:42) All right, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Joe, you came in as CEO very clearly talking about cash return, a big jump in the dividend. I'm not quite sure why today you're suddenly saying you're going to buy stuff. If I missed something, is that mostly for VLP that you're talking about or is this a change in tone? And further to that, the macro follow-up, it seems like we got a really good environment in terms of demand and everything else out there, particularly for you guys with the heavy/light spreads and stuff, heavy sour. Why are margins not better and is that related to oversupply, do you think, which would further underline that you wouldn't want to be growing in this market? You would want to be shrinking. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, I'll go first. You know, Paul, I'd say M&A is something that we've had in our capital allocation framework for the last two years and that really hasn't changed. Now it seems like you and your peers are the ones that are interested in that perhaps more than we are. When we look at our approach to trying to drive EPS growth over the next three years to five years, it's really multifaceted and it includes growth investments in refining and midstream. We also look at M&A and we look at share repurchases and we've got a really good pipeline of refining projects that are under development. Now we don't want to get out over our skis, so we don't really discuss the specifics on these projects that are in development until we've gone further down the approval process. But we do have a bunch of great projects that exceed the 25% IRR hurdle rate that we've talked about and we'll try to do as many of those projects as we find. Midstream investments are of interest. They've got a lower hurdle rate, as you would expect, but they will drive earnings growth through optimization, so these are critical to us also. Then when we look at the discretionary uses of cash, M&A fits into that category for us. And really what I just want to communicate on that is that the assets that we would look at there, Paul, would be those that create synergy and would be accretive to the company. We've got a great portfolio today and we do have that tension between the use – the discretionary use of cash via this framework that we put in place and we are not going to do an acquisition, and that's why you've seen we haven't pulled the trigger, we're not going to do an acquisition if we believe it's more accretive to do a share repurchase. So anyway return of cash to shareholders hasn't lost its priority at all from our perspective. It's just we are looking at that, growth projects and M&A as a competitive use of funds. So, with that, Gary, you want to answer the (30:47)?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: (30:48)
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Well, I guess, Joe, just to quickly throw in a follow-up. You're still running with the share of net income target paid out, I guess?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. That's right.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And then, do we think – are we oversupplied in this market? Is that why margins are not better for what should be seemingly a much better environment?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, I think so. You have a couple of key factors. We keep pointing down the distillate side. The warmer weather in the United States and Northwest Europe certainly hindered these demands coming through the winter and so it created this overhang we are living with today. I think the other thing that happened is the combination of relatively strong frack spreads in December and January incentivized higher utilization than what we typically see. In combination, the strong carry in the market and refiners that typically aren't running high utilizations in December and January, running high utilizations and selling their product forward, so those things kind of all contributed to build some inventory and it will just take us a little while to work that inventory off.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Very quick follow-up. Could you just update us on the impact what you're seeing in Venezuela in terms of if there is impact there and what sort of lost volumes there are? And I'll leave it at there. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, so, Venezuela was very important piece of our crude supply situation. We've had a very good longstanding relationship with PDVSA. What we've seen is we really haven't seen a decrease in oil coming out of the country. What we have seen is with some of the rolling power outages that they've had, that the grades of oil are changing so we are seeing a greater percentage of diluted crude oils and less of some of the synthetic crude oils into our system, but our system is robust enough to be able to absorb that, so we buy those barrels and continue to run them into our system.
Operator: From Simmons, we have Jeff Dietert. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Joe, in your initial comments, you talked about seeing more medium sours on the market and we are seeing that roll through the DoE statistics historically for January and February. I was hoping you could comment on some of the recent press releases that have highlighted increased supply coming out of Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and some of the other Middle Eastern countries. Are you seeing increases of volumes coming from the Middle East coming into the market?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Jeff. Let Gary answer this. He's in the market every day.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Jeff, so we certainly are seeing that. I think on the Iranian barrels, of course we don't run any Iranian barrels, but what we've seen there is kind of some rebalancing in the market, so some of those barrels are making their way into Europe and we're seeing some of the Russian Urals come back into the U.S. market that we haven't seen here for a while. And then, yes, we are certainly seeing a lot more Saudi barrels flowing this way. We had decreased our Saudi volumes, but as they continue to put barrels on the market and they are competitive, we are ramping those back up on our system as well.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: And are you seeing a shift towards an increase in imported crude versus domestic crude? Just kind of confirming. U.S. Lower 48 volumes down 670,000 barrels a day from peak and imports increasing, it seems most of that is Middle East, LAM, and Canada.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yes, I agree. What you're really seeing is a substitution somewhat of domestic light sweet for Middle East medium sours. We've seen sometimes where the arb is opened to import foreign light sweets, but that doesn't seem open very long. Same way. There is an occasional pop where the market goes, where incentivized exports of U.S. crude, but again that doesn't seem to last very long. The big switch has been a domestic light sweet for a Middle East medium sour.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Thanks for your comments.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: From Citigroup, we have Faisel Khan. Please go ahead.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah, good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi Faisel.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Just two questions. First on the gasoline margins, the realized margins between the Gulf Coast, Mid-Atlantic – or sorry, Mid-Continent, if I look at the markers for the quarter, certainly in the Mid-Continent, the diesel and gasoline minus TI margins were higher than the Gulf Coast gasoline and ULSD minus Brent margins, but the realized margins in the Gulf Coast are much higher, so I just want to make sure I understand sort of what's taking place there with the Gulf Coast realized margins being higher versus the Mid-Continent despite the product market being more profitable in the Mid-Continent, and I know you guys had some run cuts.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: So, are you looking on a comparative basis quarter-over-quarter or are you just...?
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): No. Just in the quarter between regions. The Mid-Continent gasoline minus TI crack was stronger than the Gulf Coast gasoline minus Brent crack, but on a realized basis, it was still much stronger in the Gulf Coast than the Mid-Continent.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, so, I would say probably the key thing that contributed to that is that the Mid-Continent just had very, very high inventories. And so, in order to move product out over our wholesale racks, we were actually having to discount product in order to clear the refineries and so it lowered our realized kind of crack capture.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that makes sense. And then on light/heavy differentials, it looks like recently, just in the last week or two, the differentials sort of narrowed a little bit. Just wondering what you're seeing there despite sort of the talk of more availability of heavy sour crudes in the market.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, I think the thing that happened there is really the K and the Maya formula changed, and at the same time it changed, the Brent-TI arb came in and fuel oil strengthened a little bit, and so it really made it to where Maya isn't pricing competitive with medium sour alternatives or really even pricing competitive with Canadian alternatives into the Gulf, which tells me the Maya formula is going to have to change again and the Maya discount will have to widen going forward.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Makes sense. Thanks for the time, guys.
Operator: From Tudor, Pickering, Holt, we have Chi Chow on the line. Please go ahead.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi. Your throughput guidance for 2Q felt a little bit light across all the regions. Was that turnaround-related or more economic-related decisions?
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Yeah, Chi, this is John. We can't talk about forward turnarounds, but I mean we take a view of turnaround activity and then also markets to plan our throughputs.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then I am not exactly sure this is an M&A question specifically or more a broader U.S. market question, but it feels like the breakup of Motiva is potentially a significant development in the domestic downstream market. Kind of how do you assess these opportunities and maybe even the risk associated with that event?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, okay. I don't know that I've assessed it the way you're asking. I mean we understand that they had a partnership that they wanted to both exit and they decided to do that. I think Saudi is pleased with the assets that they got in the deal and Shell is pleased with the assets that they have in the deal, and that's really all we know about that one to be quite honest. I do not view this transaction, though, as a precursor to a whole series of other major similar type of transactions in the U.S., Chi. I just don't – we're not hearing it and we're not seeing it.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Do you think Aramco is looking to take more refining capacity here? And will the government even allow that, do you think?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I can't – I'd only be speculating and I really don't have an opinion on it. Again, I think they'd have to find something that was for sale if they wanted to engage and I just don't know if there's a significant portfolio of assets out there that they could get into.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks, Joe. Appreciate that.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet. Sorry, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Yeah, no. It's...
Operator: From Cowen & Company, we have Sam Margolin. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, on U.S. crude exports, you touched on it for a second, windows not open all that often. But you're still seeing some upstream companies talk about it. There've been a couple of press releases. Have you seen any effect? And I ask in the context of the Corpus Christi topper, which sounds like it had a pretty good result in the quarter and doesn't seem really affected by either diffs or single cargoes exiting the Gulf whenever temporary windows open.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, this is Gary again. I don't think we've really seen any significant impact of the exports on any of our operations.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And that's sort of like – so the topper performance is essentially in line, you think, sort of operating with expectations in the current environment? Are there any commodity factors that are dynamic that affect that, if it's not differentials?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, Sam. This is Lane. We started up in December our funding investment decision, which was about $150 million of EBITDA. If you use 2015 pricing, it made about $200 million and if you look at the last quarter, we're estimating it contributed about $35 million. So it's in line with our funding decision, and then Gary spoke to the market on it, so that's where the project sort of fits.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Any other factors that are affecting it?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Well, you have commodity risk all over the place. I think when we analyze a project, the one that we always stare at the most is naphtha. The Gulf has long naphtha with crude in it backed out resid purchases and so we always have a keen eye on the placement of naphtha that's created due to both of these projects, both the Corpus Christi and the Houston crudes. That's where I would say the greatest commodity risk is.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And I hate to harp on M&A because I recognize the opportunity to give color is limited, but I just wanted to touch on something you said about the Gulf Coast and ask about any regulatory elements we should know about. It sounds if the FTC is sort of pretty generous with these market share requirements or if it would be a little tougher?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Sam, I never really heard anybody use generous and FTC in the same context, but I would describe them as a very reasonable group quite honestly and we've had a lot of dealings with them over the years as we've done acquisitions. I believe that what they would look at not only for Valero but for anybody is your ability to restrict trade in a particular market. And because the Gulf Coast is so long and so oversupplied and the barrels tend to move throughout the U.S. and abroad, you're not going to run into a situation whereby having a more significant concentration in the Gulf Coast, you could run into a situation where you could manipulate markets, it just wouldn't be possible. So, anyway, I really don't think they'd have a problem with additional Gulf Coast exposure for Valero.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Ed Westlake. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, guys. Good morning. A couple of small ones. Just on the comment you said seeing a lot more OPEC barrels coming this way, is that a recent change or is that just a general comment around sort of the first quarter and market conditions? I'm just specifically thinking about the failure of Doha and whether that has sort of brought any more assertiveness into the marketing of these barrels to you given you're a big medium and heavy consumer?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: I think we have seen a strategic shift that the Saudis have made an effort to regain the market share they lost to a lot of the domestic crude producers and they're exporting a lot more barrels to the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we certainly saw that in the first quarter and we expect it will continue.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just then on the Gulf Coast, I mean you've got these toppers coming up, so that's adding to capacity and yet your sort of guidance was just a little bit soft. I mean just maybe is it the startup of those CDUs within the quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Throughput guidance.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Throughput guidance, yeah.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: So, Ed, I'll take a stab at this. I mean John sort of alluded to it. There's an – they're – both of the crude units are running in – the Corpus Christi crude unit is running in the second quarter and the Houston crude unit starts up in the second quarter. All the rest of the volume guidance is related to other activities and with our market outlook and the capacity that we plan to run with.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then on the RIN size, just we've obviously got the costs and we'll do the calculation, but are you drawing down any inventories? I mean folks are getting perhaps even more concerned about RIN prices into 2017 given the mandate and where your inventory position of the refining industry will be. Obviously there's an election between now and then, but maybe some color as to what – if everything was unchanged, what sort of inflation you might see in that RIN cost into 2017?
Martin Parrish - Vice President-Alternative Fuels: Yeah, this is Martin Parrish. I think a lot of it – there's quite a bit of stock to pull down on the RIN, so we'll see it and we still don't have clear sight of what's going to be called for in 2017. So I think right now it's a little early to say. It's been kind of remarkably stable for the last few months, RIN prices, so we'll see.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then final small one, you mentioned that you thought the waterborne octane components have been cleared up at this point. Maybe just some extra color, I mean we do hear anecdotes of (44:30) cargoes floating around, which would make limited sense to me.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah. So we heard the same thing, that there was a lot of cargoes, especially parked off New York Harbor. Our understanding is a lot of that has actually come in over the last couple of weeks. And as I mentioned, we're actually seeing the premium regrade start to widen, which kind of contradicts this idea that there is all this octane laying around.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. And typically it widens more in May, so we'll watch that closely. Okay. Thanks very much.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ed.
Operator: From RBC Capital Markets, we have Brad Heffern. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Brad.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Joe and I guess maybe for Gary too, in the opening remarks, you talked about how strong export – or product export demand has continued to be. Can you dive a little more into that? Have there been any changes in terms of where that demand is coming from and I'm sort of asking about specifically in the context of what seems to be weaker Latin American growth?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, Brad, this is Gary. So in the first quarter, we did 249,000 barrels a day of diesel. If you include jet and kerosene with that, we're up to 295,000 barrels a day. That was split with about 80% going to Latin America, 20% to Europe. During the first quarter, the arb to Europe was closed most of the first half of the first quarter. It opened back up and has remained opened, so I think you'll see a little more volume going to Europe but we're still seeing very good Latin America demand for diesel as well moving forward.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. And then maybe for Mike. Thinking about the cadence of CapEx, the first quarter number looked pretty light relative to where I expected it to be. And certainly on a run rate basis, it's not particularly close to the $2.6 billion annual guidance. Is there a reason to think that the CapEx is going to pick up throughout the year or are you guys running ahead?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Right now, the $2.6 billion is what we have in our forecast. On an annualized basis, obviously we're way short of that, but we're okay on the forecast.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, Brad. This is Lane. I'll give a little color on that. I mean the first quarter's always a little bit of a challenge. You're coming out of the holidays and you have weather to contend with. And so the first quarter for us, at least seasonally, is always light with respect to our CapEx. We'll spend some – we'll spend more than the run rate – than that rate second quarter and third quarter, and then it slows down again in the fourth quarter. And so that's where I would say the seasonality of the CapEx has been for our company.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: From Bank of America Merrill Lynch, we have Doug Leggate. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I was wondering if I was going to get squeezed in there or not. How're you doing, Joe?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good, Doug. You?
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Not too bad. Thank you. I got a couple; one micro and one specific. I guess it's a follow-up to Brad's question. Last year when margins, gasoline in particular, was extraordinary strong at the beginning of the year, European refiners were running pretty hard. And I guess that, that dynamic is changing quite a bit. Given your European footprint or your Pembroke exposure, I'm just curious as to what you're seeing there. Is the distillate market starting to tighten up a little bit, at least in terms of what your prior comments were about the potential for export reopening?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, so we've seen the arb to export diesel to Europe open since midway through the first quarter. It remains open today and we are seeing good demand for European quality distillate in our system.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I guess what I'm getting at, are you seeing refinery runs – is that translating to lower production in the region? At least that's what we're seeing. I just wanted to see if it was showing up on your markets as well locally.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President-Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization: Yeah, so I think what you're – at least my view of where they are in Northwest Europe, the refineries that are cutting are primarily refineries that are producing fuel oil because fuel oil is so discounted today. Pembroke is a pretty high conversion refinery, so we're seeing production remain very high at Pembroke.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Two quick follow-ups, if I may. So the first one, I'm afraid, is M&A as well. Just very curious, Joe, you mentioned Europe. I mean European markets traditionally have not been anywhere near as seasonal or healthy, if you like, as the U.S. How would you characterize the opportunity set that you see there or was it just a passing comment?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's more of a passing comment. I would say very limited. But I don't want to tell you we would never look at a UK refinery and then we show up in some point in time and do it, and you remind me of it. But I mean, Doug, you know those markets. I mean frankly, we've said this for years that – and we got a gem in Pembroke. And back to your first question, all the diesel that's produced at Pembroke moves inland, most of the gasoline. And so we've got a fairly unique footprint there in that we're able to supply the domestic markets in Ireland in a very efficient way. So we really like that. We could find a similar type of asset in a market that was similar, okay, and when I say that, I really am thinking primarily of the UK. Well, I think we'd consider it. Now, are we having active conversations on anything like that? No. But would we want to move into France, Spain, Italy or the Med? The answer would be no. So it's more of a passing comment. But we tell you guys we're looking at everything that's out there and we do that because we're always looking for opportunities to continue to grow the EPS. But again, we're very pleased with the portfolio that we have and we can create significant income with it. So we don't feel desperate to do anything in that M&A market. Certainly, again, it's in competition for all the other good uses of cash that we have.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Unrelated, I guess my follow-up is for Mike. Mike, the tax – or the cash received for the drop-down relative to the price agreed. How should we think about the after-tax proceeds versus your slightly lower drop-down target?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I would think, I mean we're going to continue to look at each of the drops, as we come up on them in this course, as far as how we want the financing we do to mitigate taxes. I think it would probably be on this next drop similar of a cash tax – after-tax cash as (50:58).
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Doug, looking longer term and this is just the reality of it, a lot of the logistics assets that would be dropped are going to – they got zero tax basis, and so I think for a long time when everybody was looking at 10-time multiples, 11-time multiples on these drop transactions with all that cash flowing back in, we were really overstating the actual cash that would be coming back into the sponsor, and so the reality of it is we are not changing the portfolio of assets that we have to drop. We're really looking at the drop structure and doing it as efficiently as we can. Again, Mike mentioned earlier that we think the capital markets are certainly there, but it's a little bit expensive to go to the public markets today. We don't have a gun to our head to do something because we've got the distribution covered for two years with the cash flow stream that we have today. And all the things that you mentioned earlier, I think we are in a very, very strong position here and we can take our time and time to market and be patient in doing this and whether we do $500 million or $750 million now and then we will start talking about next year what we are going to do, we are going to continue to grow the LP, we are going to continue to drop, I think we're just waiting to see if things don't improve a bit and certainly higher crude prices should take some of this pressure off if we see the crude markets move up and we should be in a good place going forward.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate all your comments, Joe, and your patience with all our M&A questions this morning. Thanks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No problem.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Locke for closing remarks.
John Locke - Vice President–Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Bianca. We appreciate you all for joining us today. Please contact me or Karen Ngo if you have additional questions after the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - VP, Investor Relations Joe Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Mike Ciskowski - EVP, Chief Financial Officer Lane Riggs - EVP, Refining Operations and Engineering Gary Simmons - SVP, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization Rich Lashway - VP, Logistics Operations
Analysts: Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs ED Westlake - Credit Suisse Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Paul Cheng - Barclays Jeff Dietert - Simmons Roger Read - Wells Fargo Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering & Holt Faisel Khan - Citigroup Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Vikas Dwivedi - Macquarie Group
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports 2015 Fourth Quarter earnings conference call. My name is Yolanda, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. You may begin.
John Locke: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Well, thanks John, and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter and full year 2015 were really great for Valero. We operated safely and reliably achieving our lowest ever employee injury rate in refining and reaching an annual average refinery utilization rates of 95%. The markets were favorable during the quarter. Domestic product demand grew supported by lower pump prices and sour crude discounts relative to Brent were attractive to our highly complex refining system. While distillate margins were pressured during unseasonably warm weather in North America and Europe, distillate demand in Latin America remained robust. In fact we exported record volumes of distillate and gasoline in the fourth quarter. We continue to execute well in our projects. In the quarter, we successfully commissioned the new Corpus Christi crude unit, the Port Arthur gas oil hydrocracker expansion and the McKee crude unit expansion. Our Quebec City refinery also began receiving crude via Enbridge’s Line 9B. We exercised our option with Plains All American to acquire a 50% interest in the Diamond crude oil pipeline project. Once completed this project will connect Cushing with Memphis and provide us with crude optionality and long-term cost savings versus sourcing crude oil from St. James. Additionally, Valero Energy Partners continue to execute its growth strategy and Valero GP’s interest in VLP reached the high splits with the distribution increase we announced earlier this week. We also continued to advance our refining growth strategy. Construction of the Houston crude unit remains on schedule with start-up planned in the second quarter of 2016. And earlier this month, our Board of Directors approved the Houston Appalachian project. This project is estimated to cost $300 million and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2019. And finally regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 80% of our 2015 adjusted net income exceeding the 75% annual payout target. Further demonstrating our belief of Valero’s earnings potential, last week our Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the regular quarterly dividend $.60 per share or $2.40 annually. With that John, I’ll hand it back over to you.
John Locke: Okay, thank you Joe. Moving on to the results, we reported fourth quarter 2015 adjusted net income from continuing operations of $862 million or $1.79 per share versus $952 million or $1.83 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. Actual net income from continuing operations was $298 million or $0.62 per share, which compares to $1.2 billion or $2.22 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. Please refer to the reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts as shown in the financial tables that accompany our release. For 2015, we reported adjusted net income from continuing operations of $4.6 billion or $9.24 per share compared to $3.5 billion or $6.68 per share for 2014. Actual net income from continuing operations was $4 billion or $7.99 per share in 2015 versus $3.7 billion or $6.97 per share in 2014. Fourth quarter 2015 refining segments adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion was in line with the fourth quarter of 2014. Stronger gasoline and other product margins combined with higher refining throughput volumes were offset by lower distillate and petrochemical margins and lower discount for sweet crude oils relative to Brent crude oil. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day which was 34,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2014. Our refineries operated at 97% throughput capacity utilization in the fourth quarter of 2015. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.47 per barrel were $0.29 per barrel lower than the fourth quarter of 2014, largely driven by favorable property tax settlements and reserve adjustments and lower energy cost. The Ethanol segment generated $37 million of adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus $154 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 due primarily to lower gross margin per gallon driven by a decline in ethanol prices versus relatively stable corn prices. For the fourth quarter of 2015, general and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $206 million and net interest expense was $107 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $494 million and the effective tax rate was 28% in the fourth quarter of 2015. The effective tax rate was lower than expected due primarily to a reduction in the statutory tax rate in the United Kingdom and the settlement of income tax audits in the United States. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $7.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.1 billion, of which $81 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 20%. We have a $5.6 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. The cash flows in the fourth quarter included $732 million of capital investments, of which $164 million was for turnarounds and catalysts, and $136 million was for our investment in the Diamond pipeline. For 2015 capital investment included $1.4 billion for stay-in business and $1 billion for growth. We returned $1 billion in cash for our stockholders in the fourth quarter which included $240 million in dividend payment and $767 million for the purchase of $11.1 million shares of Valero common stock. For 2015 we purchased 44.9 million shares for $2.8 billion. For 2016, we maintain our guidance of $2.6 billion for capital investments including turnarounds catalyst, joint venture and strategic investments. This consists of approximately $1.6 billion for stay-in business and $1 billion for growth. For modeling our first quarter operations we expect throughout volumes to fall within the following ranges. US Gulf Coast at 1.61 million to 1.66 million barrels per day, US Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day, US West Coast at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 465,000 to 485,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $3.85 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash cost, such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation for the first quarter to be around a $175 million and net interest expense should be about $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $470 million and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 32%. That concludes our opening remarks. Now before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request the callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their questions which are also important. If you have more than two questions please rejoin the queue as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Your line is open.
Blake Fernandez: Guys, good morning. Just a quick question on the alkylation unit. First, can you provide any kind of return expectations that you have for the project? And then secondly on the spending profile, it looks like your CapEx guidance in the 2016 is about the same as it was before. So, I’m just kind of confirming that most of the spending probably is weighted towards 2017 and 2018?
Lane Riggs: Well, hey, Blake, this is Lane. Yes, the Board approved the alkylation unit [normally] [ph] about $300 million, the [indiscernible] EBITDA is about $105 million, if you use 2015 prices it would be about $140 million EBITDA. With respect to the budget we, when you look at our original - when we gave out the 2016 guidance on our budget for this year two years ago, it’s up about a $100 million and it’s normally the Port Arthur turnaround. We have little more turnaround than we had in our outlook was two years ago, but certainly and then all the rest of it, the alky is clearly fitting inside our $100 billion a year strategic capital, it’s normally about $100 million a year and it is back-weighted like you said towards 2017 and 2018.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, Lane. Secondly, just maybe if you don’t mind sharing some thoughts around light heavy spreads into 2016 and I guess what I am thinking especially in light of Iranian barrels coming to market that could potentially displace some other barrels globally, seems like maybe that would have an indirect benefit to Valero given your - given your leverage to Gulf Coast in heavy processing?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Blake, this is Gary Simmons, you know overall, yes, we’ve seen very good spreads between the medium sours and light and heavy sours as well. And certainly the Iranian production coming online will put further pressure on those differentials. I think we see several things in the market, you know the increase in OPEC productions, putting medium sour barrels into the Gulf. You see Gulf of Mexico deep-water medium sour production rising at the same time we’re seeing some of the light sweet production falling off here in the United States so it’s leading to very good differentials. I think the other thing that you know, a fundamental shift is where fuel oil had been trading around 80% of Brent, it’s now trading around 60% of Brent, which should mean that, we would expect to see good medium sour and heavy sour differential throughout the year. I think the other thing for us, the Iranian production, of course we won’t be running any of those barrels, but we do think the market rebalances and make some additional heavy and medium grades available to us from Latin America.
Blake Fernandez: Great, thanks for the color, Gary. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Neil.
Neil Mehta: So Joe and Gary, you guys have a unique window into what’s happening from a product demand perspective, it’s one of the big debates in the oil markets right now. Can you talk about what the export markets look like from your perspective for diesel and gasoline, and then to piggy back off of that, you’ve seen four weeks now of these gasoline builds in the [BOEs] [ph], is that consistent with what you’re seeing on the ground?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, this is Gary. I think we continue to see very good export demand for our products, as Joe mentioned we had record volumes in the fourth quarter, we continue to see good demand for both distillate and gasoline abroad. Our rack volumes remain very strong; we’re moving a lot of products over the racks, have seen good domestic demand for our product as well. Certainly, I think when you get this early in the year it’s kind of hard to dissect the [BOE] [ph] data, we’ve seen large builds as well, some of the data does look a little suspect. I think we’ve seen a lot of weather issues in the Gulf, that our belief may have been that it hindered some of the waterborne barrels from being able to leave due to fog and weather that we have had in the Gulf. The Mississippi River flooding also has hindered some of the refiners along the river, their ability to clear those barrels as well. I think we’re just too early to really get a good view of what demand’s going to look like, but everything from us, our perspective looks good.
Joe Gorder: Yes. The fundamentals I think for strong demand are still there. There is no question about that, I mean we continue to have prices that are very attractive at the street and then there is a lot of data that’s coming out recently on vehicle miles traveled being up and also on, auto sales being skewed towards larger SUVs and light heavy trucks. So, again as Gary said, it seems like every January Neil we find ourselves in a situation where we’re looking at the year and everybody is trying to figure out, oh gee, is this over and is demand going to be totally eroded, and as he said I think it’s just a little early to tell, but fundamentally it looks like things should go well for us going forward.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate that. The second question Joe, this to you is, just the outlook for M&A and I think in the past you’ve said that you want to see that relative multiple between Valero and the Group move a little bit higher before you be more aggressive around M&A. So just your latest thoughts there and then also at the parent level and the also at the midstream level.
Joe Gorder: Okay, and Neil, we gave, we gave Ciskow the responsibility for this M&A activity, which he greatly appreciated, the added a responsibility. So if I give him a crack at this to start?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, thanks Joe. I appreciate it. For Valero our appetite for midstream M&A and M&A in general hasn’t changed. We continue to look at opportunities particularly those that support the earnings growth that we can achieve in our core business. The good news is we have a great portfolio and significant earnings capability as we demonstrated in 2015. More specific to the VLP, VLP hasn’t reached the size where it can execute most of the M&A transactions on its own. But we do continue to evaluate opportunities there as well. But as we said before we remain committed to VLP’s dropdown growth strategy and we’re not interested in a step up transaction that would change VLP’s risk profile or its growth story.
Neil Mehta: I appreciate that Joe and Ciskow, thank you.
Operator: Thanks Neil. Our next question comes from ED Westlake from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ed Westlake: Good morning. Congrats. I think this time last year I’d said I was going to drive down an F350 to Disney World and would that be enough gasoline yield from Valero and other refiners in the summer to make it possible for me to do so? So, I’m going to ask the same question after a year of looking at gasoline markets and some very strong cracks and strong demands. What are you guys doing to be able to make more summer grade gasoline?
Gary Simmons: In the short run, I don’t think we really have anything that we have on the horizon that’s going to be able to increase our gasoline yield, but the big thing is the alky project that Lane mentioned that will give us additional ability in terms of making additional gasoline when that project comes online.
Joe Gorder: We are in maximum gasoline mode now though it’s [indiscernible].
Gary Simmons: That’s right, we are.
Ed Westlake: Okay. And then switching to the self help, obviously the toppers coming on stream, so we start to see them maybe in 4Q and into this year. You used to have sort of $500 million number, I think that’s gone down to 430 million, just a reminder what you think key drivers will be in terms of the spreads driving that 430.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So the funny decision on both those units we had Brent and LLS, [indiscernible] pretty much in that environment if you want to - and we like to reference the historical price set. So if you look at those projects in 2015 the Corpus unit would give us about $200 million of EBITDA and the Houston crude unit would be about 230, so those are - and those are slightly [indiscernible] obviously are funding decision that in the current market we’re pretty much at our funding decision. Maybe and as Joe allude to the Houston crude unit will start up in the second quarter and we fired up the crude unit in Corpus Christi without any incident and started fine.
Ed Westlake: Okay. And it’s mainly crude against [VGO] [ph] spreads we should look at?
Lane Riggs: That’s right, the driver here is crude versus really resid, so low sulphur resids.
Ed Westlake: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio: Good morning guys. Maybe a follow on to the product demand question, given the macro uncertainty pacing your cash returns to the net income makes sense on a quarterly basis. Ye how do you think about using the balance sheet to fund the cash returns buyback and has that changed at all given that macro uncertainty or share price volatility?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, our balance sheet is, Evan this is Mike, balance sheet is very, very strong and we intend to keep it that way. Our guidance is to pay out 75% of net income for 2016. So, as far as levering up [indiscernible] to meet that target, I'm not sure it will be required to do that. It's early in the year. So we'll just have to see how the year plays out.
Evan Calio : Got it. And then, maybe a different follow-up on you shared the EBITDA on all these new projects, it will be contributing in 2016 and Corpus, Port Arthur, McKee and Houston in 1Q. I mean any color in aggregate how they affect your crude slate flexibility or just related, given, the right economic indicators, where do you need to max out your heavy sour and medium sour runs?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the topper really just gave us more capability to run domestic light sweet barrels or foreign light sweet barrels. It really added to that. We haven't done anything that really materially changes our ability to process medium or heavy sour grades in our system. It was mainly of those two units are adding 160,000 barrels a day of light sweet capacity.
Evan Calio : Right, and then but the up-tick quarter-to-quarter on overall heavy and medium sour runs, where could that be? And I'm sure that's an average number. So I'm just trying to get a sense of -- if you are kind of max flexed to this point or where you could take that? 
Lane Riggs: I’d like to give you a little color on that, Evan. I will take the topper out so you can kind of have an apples-to-apples comparison. If you take the toppers out between last quarter and where we are today, we backed out about 400,000 barrels a day of lower 48 domestic light sweet crude and we've replaced that with medium sour grades and foreign light sweet imports. That's the big change in our system; heavy sours are about the same.
Evan Calio : Got it. Appreciate it.
Operator: Paul Cheng from Barclays, your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Mike, actually this is for you. I'm going to ask from the other angle on the balance sheet. The last several years that you guys have done phenomenally well both operationally and financially and also the return to shareholder. I was just curious that as the cash flow remain strong at this point, does it make sense even though you already have a very, very strong balance sheet to maybe utilize a part of the free cash flow, maybe 20% or so, to further strengthen the balance sheet. I think that we all live through the up and down while I'm always on the market, I could be wrong. And that we have seen what happened, everyone was bullish in 2007 and then the bottom fell off because of the economy. So should we actually pick maybe a slightly different view at this point just as a safeguard to ensure that we build up some additional cushion even though your balance sheet is already remarkably strong but if the cash flow cut by half then maybe that will allow you to even have better opportunity to strike and pick the opportunity everyone is weak?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. That's a quite a question Paul. And I remember those days very well. Our balance sheet is very strong and we intend to keep it that way. If you're suggesting that we build cash here, our current focus is to continue to look for opportunities to grow our business and increase our earnings per share. But if you are suggesting that we prepay some debt, the majority of our remaining debt contains make whole provision that made those prepayments less than compelling.
Paul Cheng: I see. So that you won't -- you won't able to prepay and you won't say add-on some additional cushion into your balance sheet by adding cash?
Mike Ciskowski: No. I don't think at this time that’s what we will be doing. I think we can execute on our payout strategy and all that as I said earlier without levering up the balance sheet.
Paul Cheng: And that, Joe, just curious that with that, I think that some of the other company in distress and look like some retail asset maybe become cheaper. If you're looking at your portfolio, does it make sense that the entry point is right for you to reenter into retail by doing so that can -- maybe that cushion your gains, over the [indiscernible] gains, any win -- win cost increase or that to provide even a more direct outlet to your own refi product? Or that this is you’re really not interested in going back into that business?
Joe Gorder: No, Paul, that's a good question. We look at it periodically. The retail business is materially different from the refining business, and you know that, I mean we’re refining is capital intensive and [indiscernible] people and the retail business is people intensive. And we – when we look at it, I think our view would generally be that we don’t need to control the retail outlet to be able to be a very good supplier into that market. And so frankly what we’re focused on is, it’s further extending our wholesale business, where we can have contractual relationships and support the Valero brand hit the street from the wholesale side rather than from a direct retail operation. If you reflect back on our retail volumes when we owned CST in the 1000 or so sites in Canada, the volume we moved through them was about a 125,000 barrels a day. And when you look at that as its order of magnitude relative to the total motor fuels that Valero is producing it’s a very small percentage. It would take a real huge step for us to have any kind of material presence to really allow us to hedge the benefits associated with owning retail directly. So, I don’t know that unless there was really something that was just incredibly good are allowed us to sustain our contractual relationships with customers I don’t see us reentering that market in the retail business.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons and Company. Your line is open.
Jeff Dietert: Hey, it's Jeff Dietert with Simmons, good morning.
John Locke: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: I appreciate the update on all the projects, I think the St. Charles hydrocracker, I didn’t see an update on that, I apologize if I missed it. But could you talk about St. Charles?
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So, we’re currently changing the catalyst out and the capital - it’s a small capital project, $40 million and it’s just really a catalyst change out which is based on the cycle that we, when we change out the catalyst and the capital implementation or doing it right now. So it will be ready to go here in the second quarter.
Jeff Dietert: Okay. And could you talk about your EBITDA expectations on Port Arthur and St. Charles hydrocrackers what those are expected to contribute?
Lane Riggs: Well, we spent normally about $80 million on the two and our funding decision EBITDA somewhere between a total of $60 million to $80 million so these are an example of the sort quick hitting, self-help, these were also the low hanging fruit to sort of arbitrage out that there may be some [indiscernible], enough to figure out where we can put a little capital and get a pretty good hit on it, so I don’t know if that will show up in the revenue stream or something like that to you guys, it will certainly show up in our margin capture going forward.
Jeff Dietert: And could you talk a little bit about Line 9 now that it’s started up and what your flexibility is to take Canadian heavy versus Syn crude versus Bakken, what’s the flexibility there in an environment where you are encouraged to take those grades.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So Line 9 we began taking crude in December, it’s fully up and operational and at capacity; in terms of flexibility of grades, all of our crudes to Line 9 through Montreal and we really don’t have logistics to be taking heavier or medium sours, it’s pretty much just for light sweet crude for the Quebec refinery.
Jeff Dietert: Great. Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Roger.
Roger Read: I guess maybe coming back to the gasoline question for this summer, octane ability as you look around what do you think the biggest roadblock will be again, is it going to the Octane alkylate side, is it going to be blending stocks and what is your assumption for gasoline demand growth this year, as you set up your expectations and budget?
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger. This is Gary. I think we see that as long as we have a strong gasoline market and we have [indiscernible] sub-octane blend component like naphtha the gasoline pool is going to try to draw naphtha in and it’s going to mean octane is fairly expensive. And so we expect to see alkylate values fairly strong again this summer. I don’t see anything on the horizon that really leads me to believe that it’s going to change anytime soon.
Roger Read: Then where, where will the industry look, I mean if you thought about it as a long hanging fruit thing, where would you be looking to pick up octane? I mean one of the thoughts is if US light sweet is declining and we are importing a light barrel, maybe we create a little bit more that way since the US barrel’s tended to be on the low end for octane, but where else should we consider?
Gary Simmons: Well, I think for us we’ve tried to look everywhere we can and this alky project was the best thing that we really felt was out there; we’ve studied reforming, expanding reforming [indiscernible] new reformers and the alky project has the best return in our system.
Roger Read: But I mean more near-term, is there, are we just going to struggle 16 and 17, I mean I understand where we are in 19 but…?
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think we will. I don’t see anything in the near term that that’s going to have a significant impact on the octane balance.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Sam Margolin from Cowen & Company
Sam Margolin: Hey, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi, Sam.
Sam Margolin: I wanted to ask one more about the alky project here. There is a couple of others out there in the system, a lot of times these units as newly built units are paired with like a midstream acquisition or some other project to produce the feed by the operator. But is it fair to say that there is no real necessity to commit capital to source incremental NGLs here there is plenty available and so this alky unit can be built as a standalone or actually is it, does it, is it paired with maybe something coming off the toppers or another attribute of your yield right now?
Lane Riggs: Hi, Sam. This is Lane. Ours is a little bit different I’d say than other people in the industry and what we’re doing is we’re taking existing alkylation unit at Houston and we’re converting it to alkylate C5 olefins; normally alkylation units alkylate C4 olefins and sometime C3 olefins. So we’re taking the existing blend and retrofit it such that alkylate C5 olefins and we are building a new C4 olefins. What we are really doing if you draw, drew a boundary around the Houston refinery is we are shifting C5 olefins that are going out [indiscernible] gasoline, bringing in IC4 from Mont Belvieu which is readily available and inexpensive that’s really what’s happening in making an alkylate and also blending some additional butane for the low RVP, that’s really what this project is. So it is different than I would say other people that are looking at this, and we are clearly ahead of everybody else in the industry with this projects.
Sam Margolin: Okay. Yes, that makes sense. I think it’s been evaluated for quite a while, so it’s clear that there is a lot of, I guess, gone into the process. This next one is sort of a moon shot, as you know, it’s been reported Aramco is maybe looking to monetize some assets, you might also know that Shell has a fairly aggressive divestment target too. I don’t know, is it fair to say that Motiva today is at least as attractive or as sensible of a consolidation candidate as maybe CITGO was two years ago in terms of sort of what’s out there to bring into the fold, to the extent that I think Mike kind of alluded to the appetite hasn’t changed but I don’t know maybe availability of assets has?
Joe Gorder: Well, Sam that is a moon shot. I mean Motiva has a good business and they’ve got good assets and if they we’re for sale I’d suspect that we’d take a really good hard look at it, but we are not hearing anything, I hadn’t heard anything that they are in the market.
Sam Margolin: All right, appreciate it. Have a good one.
Joe Gorder: You bet. Take care.
Operator: Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Phil Gresh: Hey, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi Phil.
Phil Gresh: First question just on VLP, how are you thinking about the drop down potential of VLP this year? Last year I think you had committed to a billion in drops, but you didn’t give any specific commentary on the release. So I’m just curios how you are thinking about the MLP market more broadly, evaluation, impacts etcetera?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yes I feel right now a billion is our current plan toward the dropdown. But, the capital markets are pretty challenging right now. So we’ll just have to continue to monitor this as we move through the year.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Second question is just there has been some talk about the uplift we could see from greater utilization rates from these Chinese refineries and the impact that could have on product export by China. I’m just wondering how your speaking about this risk and do you think China’s product quality can complete on the global market especially on the gasoline side?
Gary Simmons: I can, Phil. This is Gary, I don’t know that I can really comment on the quality of their products, overall to me that capacity is capacity that’s going to be very challenged globally because of the weak fuel market. It’s going to be very difficult to run load complexity, capacity with the very low fuel environment.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Hey, thanks, good morning gentlemen, maybe said I wanted to say, maybe a quick follow up on the prior question on potential drop to VLP, I mean any thoughts as to what the next might look like between cash proceeds and equity, the Valero or any thoughts on evolution of multiples of those drops or too much uncertainty in the market at this point.
Joe Gorder: While there is a quite a bit of uncertainty in the market. So, at this point in time I really can’t comment on how the cash proceeds would be and how the financing of those drops would be structured.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And then, maybe one follow up, I appreciate the comment you made earlier in terms of, some of your thoughts on medium sour and heavy sour differential in the sustainability going forward. Maybe can you give me any thoughts in terms of how you see light sweet desk whether its Brent WTI or LLS WTI evolved over the next three to six months, so we are going to need to see a widening of those spreads in order to clear Cushing and to incentivize imports and in particular I was kind of curious given the fact that you backed off 400,000 barrels a day of lower 40 light crude to your system, just generally how you’ve seen, what your outlook is for the light sweet differential going forward over the next, over the course of this year?
Gary Simmons: This is Gary. I think over time LLS and Brent traded pretty close to parity, but I think we are going to have a lot of volatility between the grades as the year goes on. So, you know you can see LLS got, has to pay a premium for LLS and Brent, so we started importing foreign light sweets, we have the inventory gains here in the US, which I think tells you LLS was too expensive, so that LLS we discounted. I think we’ll go through that volatility for the next six months, where we swing in and out of domestic light sweet production into our refining system.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. I appreciate that.
Operator: Doug Leggate from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Hi. Thanks. Good morning everybody. Thanks Joe. So Joe, I wanted to go back to your comments on gasoline, I think you said you were in max gasoline mode right now, what I am trying to understand is what happens to gasoline yields as the US swings back to imports on light sweet crude declines, I know everyone is focused on octane but, I’m just wondering if you start to see a tightening of the balance [indiscernible] gasoline at this point I’m guessing that’s because --, I’m just trying to understand the interplay as you see, things going in for the summer. So, I guess I’m really looking to your prognosis on how those things bounce at?
Joe Gorder: Gary do you want to go ahead?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Overall, if you look at foreign light sweet barrel versus an Eagle Ford or Bakken type barrel and nasty yield from West African Saharan barrel is about the same as Bakken or Eagle Ford. So in terms of refining yield it’s not significantly different whether we are running at West African barrel or we’re running at domestic light sweet barrel.
Doug Leggate: Well as you swing back towards medium-heavy, does the yield makes change to them?
Gary Simmons: Yes, for medium to heavy barrel, it would accept for most of the refineries were running those barrels are very high complex refining assets. And again we don’t see much of a yield difference with the complexity of our refineries when we’re running a heavier diet. The only thing that we can get into is as we go heavy in some of our plants it can lower our utilization. So we get a lever effect by running light sweet at some of our refineries. So we have a big incentive to run much heavier crude diet it can mean that we are running slightly lower crude rate at some of those plants.
Doug Leggate: It tells me about the old school I guess. Thanks for that. My follow-up, it’s probably more a Ciskowski question. Mike, , the tax rate looks like it’s been consistently low now or becoming kind of a regular thing, so should we be looking at tax rate guidance moving lower as kind of permanent shift?
Joe Gorder: Well, we had a couple of unique items this past – this past quarter, because of the tax law finally was, they got final approval in the UK and then we had, we have some audits that are underway in the US and we happened to get those settled this quarter, and so that was reflective which pushed the rate down to 28%. So, we tried to do, the best that we can and given that guidance to you. But, 31%, 32% is what I would say for the first quarter.
Doug Leggate: Is that a good run rate going forward?
Joe Gorder: Yes, right now that would.
Doug Leggate: Okay, helpful. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Tudor, Pickering & Holt. Your line is open.
Chi Chow: Great, thank you.
Joe Gorder: Hey Chi.
Chi Chow: Hey, how are you doing Joe. Back on the products markets, can you comment on how you’re assessing the supply demand balance of the global distillate market heading into this year? We saw material weakening of the diesel cracks as the year progress last year and just wondering on your thoughts on cause of this?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Chi, this is Gary Simmons. Overall, I think if you look at what drive distillate demand, its weather and then its economic activity and thus far, both in the US and in North West Europe we’ve had warmer winters than what we’ve historically had and so it led to lower distillate demand. So in terms of how do we correct from here, I think a lot of that correction gets back to some of this low complexity refining capacity with discounted fuel oil pricing, I think you know we’ll see some economic run cuts and some of that low complexity, capacity that will bring the distillate market back into balance .
Chi Chow: What about the economic activity side of things, I mean you are seeing, you mentioned your exports are still pretty good, but are you concerned about global slowdown on the economic front?
Joe Gorder: I don’t know that I can really comment on the global economic activity, but I can say we continue to see very robust demand for our products throughout the globe.
Chi Chow: What your exports of gasoline and diesel in the quarter?
Joe Gorder: Yes. In gasoline we did 157,000 barrels a day of gasoline, we did 264,000 barrels a day of diesel, if you add kerosene in with that it would be 307,000 barrels a day of total distillate.
Chi Chow: Okay, thank you. One other question, this is just kind of specific to your Gulf Coast system, we just noticed that your realized margin capture rate versus your index is always better in the fourth quarter in the Gulf Coast than the other three quarters of the year and that been pretty consistent last four years running. Why is that the case, is there any specific reason for that?
Joe Gorder: Well, I would say, certainly the butane blending would come into play there and so as butane has been discounted and we’re able to blend it into the pool, it helps our capture rates, I don’t know if you have anything else.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Chi. [This is Lane]. I want to add, normally seasonally what you see is medium to heavy sour discount widen out. So when you’re using for the standard capture rate versus light sweet we always outperform on that as well.
Chi Chow: Okay. Hey, thanks Lane, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisel Khan: Good morning guys.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Faisel Khan: Just quick question on the timing of the projects that came online in the fourth quarter, the Corpus Christi crude unit, the hydrocracker and the expansion of the key and it is also Line 9B sort of highlighted that was December startup, how did those start up in the quarter I’m just trying to understand so what the contribution was from the commissioning of these assets in the quarter, just sort of we get sort of the uplift right going into 2016?
Lane Riggs: Hey, it’s Lane. The key we finished that project which really took us about two years fully implement the entire scope that which was two things one was energy efficiency project and distillate recovering the second was sort plus crude rate. We finished it in October. I assume that what you’re after. You’re sort of after the timing --. And further again hydrocracker was down in October and they replaced the catalyst and did the expansion and then Corpus Christi really started up during sort of early to mid December so wouldn’t see anything with respect to it, fourth quarter improvement that’s really going to be entirely 2016 thing.
Faisel Khan: Okay, got it. And the key we would have seen full contribution in the quarter, but sounds like Port Arthur was down in October and then of course nothing from the Corpus?
Lane Riggs: That’s right. Nothing from Corpus and obviously St. Charles are doing right now.
Faisel Khan: Okay. And then, right now given were crude prices are in Canada versus the Atlantic Basin is it make sense to max out Line 9B or where are we with the market in terms of how we benefit from that?
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, I would tell you on Line 9B we are seeing some value in the Bakken that we are running most of the Western Canadian light sweets we are not seeing material difference in being uplift in running those barrels compared to foreign light sweets that we get acquired into Quebec.
Faisel Khan: Got it. Okay. Great, thanks for the time guys, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vikas Dwivedi from Macquarie Group. Your line is open.
Vikas Dwivedi: Hey, guys, quick question on gasoline and ethanol now, they’ve been inverted for a while. Does that change how you guys blend or any of the approach to the overall gasoline operation given, sort of upside down from formal?
Martin Parrish: It's Martin Parrish, it’s really the impact on the blending margin not only refineries margins, ethanol is selling at about its blend value everything kind of the blend value that’s high octane. You have to remember that the blender still gets the RINs if they choose to blend ethanol. So, I know it works out, I don’t, I would say there’s really no impact – get it blended.
Vikas Dwivedi: Got it. And coming back to the LP plant is the C5 technology is that also a call on, kind of an oversupplied ethane or ethylene market down the road?
Joe Gorder: I don’t know want to, it’s not my call, it just really, you look at whole NGL market it’s been pretty, if this is been long, and it really a view that we can take and move NGL into the gasoline pool and we can do it by [alkylating amylene] in the refinery which is a little bit different and it makes a good high octane low RVP component which then in turn allows us to blend additional butane in the summer in particular.
Vikas Dwivedi: Got it. And we were just thinking if it was a call that would be a great call. I think when we are drowning in the lighter end of the NGL barrel for a long time that?
Joe Gorder: I wouldn’t call it ethane, it’s a whole NGL space right which we believe is virtually long going forward to.
Vikas Dwivedi: Yes. All right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We have a question from Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Brad Heffern: Good morning everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Brad Heffern: Circling back to the VLP, I’m just curious we all know the uncertainty the turmoil in the capital markets, but it seems like the strategy is basically unchanged and you have 55% of the growth in 2016 in terms of budget going into VLP. At point do you think about that and maybe re-examine the pace of growth given that the market doesn’t necessarily seem to be rewarding growth as much as it once was?
Joe Gorder: Yes. We will continue to – right now our plan is to do the billion dollars, but we’ll continue to examine and monitor the markets as we move through the year. It is very challenging right now, we do have our revolver that we could use that as a financing source for some of the drops. So, the bank market seems to be a little bit more attractive than the capital market at this point in time.
Mike Ciskowski: Brad, let me just add to what Mike said. The capital that we’re investing in logistics assets at Valero Energy are assets that can be dropped to VLP, so we’ll continue to build the droppable EBITDA base. But the motivation behind it and we’ve shared this before, the motivation behind Valero investing in logistics assets are projects that better fit Valero’s core business, its core refining business that project that helps us optimize our operations. And we are not taken flyers on projects that we wouldn’t be willing to commit what contractually long-term to. And so, again the things we are investing in today for example the diamond pipeline, I mean that is going to be a direct benefit to the Memphis refinery and provide crude optionality there that they don’t currently have today. So, this is a long game and even though markets are challenged right now, I don’t think we should sit here and throw the baby out with the bath water and totally redirect strategies to try to accommodate it. The other thing that Mike hasn’t mentioned is that, VLP is in a great position like at very high coverage ratios to maintain distribution growth, that the targets we’ve talked about is not going to be an issue. And here again we are running the business to continue to improve the business and drive the EPS growth at VLO and VLP is going to go along for the ride. Anyway, that’s just a little more color.
Brad Heffern: Thanks for that Joe, I think that's clear. And then thinking about logistic opportunities as well, I’m curious obviously lifting in the crude expo we are seeing negative for refiners in general, but I think there might be some opportunities that present themselves to Valero given the amount of dark space in general footprint in the Gulf Coast set. Have you thought along those line Joe?
Rich Lashway: Hi. This is Rich Lashway. Yes, we thought about that, that opportunity. We are in conversations with lot of different parties on projects that they have that they willing to share now that they might not have been in the past. And so we could see quite a bit of opportunity out there given not just the declining crude price, but also the export opportunity.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our last question is a follow up question from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, real quick, may be this for Gary. Gary just curious that crude inventory over the last several weeks quite substantial, do you have any rough idea there was a split between the financial buyer, buying it to take advantage on the contango curve, or what percentage is the operator actually the refiner who are building inventory here ?
Gary Simmons: I don’t suspect this a lot of refiners building inventory, most of our tankage and most refiners tankage is more operational in nature. So it’s hard to really utilize that tankage for a contango play. Most of that you see some inventory builds in Cushing, but I don’t know that I really could comment in terms of the build. I think you know what we had happened is LLS got at a premium to a foreign light sweet alternative and Valero along with many other refineries started buying light sweet and it caused the inventory to build and certainly the markets structures incentivized people to store as well.
Paul Cheng: Okay, thank you.
John Locke: Okay, Elanda I think that’s last for the question. So we want to thank you everyone for calling in today and please feel free to call me and Karen if you guys have further follow up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering
Analysts: Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Igor Grinman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports 2015 third quarter earnings results conference call. My name is Ethan, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. Mr. Locke, you may begin.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ethan. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are: Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We had another strong quarter, as our team operated safely and efficiently. Favorable product margins, which were supported by strong demand during the quarter, incentivized us to run at high utilization rates. While we are seeing some seasonal pressure on product margins today, demand for our products remains strong and crude oil markets continue to be well supplied, so we maintain our favorable outlook for 2016. We continue to focus on our priorities of maintaining safe and reliable operations, investing in our business, and returning cash to stockholders. Regarding strategic investments, we continue to grow our business. We expect to see contributions in the fourth quarter from our recently completed McKee crude unit expansion, Port Arthur hydrocracker expansion, and from delivered crude off of Enbridge Line 9B. Additionally, we're making good progress on our two crude unit projects. The Corpus Christi crude unit is ahead of schedule and is expected to start, with a startup date of December 1. We expect startup of the Houston crude unit around the end of the first quarter of 2016, as scheduled. We also executed another dropdown transaction earlier this month to Valero Energy Partners, which is our sponsored MLP. And finally, regarding cash returns to stockholders, over the first nine months of this year we've delivered a 73% payout of net income, so we're on track to hit our 75% target for 2015. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a 25% increase in the regular quarterly dividend, which is the second increase approved this year. So with those highlights, John, I'll turn it back over to you.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Joe. Moving on to the quarterly results, we reported net income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion or $2.79 per share versus the third quarter 2014 earnings per share of $2.00. The refining segment generated operating income of $2.3 billion. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which was in line with the third quarter of 2014. Our refineries operated at 96% throughput capacity utilization in the third quarter of 2015 in spite of unplanned downtime, including the refinery-wide outage at our Texas City refinery due to a lightning strike. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.80 per barrel in the third quarter of 2015 were also in line with the third quarter of 2014. The ethanol segment generated $35 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2015 versus $198 million in the third quarter of 2014. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $179 million in the third quarter of 2015. Also in the third quarter, net interest expense was $112 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $482 million. The effective tax rate was 32.4%. With respect to our balance sheet, at quarter end total debt was $7.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.3 billion, of which $51 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was approximately 20%. Valero had over $5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. The cash flows in the third quarter included $467 million of capital spending, of which $109 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. We returned $1.3 billion in cash to our stockholders in the third quarter, which included approximately $200 million in dividend payments and $1.1 billion for the purchase of 17.2 million shares of Valero common stock. Year to date we've purchased 35.5 million shares for $2.2 billion. So for modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.55 million to 1.6 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 235,000 to 255,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 480,000 to 500,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be around $3.80 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.85 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation for the fourth quarter to be around $200 million, and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $475 million, and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 30%. Ethan, we've concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we will open the call to questions. During this segment, we continue to ask that our callers please limit each turn to two questions. Callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Neil, please go ahead.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Neil.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Joe, can you talk about – and you alluded to it – the outlook for product margins as Valero sees it? It sounds like the decline we're seeing in your view is more seasonal than structural. There has been a lot of talk about gasoline versus diesel. And anything you could comment on the demand side, so just broadly some commentary on the product margin outlook would be helpful.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet. Neil, if you're okay, we'll let Gary Simmons talk about that.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That would be great.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Neil, this is Gary. I certainly do see that what we have this year is just the seasonal nature of our business. We start to get out of gasoline season and you see the gas cracks begin to soften, and typically we go through a period of time where refinery margins are squeezed until heating oil demand begins to kick in. I think the surprise this year is actually the gas cracks were much stronger for a longer period of time than what we typically see. Even today, a light sweet refiner in the Gulf has a $9 crack spread. If you're running medium sour, it's around $12. And a heavy sour refiner in the Gulf has a $15 crack spread. So to us, those numbers don't look bad at all for this time of year. We see good product demand on the distillate side. Our export markets remain strong. And then on the gasoline side, as the markets in the Gulf have softened some, it's opened up the arbs to start gasoline exports as well. So we feel pretty good about the markets going forward.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Gary. And then the follow-up question is around the dividend. You guys raised your dividend by 25%. So can you talk a little bit about what drove the decision, how you're thinking about the allocation of capital between dividends, buybacks, and organic growth?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, Neil, this is Mike. We went ahead and increased the dividend this quarter. We're having a great year, and we thought it was appropriate to increase it at this time. Going forward, ultimately we would like to get to the position of increasing the dividend annually. And our intention is to pay a dividend at the top end of the range for our peer group.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then, Mike, between buybacks and dividends, any thoughts there?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: On the dividend payout, our intention is to be at the top end of the range of our peer group. And then as we increase that, buybacks would be a little bit less of the total pie.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Neil, the only thing I'd add to what Mike said is, in the investor presentations we made – and management made the commitment at the beginning of the year that we'd look at the use of our cash in a non-discretionary and a discretionary way, and clearly we view the dividend as something that is non-discretionary. So when we commit to doing the dividend, we believe we need to maintain the dividend. And so as Mike said, it was a good time to do it. We've had a great year. We want to reward our shareholders, and we'll continue to look at it going forward. So when you look at the total payout ratio, it's based on net income, and we've been very forthright about that. All we're doing really in this case is altering the makeup of that payout ratio and increasing the percentage that would be made up of the dividend.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. All right, thank you so much.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Evan, please go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Let me tie your macro comments in the prior answer to the return policy and connect the two. You raised the dividend, had a large step-up in the buyback in the third quarter. I know you have the annual payout guidance which you're closer to your target, but you also have significant room in your net debt to EBITDA guidance. So how do you adjust the buyback between these two metrics according to the margin environment, meaning given your macro view, should we expect a continued pace of buybacks even in a seasonally weaker quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We increased the payout target from 50% to 75% on the last call. So we had to pick up the buybacks quite a bit to meet our commitment to our shareholders and payout to 75%.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Evan, as Mike said, I think you can expect that we're going to hit the 75% target. That's our objective. So if you're trying to gauge pace of buybacks in the fourth quarter, they're probably going to be at a somewhat slower pace than they were in the third quarter, as we made up ground during the third quarter. I think going forward, as Mike has talked about, we want to maintain the dividend at the high end of the range of the peers. So we will continue to look at it.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's based off of net income. And so we're not providing earnings guidance here on what the fourth quarter would be. So if net income comes in very strong, we'll be buying back a lot of shares.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, that makes sense. Let me ask a different question, my second question, on the midstream side. I know you funded the last drop to VLP. If that market remains closed, would you do that again in 2016, or can you talk about how you're thinking about that going forward?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay, the last – and this is Mike again. The last drop on October 1, our plan was all along to self-fund that drop. On the capital markets, based on our discussions with the bankers, we do not believe that the capital markets are closed. We believe that they're open. The equity markets have been challenging. There's not been a lot of activity in the last six weeks or so on the equity side, but we do believe that the markets are open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, I'll leave it there with two, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Evan.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Evan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse. Edward, please go ahead.
Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, it's actually Johannes here playing stand-in for Ed at the moment, a couple of quick questions. First one, I was wondering what your West Coast outlook is given that it was so strong over the last quarter going into next year. Do you have a view on what turnaround activity in 2016 would be and how that may impact that particular crack?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yes, I think we definitely see a lot of turnaround activity in the fourth quarter of this year, which will probably keep the West Coast market fairly tight. As you move into next year, I think we've seen a good demand response as a result of lower flat price on the West Coast. That will certainly keep that market tighter than what we've seen in the past several years, so we're fairly optimistic on our West Coast operations for next year. I don't really have any insight to turnaround activity. I don't know, Lane, if you...
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: This is Lane. I think it's fairly public knowledge you have a heavy turnaround season currently going on and into the very beginning of the fourth quarter. But I don't have any insight into where the turnaround activity is going to be on the West Coast the first half of next year, and we don't give any forward guidance for Valero in that respect either.
Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And generally over the last year there's been a reasonable amount of M&A, either outright M&A and/or acquisition of assets, and that's in the midstream and in the downstream segments. Is there a reason you haven't participated in it, or is there a way you're thinking about M&A and growth that we could use to see through your eyes, so to speak?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, we do participate. We do look at the opportunities as they do become available to us. We have not I guess been able to consummate an acquisition during this time.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And again, our attention to M&A hasn't changed. We continue to look at everything that's out there. And obviously, there have been a couple of deals that have been done. There are a couple of refineries that have transacted this year. And as Mike said, we look at them. And if they're of interest to us we pursue them, and if they're not we don't. Obviously in this case, they weren't of enough interest to us for us to be aggressive. When you look at the space that might be more rich with opportunities going forward, it seems to be more the midstream business. And again, we look at the opportunities out there, but we've been pretty clear about what we want to do. To the extent we transact there, we'd like for it to be assets that are supportive of Valero's core business. So our view of M&A hasn't really changed, nor has the level of activity that we pursue internally. We just haven't pulled the trigger on anything.
Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Is there a framework you use to evaluate the value proposition when it comes to those businesses that might be related to your core business?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Yes, but I don't think we're going to get into what our acquisition criteria is with you, no offense.
Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, no problem. Thank you.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thank you.
Operator: and our next question comes from Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Ryan, please go ahead.
Igor Grinman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. It's Igor Grinman here actually chiming in for Ryan. I had a quick question on the crude slate in the quarter. It seemed like the light sweet mix was around – it looked like record levels or at least as far as I could see here. I'm just curious as to what drove that preference for light sweets in the quarter given the relative widening seen on the sour dip side. Was it running next gasoline mode (18:47) related, or were there some other drivers there? And along the same context, it would be great to hear your latest outlook on the lights versus sours differentials for 2016.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: So you're correct, we did run record levels of domestic light sweet crude during the third quarter. That was somewhat tied to where the crude differentials were, but we also see rate lever that we get from running a lighter crude diet, so that pushed us in that direction. And then also with the strength in gasoline, we get a higher gasoline yield off those types of crudes, so that pushed us to the domestic light sweet as well. As we transition into the fourth quarter, the crude markets remain very volatile. And so we have definitely transitioned to where we're running a lot more sour crudes in the system today than what we did in the third quarter. I think as you move to 2016, as long as we're in this market that the crude markets are oversupplied, you're just going to see a lot of volatility between the grades. And so we are just going to be responsive. As the markets move, we'll run the diet that is most economic in our refineries.
Igor Grinman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, what are you guys generally expecting out of the 1Q turnaround season? I know you brought up maybe some color on the West Coast side, but just overall U.S.-wide color would be great.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: This is Lane. We obviously have a dialogue with all of our contractors and we have a large business with them. And the outlook that they're telling us is it will be a fairly heavy – the first quarter of 2016 will be – I mean the first half of 2016 will be heavier than the first half of 2015.
Igor Grinman - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Phil, please go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Not to beat a dead horse on the dividend, but you had a big step up in the first quarter, and this is another sizeable step up. So I was just wondering how you thought about this one in terms of whether it was a bit of a catch-up still going on here to get it to the spot where you wanted as a percent of cash from operations or something along those lines, and whether the increases moving forward would be more ratable over time.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think if we looked at it, we were behind the peers. And Mike laid out what the objective was, Phil, and it's to pay out towards the higher end of that. And so I guess you could look at it as a make-up, in fact, the whole year. I think when we looked at it, we were behind going into the year, and we felt that we needed to try to get caught up. So obviously, that was the case. I think as we get closer to the peers, I think this thing – the prospective increases would be at a more moderate level.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Second question is just with Line 9B now ramping up, how soon would you expect to see a benefit? To what magnitude do you think you can get access to all of the crude that you're hoping to get through Line 9B, or is there any kind of delay in getting any of those barrels to Quebec? And how do you think about the impact that this would have on margins for the refinery?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: This is Gary again. We purchased pretty much our full volume on what we had committed on Line 9 for November injection, and so those barrels will begin to start showing up in Montreal in December and making its way to the refinery. In terms of the barrels that are available to us, it's pretty much what we had planned, so we have a mix of Bakken and MSW and Syncrude from Western Canada. With the arb being narrower, the economics aren't quite as strong as what we had envisioned, but Line 9 barrels are still at or better than what we can do from a U.S. Gulf Coast sourced domestic light sweet barrel.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, got it, thank you.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Jeff, please go ahead.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: It's Jeff Dietert with Simmons, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff. We knew who you were.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: If you could, let's talk a little bit about some of the outages during the quarter, with emphasis on Texas City with the lightning strike. But also, I believe you had some FCC [Fluidic Catalytic Cracking] and alkylate unit downtime during a period when octane was tight, and I was hoping you could talk about the influence those had on 3Q.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Jeff, this is Lane. Our unscheduled downtime during the third quarter cost us about $116 million, with the big event being this lightning strike that knocked out our substation at Texas City.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: And were there meaningful FCC and alky units down during the quarter? Did that have a meaningful influence as well? It's okay to...
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: I quantified the impact on our results. I'm not really – I don't think – I'm not going to comment on the impact that might have had on the market, if that's what you're looking for. I'm just saying – I'm giving you what happened to us.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: All right. And when you think about the tightness in the octane market and the premiums we saw there, is your view from an industry perspective that that's transient or structural? We did have some industry FCC outages and reformer and alkylation unit downtime and very strong high octane retail gasoline demand. Could you talk about that issue?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Jeff, this is Gary. At least my view is it is more structural in nature. We did have some refinery downtime, but I don't think that was the key driver. I think that as the Gulf Coast refineries are running lighter crude diets that we're out of reforming capacity, you become long naphtha. And as long as you have a strong gasoline market, there's an incentive to blend that naphtha into the gasoline pool, and to do that it takes high octane blend components. In addition to that, some of the big growing export markets have specifications that require high alkylate blends, not necessarily even for octane. And then finally, I think one of the things that we've seen this year is with where aromatic pricings have been, both toluene and xylene have been under their blend value, which has allowed both of those components to be in the gasoline pool. Assuming we have some strengthening in the aromatics pricing moving forward, you can see that both of those high octane blend components actually get pulled out of the pool and octane premiums remain strong.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Thanks for your comments.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays, Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two quick questions actually. One, Mike, do you have guidance or a target for the cash payout to your shareholders for 2016 and 2017 yet?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, we don't. We're not prepared today to give the payout target for 2016, but I would anticipate that we'll do that early next year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, and secondly, maybe for Joe. Joe, on the last six months, the MLP sector has been under tremendous pressure. Just curious that the changing market conditions, does it in any shape or form have changed the management view to how you're going to manage VLP and what that means in terms of the dropdown pays or organic or inorganic investment in that business, and how that relates to the C-Corp.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's a good question, Paul. Let me let Mike fire away first and then if there's anything to add.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Obviously, the capital markets have been very volatile. We continue to market that. But our plan is to continue to execute upon our previously communicated dropdown guidance for 2016, and that's around $1 billion of assets.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Paul, please go ahead.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, guys. It was a little bit of a follow-up or somewhat asked by Paul already, but I was wondering about this 75% of net income target. I guess at the highest level, I was wondering why you use net income. It seems like a bit of a bouncy denominator, if that's the right word – or numerator I guess.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, we're in a volatile business. And whether you use net income or cash flow, I think you just pick one, and we picked net income. So it was one that's very easy for everybody to look at and identify the number. And so it seemed to provide the most transparency from our perspective.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure, that's fair enough. And now I guess what you're saying, given that we're new to this, is that your intention is early every year to provide guidance of approximately how much net income share you intend to return?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think you could probably assume that's the case. Paul, I think we did it at your conference last year. And so that's where we laid out the 50% targeted payout ratio. It's our objective to have a stated payout ratio. And again, this is the first year we did it. We set one out there. We viewed it as a target that we wanted to hit. Things went well this year. We were able to raise that target. So philosophically, I think we're going to always look at our cash flows and our free cash and decide what to do with it. And certainly we've set our priorities with the dividend now and with the share buyback program, and we'll continue to pursue it.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Jeff, I wasn't excited enough about our conference in January. I'm super-excited now, so I'll look forward to your announcement January 6.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, we always feel the same way.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Just on a really important thing for us is my second and final question. This whole thing of a view that global distillate is weak, oversupplied, really doesn't come through in your commentary at all. Is this just the strength of Latin America, or could you just provide just more detail, as you see it, on where this distillate is going, and why you can succeed in exporting so much more when there's this perception that the market globally is weak? Thanks.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Paul, this is Gary again. The way we're viewing the distillate markets, we've seen six straight weeks of draws in the stats here domestically. Export demand remains very robust. You have some seasonal maintenance that's coming in. And so I think the combination of seasonal maintenance and exports will keep domestic inventories in check. And then really the wild card is what happens with the weather and heating oil demand. As you look globally, I think a lot is being made of the stocks in the ARA [Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp]. There's just not a lot of tankage over there. So when we talk about inventory being very high, it's 8 million barrels above where it was last year. I think some of the things that we're seeing is that the Rhine River levels are low and hindering some of the typical demand pulls we see out of the ARA. So to some degree, I think we feel like some of the inventory in Europe may be understated or overstated. But we continue to see very good demand, both Latin America and Europe, for diesel, and feel pretty good about those markets.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Interesting, thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chi Chow from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Chi, please go ahead.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys. It's Chi, as you know. Hey, just following up on Paul's questions there, could you give us your export volumes for the quarter in both diesel and gasoline?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Sure, this is Gary. Gasoline, we did 89,000 barrels a day of exports, primarily in Mexico and Latin America. And on the diesel side, we did 241,000 barrels a day of exports. It was a 65:35 split between Latin America and Europe. On the distillate, if you include kerosene, it brought us to about 285,000 barrels a day of total distillates.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Gary, and then just one semantic question here. Your non-controlling interest line was a loss in the quarter. What's the detail behind that?
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: That's primarily Diamond Green Diesel. The loss had nothing to do with VLP.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, so just a loss incurred at Diamond Green?
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Yes.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks, John.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Chi.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Brad, please go ahead.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everybody. Joe, I think in the past, you've certainly had a stated goal of narrowing the multiple discount that Valero trades at versus peers. I think you've done the obvious things on that front with the dividend increases and all the repurchases, certainly showing more CapEx discipline. I'm curious as we move forward here how you see the best path towards narrowing that further. Is it just continuing to execute? Is it buying back more shares? Any color there would be helpful.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Brad, that's a good question and it's one that we continue to wrestle with as we look at the strategy going forward. It's hard to really understand what drives the multiples. We look at sum of the parts, and clearly our portfolio is more levered towards refining perhaps than the peers. And so clearly a more diversified set of earnings streams for the company would be something that might lift that multiple. The other thing that we really couldn't factor in entirely is where having a payout ratio, certainly the dividend that was below the peers might affect us from a multiple perspective. And so you address what you can in a timely manner. And we've addressed now the fact that we've lagged on the payout in the dividend, and we're continuing to look for the opportunities to grow different earnings streams within the business. And the drops from Valero to VLP clearly is targeted at trying to do this. And then we'll continue to look for good projects to grow the refining business, the renewables business, and then we'll look for other business lines that we might be able to get into. The objective would be to do it with a stronger currency. And so we continue to have this as a major point of focus, but I just don't know that there is a silver bullet that you could fire that's going to immediately get the stock rerated and have you up to where your peers are, but we're taking the actions that we can that we think will help drive that way.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that's fair. Thanks for that. And then maybe for Gary Simmons, just thinking about spreads, both Bakken and LLS are relatively tied to WTI. Is that a symptom of declining U.S. crude production? Is it a symptom of too much midstream, or is it just that maybe people haven't been able to arb things on the import side particularly quickly?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: No, I think you really hit the nail on the head. We have a combination of overbuilt logistics in light of flat to declining domestic crude production. So with the current market, the U.S. Gulf Coast bound pipelines from Mid-Continent have tariffs that are greater than where actually the market is today. So you're just seeing people with take-or-pays going ahead to ship even though it doesn't look like they have economics on paper, and that's what's really driving the differentials.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And is that something that you think is going to persist until we see a turnaround in U.S. production? For instance, have you guys changed your behavior and you're importing much more at this point and you expect that to widen the arb back out?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think the tariff and the midstream situation is here until we get some recovery in production. I would tell you on the imports, that's more the volatility between grades. I think what we saw is that as people started to see that production was falling, it was very supportive of the domestic light sweet pricing. At the same time, medium sour production in the Gulf was growing and medium sour exports in the Middle East were increasing. So all of a sudden, we saw a fairly wide differential between medium sour and light sweet, and it incentivized us to bring in a lot of imports of medium sour into our system.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Cowen & Company. Sam, please go ahead.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good morning, everybody. How are you?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Sam.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: In the press release, you guys updated the topper progress. As Brad just pointed out, LLS is below Cushing right now. Maybe the toppers fixed that. But I don't know, what do you make of what looks like everybody trying to flood the Gulf or avoid Cushing on the marketing side for crude right now? And does that change the economics of the toppers at all, or are you more excited about them or less excited than you might have been six months ago?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think the weak LLS market is actually supportive of the toppers.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Right.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Where we were with – the economics for the toppers assumed LLS/Brent flat. And so as LLS is discounted to Brent, it actually improves the economics of those toppers fairly significantly. I think some of the – two things causing the LLS-to-TI spread being where it is today. One is this overbuilt logistics and people shipping even though the economics don't appear to be supportive. And then secondly, we have a lot of imports coming into the Gulf. So ultimately, you can't keep having these inventory builds of domestic light sweet. We're going to have to see those differentials come off and incentivize refiners to go back to a lighter diet at some point in time.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks for the color. And then just revisiting the October drop and VLP in general, it's true that MLPs have been really volatile. VLP has seemed to be a lot more stable. I don't want to make you repeat yourself on the thinking behind sponsoring that drop in October maybe to a greater degree than people expected. But just to your view, do you think – it's sort of a chicken and the egg question. But how much of VLP's stability is a function of the strength of the sponsor and you demonstrating that, or how much of the structure of that drop was really preempted and maybe just more being cautious and preserving your outside capital for another time?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Our plan was to self-fund the drop. With this particular drop, though, we're now at a debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.5 times. And so we'd likely not want to be longer than that on a long-term basis. So with the next acquisition, we're going to have to go get our investment-grade credit rating, which our plan is to do that late this year or next year, have the ability to go to the debt capital markets. And then with the ratio of being 3.5 times – or approximately 3.5 times, the next acquisition also might require an equity component – or will require an equity component. So from this point forward, I think you would anticipate the capital markets.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. All right, thanks very much.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Blake, please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, guys. Good morning, just a point of clarification. Mike, you mentioned being at the top end of the peer group for dividends. I just want to double-check. I'm assuming you're using the metric as a percentage of net income and not yield or some other metric like that.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're using payout; that's correct.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And then going back to Line 9, Gary, I don't know if you can help us a little bit here. If you could just remind me, we're seeing Cushing, obviously, has been fairly depleted, and the spread between WTI/Brent has been compressed. Can you remind me of the metrics we should maybe look at as far as what is economical to actually shift those barrels on Line 9 over to Quebec? Should we be looking at Gulf Coast versus Brent, or Brent versus Cushing, just any help you can have there to help us understand it?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: So Line 9 for us is primarily fed with Western Canadian light sweet, then Bakken. And so you're really looking at that spread and comparing it to a U.S. Gulf Coast supply or a foreign light sweet alternative.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. And are there any specific numbers you can give to us where it covers transport or where it makes sense to actually move it?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I don't think we can talk about the tariff we're paying on Line 9.
Blake Fernandez - Scotia Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Blake.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Doug, please go ahead.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Doug, are you there?
Operator: Doug, your...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry, I had the volume on mute. I apologize. Good morning, everybody. Joe, one of the advantages you guys have had over the years was obviously your heavy crude diet on the Gulf Coast. And I think obviously you've now seen U.S. production it seems go into decline, at least on the domestic side. What are you thinking is the prognosis of the outlook for how you move your – or how you choose to run your crude in 2016? And I guess what's in the back of our mind is it's really more of a macro question. Iran potentially coming back on stream, one would expect U.S. production tightens up a little bit, and it seems to us that the advantage might move back in your favor. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of a heavy oil advantage.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, we'll let Gary speak to that.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: So, Doug, I think the way we see it is there's just going to be a lot of volatility between grades. And it certainly is an advantage for someone like us with the quality of refining assets that we have that can swing to a light diet, medium diet, and a heavy sour diet. And that's the way this year shaped up, and I don't think we see it much differently next year. There are times when it's certainly been an advantage to run a very light diet, and then there are other times where we see very good value in Canadian heavies or heavies from Mexico or South America.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But speaking more broadly, Gary, I think as you look at Iranian crude coming into the market, obviously, the more sour crudes that are in the market, I think it's certainly to Valero's advantage because we definitely have the ability to process it. And as Gary is pointing out, we always are optimizing the crude slate, Doug, as you know. But having more availability of sour crude, whether they be mediums or heavies, is certainly to our advantage in the Gulf.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. I have two other quick ones, if I may, Joe. I guess the second one is also on macro. Again, I don't think you're aware. We've made no secret of our concerns over what we've described as exacerbated volatility on margins, and I want to get your perspective. It goes back to your earlier question on the seasonality of gasoline. As we see it, we're sitting with higher inventories of gasoline, and the cut on light sweet crude in the U.S. seems to be significantly higher. So I'm just wondering if you've got any view as to why we've seen such wide swings on gasoline margins in the winter for the last two or three years and whether you think that repeats again this year once the current maintenance period comes up. And I've got a quick follow-up, please.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think we've definitely seen increased demand with the lower flat price. Certainly there's seasonality to gasoline. The gasoline cracks have remained stronger longer than they typically do. But I think the things that we see in the market that are supportive of gasoline going forward is the price of gasoline in the Gulf now has opened up arbs for exports. So certainly in our system we're seeing a significant increase in the volumes we're exporting. Imports to the New York harbor have fallen way off, which is supportive of gasoline. Naphtha export economics have changed to where we're really not putting naphtha into the gasoline pool now. We're exporting naphtha to the Far East. We've seen FCC margins fall off some to where you'll see some sparing of FCC capacity, and then some seasonal maintenance. So I think all of those things we feel like are supportive of the gasoline markets going forward.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, but my point is that when refinery maintenance comes to an end, if you take the exports out of the equation, you'll think of those as a relief valve, if you like. Do you think the Gulf Coast and the U.S. in general is now oversupplied gasoline in the wintertime or not?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Certainly if we run at very high utilization rates and aren't allowed to export, you could become long, but I don't think we see that that will happen.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My final one, Joe, I guess this is really more for you. The big step up in the buybacks, whether everyone agrees or not, it seems that margins have been somewhat artificially supported by everything that's gone on this year, starting on the West Coast. But why would you choose to step up to such a big level of buybacks in such a seasonal sector, at least in terms of how share prices have typically traded in the past?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, we had free cash flow available and we did what we said we were going to do, and it is what it is. I think as we look at this going forward, we laid out a target and we're going to hit it. We're not here to build cash. We're here to grow our business and to reward our shareholders. And we thought this was the right time to do it and it was the way to do it. And so that's what led to the timing. If we had had reduced margins this year, you probably wouldn't have seen us step up the target. But here again, we are owned by firms out there and individuals that are looking for a return and for us to use the cash prudently, and we think that's what we did.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, I appreciate the answer, Joe. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets. Brad, please go ahead.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, just a couple quick follow-ups. I was curious on CapEx. It appears that you are way ahead of the budget for 2015 based on the first three quarters. And it would be something like $1 billion in spending in the fourth quarter to actually reach the target. Is there a particular reason for that? Is it the crude topper spending ramping up perhaps, or why would you not be able to come in meaningfully below it?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, for our capital expenditure guidance for 2015, we do remain unchanged at $2.65 billion. Now when we provide this guidance, just to clarify, we mean capital expenditures, turnaround costs, as well as investments in joint ventures. So September year to date, our total is $1.7 billion, so we are trending below the guidance. However, as you all know, we have an option to become a 50% owner in the Diamond pipeline, and we may exercise that option in this quarter.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, got it. That's good color. Thanks for that. And then looking at the throughput guidance for the quarter, both Mid-Con and West Coast look to be maybe a little weaker than what we've expected. Is that just turnaround-related?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: We don't really give forward guidance on turnarounds. But when we set the guidance volumes, we do take turnarounds into consideration. I think if you look in the aggregate, the guidance for this quarter is similar to the fourth quarter last year.
Bradley B. Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Chi Chow from Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Chi, please go ahead.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks. I just want to follow up on the heavy crude markets. It looks like Canadian producers now, we know they have pipeline access all the way from Alberta to Houston, and it looks like the volume of deliveries have ramped up into PAD 3 to about 300,000 barrels a day plus pretty ratably year to date from Canada. How much of a structural change do you think this is with this dynamic on pipeline flows in? And how are you seeing Middle East and Latin American producers react on the pricing of their sours and heavies?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Chi, I would say we've definitely seen greater availability of Canadian heavy in the Gulf. We ran record volumes of Canadian heavy in the third quarter. Really, the medium sour pricing seems to be what's setting the price of the heavy sours. All the heavy sour producers know they have to compete with an ASCI or Mars barrel in the Gulf. And so they price their barrels to be competitive on a quality-adjusted basis with that medium sour barrel in the Gulf. And the Canadian is certainly that same way.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Gary, do you prefer to run a Canadian heavy barrel through the cokers, or would you rather go with a Maya or a Latin America heavy?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Each barrel presents their own operating challenges, so Lane may be better to answer that. But there are certainly some challenges with Canadian that we don't see with some of the South American barrels that we run. So I don't know, Lane. Do you want to add anything to that?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: You did a fine job answering that. They'd love to run marshmallows in the cokers.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Take care, Chi.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to John Locke for any closing remarks.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, Ethan. We appreciate everyone joining us today. If anyone has any additional questions, please contact me or Karen Ngo after the call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Martin Parrish - Vice President-Alternative Fuels Richard F. Lashway - Director, President & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc. Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. Mr. Locke, you may begin.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are: Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in our press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much, John, and good morning, everyone. As John will cover in more detail shortly, our team operated our system safely, reliably, and efficiently during the second quarter, allowing us to capture a very high percentage of the favorable margins available to us. In particular, we saw market conditions that incentivized maximum gasoline production in most regions. As for our priorities, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to stockholders by exceeding our total payout guidance. As reflected in the earnings release, we've increased the targeted total payout ratio for 2015 to approximately 75% of net income. We continue to advance the next dropdown transaction to Valero Energy Partners LP, which is our sponsored MLP. We've also completed our estimate of potential MLP-eligible EBITDA within our fuels distribution business. In that regard, we've identified approximately $350 million that may be eligible for dropdown transactions to VLP, which is incremental to the approximately $800 million of remaining EBITDA that we've previously identified. And finally, in regard to the proposed methanol project at St. Charles, we plan to have a final investment decision by the end of the fourth quarter. As a reminder, our prior investments in hydrogen production capacity at the refinery provide us with a competitive advantage versus a greenfield methanol plant in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. So with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Great, thank you, Joe. Now moving on to the quarterly results, we reported net income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion or $2.66 per share versus second quarter 2014 earnings per share of $1.22. The refining segment reported operating income of $2.2 billion, notwithstanding planned turnaround work on the FCC [Fluid Catalytic Cracking] and alky [alkylation] units at our Port Arthur refinery. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which is an increase of 87,000 barrels per day versus the second quarter of 2014. Our refineries operated at 96% throughput capacity utilization in the second quarter of 2015. Refining cash operating expenses were $3.66 per barrel in the second quarter of 2015, or $0.24 per barrel lower than the second quarter of 2014. Lower energy costs, primarily due to lower natural gas prices and less planned and unplanned downtime, were the main drivers for the decrease. The ethanol segment generated $108 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2015 versus $187 million in the second quarter of 2014. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $178 million in the second quarter of 2015. Also in the second quarter of 2015, net interest expense was $113 million, which is $15 million higher than in the second quarter of 2014, primarily due to the debt issuance in March of this year. Depreciation and amortization expense was $425 million. The effective tax rate was 30.8%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $7.3 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.8 billion, of which $52 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash was approximately 20%. Valero had over $5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. Cash flows in the second quarter included $530 million of capital spending, of which $160 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. We also repaid $75 million of debt that matured in June. We returned $870 million in cash to our stockholders in the second quarter, which included $203 million in dividend payments and $667 million for the purchase of 11.3 million shares of Valero common stock. Year to date we've purchased 19.5 million shares for $1.2 billion. For modeling our third quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.57 million to 1.62 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 445,000 to 465,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 275,000 to 295,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 475,000 to 495,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be around $3.75 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the third quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense excluding corporate depreciation for the third quarter to be around $180 million, and net interest expense should be about $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $450 million. And our effective tax rate is expected to be around 33%. Lastly, following the EPA's announcement of proposed RFS [Renewable Fuel Standards] targets in late May and the subsequent decline in Ethanol RINs [Renewable Identification Numbers] prices, we expect 2015 RINs expense to be between $350 million and $450 million. Tiffany, we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we will open the call to questions. During the Q&A, we ask that our callers please limit each turn to two questions. Callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. And our first question comes from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Neil, you may go ahead.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Neil.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Joe, we continue to see this tremendous bifurcation in the crack between gasoline and diesel. Is this the world that you envision here over the next couple months or even into 2016, where gasoline stays strong and diesel stays weak? And can you talk about the demand dynamics you're seeing from the product side between those two different categories?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Neil. It's probably best if Gary Simmons spoke to that. He's closest to the market.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Neil, I guess what I would say is we certainly expected some price demand elasticity for gasoline with the fall in flat price. And we've seen that, and we didn't really know exactly what the magnitude of the pent-up demand would be. And it's been a very pleasant surprise, and I think we do expect that that response will continue into the future. Overall, you talk about diesel margins being weak. Really diesel margins are about where they've been historically. It's just mainly the strength in gasoline. We would see that there would be some seasonality. As we get out of driving season, we would certainly expect some fall-off in gasoline demand. But as long as we see the lower prices, I think we expect the demand response to continue to be good.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good. And then the follow-up here is on the methanol project. Maybe I'm over-interpreting the remarks here, but it sounds like you're more constructive on a possible project. Can you talk through the pluses and minuses associated with methanol and just remind us of some of the project economics?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, we'll let Lane talk to this and then we'll all add.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Neil, this is Lane. Just as a reminder on the fundamentals of that project, it's really a natural gas-to-liquids project. And we still have a long view that natural gas is going to be advantaged going forward, and it is one of the most economical ways to get natural gas into the liquids, crude-related pricing environment. We did review all of the way up through Gate 3. The project still looks good. But as we've mentioned in all of our Investor Relations meetings, where we are now is trying to get the right deal with a partner to make this a good deal for our shareholders, and that's what we're working on currently. And we expect to have some resolution on that by the end of this year or early first quarter. What else was it?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that covers it. Neil, honestly, the project looks good and the guys have now identified what the capital might look like, and we're just working through the negotiations with a partner on what the transaction might look like. We consider having gas-to-liquids projects as good projects for us. We also consider that entering into what we would consider to a be a bit of a new line of business, it's always prudent to try to manage that risk and to look for opportunities not only to do a project like this but additional projects going forward. So again, we continue to advance it. I would tell you we feel pretty good about it. And if we can get the type of deal that we're looking for, I would suspect that we'd advance it.
Neil S. Mehta - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Joe.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Paul, you may go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Joe, one of your competitors recently did a deal using the high-currency MLP vehicle to buy another MLP, and the end result for the C-Corp has been quite excellent. And last year the other competitor of yours did something similar. So I know that you guys have been focusing on the dropdown. But given the success from your competitor, is that something that you guys will reconsider, maybe shifting the strategy a bit here or that you're going to stick with dropdown?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Paul, I didn't see the transaction that you're talking about. I'm teasing you. But I think, look, we've seen two transactions now take place like this. Let me start by saying we clearly understand the value of the general partnership and we understand the value of pushing to the high splits. That being said, we're very comfortable with the approach that we've taken thus far with our dropdowns. We'll execute the second dropdown transaction later this year, and I think that you could expect that going into next year that dropdowns will probably be accelerated somewhat further. But it's always a matter of opportunity and timing, and for us we don't believe that VLP currently is positioned to do a transaction similar to this on their own. They don't have their investment-grade rating. We're probably a year behind these others in getting an MLP into the marketplace. And so we believe that right now the most prudent thing to do is to execute the strategy that we've laid out, and then longer term we'll look for opportunities. And obviously, these deals seem to be a double-edged sword. They do create significant value at the C-Corp, but they've also had a fairly questionable effect on the LP. And so in a perfect world, we could get a transaction that would benefit both, but right now our focus is on continuing to do the dropdowns.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, second question. Maybe this is for you or for Simmons. There seems to be a tightness in the alkylate or the high-octane component in the market today, and I just want to see whether you guys agree with that assessment. And secondly that if it is, how do you think the impact on the industry gasoline supply as well as the gasoline crack? Thank you.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yes, Paul, so this is Gary. We certainly do see that all heavy octane components are trading at a significant premium. I think there are several driving factors here that are causing that to occur. One, you have a very wide spread between naphtha and gasoline, so that's incentivizing people to try to blend naphtha into the gasoline pool. In order to make that happen, you have to have a high octane blend component. The second thing that's happened is there has been quite a bit of planned and unplanned maintenance on re-formers and Appalachian units throughout the industry. So some of it is supply-related. And then finally, some of these export markets, in particular Mexico, we're seeing a lot of good demand for Mexico for gasoline. And although the octane retirements in Mexico are comparable to what we have here in the U.S., they have an olefin spec on their gasoline, NPT and olefins, and that forces you to blend a lot more reformate and alkylate and less TET gasoline in order to sell your product into that market. So I think this is something that we see that will continue into the future.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Gary, can I ask a slightly somewhat different question? With the LLS mass discount we know with Maya is over $4 and LLS priced at $50, it seems like you guys must be printing money in processing the medium sour, and especially comparing to the Maya discount is not really attractive. So do you think that it will ultimately force the Maya discount to be wider now, or that you're actually going to see the mass discount narrow from here?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think we're into a period where the crude discounts will be very favorable for us in the third quarter. Yes, economically right now we're incentivized to maximize medium sours in our system. I think the hard thing to see when you talk about heavy sours is certainly we agree with your comment; Maya is not priced competitively today. When we roll to August, they have widened the K by another $1.50. And most of the heavy sours that we're buying are not off the Maya formula, which gives us a good incentive for those as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. You may go ahead, Ed.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I think gasoline is going to be a seam – congrats on the results. I was just looking at a chart which showed that globally we're 2.5 million barrels a day more gasoline demand than we were before the financial crisis. So how possible is it do you think, and obviously specs have tightened as well around the world, particularly for summer grades. And how possible is it do you think that we just hit a tipping point and this could take some time to resolve?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think it will take some time to resolve. We're certainly running all of our gasoline producing units at max utilization. We've seen good utilization in Europe. And as you've mentioned, we're having trouble keeping up with gasoline inventories. So I think it will be here for an extended period.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Coming back then to the more strategic payout versus growth, obviously you've been very clear about what you're planning to do this year. Presumably with VLP also being a little bit, should we say, still needing to develop before you could do something maybe more strategic with that, you would continue to adopt that through into 2016 because obviously your guidance was very much this year. Maybe some broader comments about payout versus reinvesting for growth in the business.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, and so let's put VLP to the side for just a minute. But, Ed, we believe that growth and return of cash to shareholders aren't mutually exclusive, and I think that we've been demonstrating that. We've shared in our analyst presentations a definition of what we would consider to be discretionary and non-discretionary uses of cash, and we explained how we've created a competition within Valero for the use of that cash. And from a capital project perspective, it's largely based on the adequacy of the returns and then the timing to get the projects through our gated process to where we're looking at doing that. But I don't want – with our increase in the payout ratio, we view this as an opportunity to return what we would deem to be excess cash to shareholders. It's not at the expense of starving the organization of capital certainly for our maintenance projects but also for our growth strategy projects. We forget that we've got two crude units that we've spent somewhere around $800 million on excluding tanks and infrastructure to support those. Those two projects will be on the first part of next year. We've got investments that we made in Line 9 assets that are going to allow us to take that crude into the refineries, which will provide significant crude benefits for us. That hasn't shown up yet in the earnings because of course Line 9 isn't functioning yet. So we've got a lot of things we're doing to drive growth in the earnings of our business in addition to returning cash to shareholders. But as we've communicated clearly too, I think we're being very disciplined in our assessment and in our communications of our plans around these projects, and we'll continue to do that. It doesn't mean that Lane and his team aren't looking at a host of very interesting projects for the refining business, but they tend not to be of the order of magnitude like the hydrocracker projects. They tend to be smaller, higher returns, and projects that we can execute quicker. As we run them to ground, we'll be happy to share them.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much, very clear.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe. Paul, you may go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. Hi, everyone. Could you talk a little bit about the outlook for utilization in the back half of the year, turnaround season firstly for you guys to the extent that you're prepared to do that? And then if you've got any observations on how you see the industry running, that would be helpful. Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, Paul, this is Lane. So, we don't really provide forward-looking comments on our turnaround, but I will say I think you'll see a seasonal drop in utilization in the industry going into the late third and obviously the fourth quarter. But I do think you're going to see a pretty heavy turnaround season in the first and second quarter of next year. If you think back, we had the USW strikes, which caused many of our counterparts to delay much of their turnaround activity. So talking to our main contractors, we believe there's going to be a heavy turnaround season in the first half of next year.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Interesting. Lane, while I've got you, could you talk a bit more about crude markets? Particularly, we've been consistently surprised this earnings season by the strength of U.S. oil production through Q2. And also I guess imports are high, and you've talked about some of the spreads that are attractive to you as regards imported barrels. How do you see the market playing out now? Do you get the sense that we are going to see a rollover in U.S. production or not? And also how sustainable do you think the import story is going to be? Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Paul, I'm going to have defer to my esteemed colleague, Mr. Simmons, on that, so he'll answer that.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think we've been surprised with the decline in rig count, production still seems to be holding. I don't really know that I can give you much insight whether that will continue or not. I think what we're seeing in terms of the imports is just the volatility in the crude markets. The Brent/TI [WTI] spread comes in and incentivizes people to start importing foreign light sweet. As we talked about in the past, the first place we tend to do that is our Quebec refinery, which we did in the second quarter. In fact, the Brent/TI spread got narrow enough that we even took some foreign light sweet into St. James. You see that same dynamic hold on the medium sours. We maximize Mars and domestic medium sour production into our refineries. And then as the differentials come in, we actually brought in some Brazilian grades to compete with that when the markets get tight. So I think as long as you see this volatility, you'll continue to see windows where it supports imports of crudes into the market.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Sure, and I've seen particularly that the foreign light sweet is basically just West African that bounces in and out depending on where the spreads are.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Primarily, yes.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: When we go into turnaround season coming up and as distillate takes leadership in the market in general, I guess you'd be anticipating lower crude prices through Q3 and Q4 if we turn around – at least to this extent turn around the U.S. refining system.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yes, I would suspect that that would happen. We're sitting on a pretty good overhang of crude oil inventory here in the U.S. We're 90 million barrels above where we were last year. So with that overhang and then heading into a typical maintenance period where refiner demand is down, you would think that that would have pressure on the price of crude oil.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Just checking, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Evan, you may go ahead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys, and I look forward to the VLP strategy evolution over time. My question is maybe a follow-up on the buyback. Given the cash position, especially with the dropdowns, and I know you raised that potential today, your net debt to cap is at 6%. Does that really imply that while active that you're pacing the buyback so you can continue at maybe a similar rate, even in the potentially seasonally weaker margins of other quarters, or really relate to some of the projects that you're maturing in your portfolio with the potential to change that CapEx outlook for 2016?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: When we look at our rate on our buybacks, this is Mike. We do look at our future capital and working capital requirements, and then also what we've committed to do to date. But we do realize that we had a great quarter. Our cash balance built despite doubling our buyback rate. So we will continue to look at these things as we move through the year.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And then, Evan, though, the tail on your question addressed 2016 CapEx. And we haven't gone through the process of reviewing 2016 details with the Board of Directors yet, so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But we don't see any material change to 2016's numbers. We've got good projects that have good returns, but as I mentioned, they tend to be much smaller. And we don't expect we're going to come out with a big huge capital number to drop on you.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, even with the methanol and/or alky unit proceeding?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, the methanol plant, as we've talked about, what we're really looking for in a partner there is somebody who's willing to put skin in the game along with us. And of course, we would view a significant part of our capital contribution to be the infrastructure and other assets that we're bringing to the table. So let's just assume that you're talking about a project that's somewhere around $900 million to begin with, and you ended up with a 50:50 relationship, and part of our contribution to that is going to be what we have in place today. You're not talking about a significant amount of capital from Valero's perspective. We are willing to put some in, but I don't think it's going to exceed anything that we've shared with you. In fact, I'm certain it won't to date. That being said, that project somewhat hinges on our ability to get the kind of transaction that we're comfortable with, number one, that brings expertise to the table; and number two, provides a potential platform for us to do additional transactions down the road. So that's really our view on that. Do you guys want to speak to alky at all?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Yeah. Evan, this is Lane. So the alky is still in the gated process. It still looks okay. We're going to reach a funding decision, yes or no, somewhere in the first quarter of next year.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, that's good news, guys. And if I could just maybe get one follow-up as we're talking about capital projects, any detail on the McKee expansion startup and/or Line 9 in the back half the year? Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Evan, this is Lane. I'll answer McKee and I'll let Gary answer Line 9. So McKee, we should have the projects entirely complete in September, and that's a plus 25,000 barrel per day crude throughput, so that's the status of that project.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: And on Line 9, Enbridge did get the approval to start up the pipeline from the National Energy Board, which was good news. However, they had a stipulation that they had to hydro-test three sections of the line. They have a plan to do that which has also been approved by the National Energy Board. It does require some permits that they don't have, and then we don't know what will happen with the hydro test. But for us, assuming everything goes well, there's a chance that Line 9 is operational by the end of the year.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good, thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Evan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert of Simmons. Jeff, you may go ahead.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Could you talk about product exports for the quarter, especially I guess both gasoline and diesel, and what you're seeing in the international markets there? And perhaps talk about opportunities to sell gasoline out of the Gulf Coast into California as well.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Jeff, this is Gary. Our export volumes of gasoline were down a little bit in the second quarter, and it was primarily just due to the strength of the domestic markets. We exported 76,000 barrels a day of gasoline. Most all of that volume went to Mexico and Latin America. A small amount of it went to Eastern Canada. On the distillate side, we did 235,000 barrels per day of diesel; then we did another 45,000 barrels per day of jet kero. So total distillates were 280,000 barrels per day, most of that to Latin America. We also sent some of that to Europe. Over 60% of it was to Latin America though. As far as your question on Gulf Coast exports to the West Coast, in our system, mainly because of Jones Act 3, the way that optimization works is we generally supply West Coast barrels from our Pembroke refinery, and we did do that in the second quarter. Pembroke blended CARB [California Air Resources Board] gasoline, which we took to the West Coast.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Got you. And secondly, the industry is focused on distillate yield over time, with a historical growth rate that was more rapid for diesel than for gasoline. Recently, it seemed gasoline demand has been really strong. Can you talk about maybe some of the major drivers there and how sustainable you think that trend might be?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think that the big driver for gasoline demand has just been the lower flat price and demand elasticity and the response to the lower flat price. And so I think as long as we're in this lower price environment, we'll see good gasoline demand moving forward.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Got you. And finally, you've got the Houston-Appalachian unit projects that you've been talking about. And with the tightness in octane, do you see other projects developing to bring more octane into your portfolio?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, this is Lane. The only thing we're really, we'll have to – obviously, our re-former margins are very wide. Naphtha is very discounted. We're focused on getting our re-forming unit capability tuned up. We've been working on it all summer to make sure that we are getting full utilization of our current assets. We don't have a whole lot of other, besides the alky, of projects in the pipeline to address the shortage on the octane side yet.
Jeffery Alan Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Okay, thanks for your comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chi Chow of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. You may go ahead.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks a lot.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Chi.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Hi, Joe. How are you doing?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: It looks like you've had this structural uptick in margin capture in the North Atlantic region really over the last four quarters or so. Is this really the result of crude slate optimization at Quebec, or are there other factors contributing to that trend?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Chi, I would say that the biggest driving factor has certainly been that we're supplying the Quebec refinery with domestic crude from the U.S. Gulf Coast. Again, that's an economic optimization, but we've put our Corpus dock in place during the quarter, which gave us a further incentive to get those barrels to Quebec. In April, 95% of the barrels we ran in Quebec were domestic barrels, and I think that's been the biggest reason.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And do you believe once Line 9 starts up, are you going to get another uptick in that capture rate just with the additional flexibility you've got with Line 9?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yes, we certainly think that that will be the case. If you look at today's economics, a barrel off Line 9 into Quebec would have about a $3 a barrel margin advantage over something that we're sourcing from the Gulf Coast. So if this holds, it would be a fairly significant uplift.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good to hear, okay. And what's your outlook for refining dynamics in Europe going forward here for Pembroke?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Pembroke is a little bit unique, I would say, Chi, in that it's really satisfying that the domestic market in the UK with some export capability. So it tends to not be as exposed to import barrels, for example, as some of the other European refineries might be. But I think our view is the same. Longer term, Western Europe and the Med have probably the least competitive refineries out there. And as barrels move into those markets, they're going to be exposed.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: All right, okay, one final question here. In California, obviously, it's been a great environment out there this year. How do you see things playing out in the second half? Do you expect ongoing strong gasoline cracks there for the balance of the year?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yes, it's difficult to predict. Certainly, as you know, as we head out of driving season, demand weakens a little bit, and then you get more butane blending into the pool. That will swell production some. So to me, a lot of what happens on the West Coast will be supply-driven. And some of these refinery outages that we've been seeing, will they continue or not will really determine how strong the West Coast market will be.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: But your plants are running well at this point out there?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Chi, this is Lane. I've got to knock on wood, they've been running very well.
Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: It shows up in the second quarter. Okay, thanks a lot.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Faisel Khan of Citigroup. You may go ahead.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Faisel. How are you, Faisel?
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right, just a couple quick questions. First is just going back to some of the comments around your payout ratio, I just want to make sure I understand. So this year we're looking at a 75% payout ratio. And then just so I understand how that evolves as we go into next year, is it wait and see, or should we expect something similar in that range? I appreciate all the commentary around capital spending and everything.
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We're in the process of running I guess our strategic plan and budget for next year, and so we really haven't come up with guidance that we're prepared to give at this particular time.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, understood. Is it fair to say there's – is there something special about this year versus the forward years that makes the payout ratio 75% this year different than – I'm just trying to understand how you guys are philosophically looking at the outlook on this payout ratio.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Philosophically, we started the year saying we want to achieve a minimum 50% payout ratio. I think you could expect that if the business is performing, that would be a minimum that we'd like to live with going forward. You know the potential volatility in this business, and so what we have committed to is we've given you an indication of what we deem to be the minimum cash that we want to keep on the balance sheet. We've got a capital budget that's certainly under control and very manageable. And the other thing we can tell you is that we don't plan to raffle cash. So depending on the performance in the business, we would look at returning surplus cash flows to shareholders. That being said, there are other opportunities that may come up that from quarter to quarter we'd want to change that. But again, if you look at what we've said in the analyst presentations, we're committed to maintaining the assets. We're committed to the dividend. We will continue to look at the dividend going forward and make changes as we see fit. And then we're going to let the investment-grade rating overall govern it. So I think we're very comfortable taking this year's payout to 75%, and I think you could expect that we'll try to maintain a 50% level going forward.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's very clear, thank you. This is the last question. I believe you've received the last set of rail cars, the 5,300 you purchased. I'm trying to understand. How is that fleet being utilized now? I know the differentials have been pretty narrow. But I'm just trying to understand what the fleet utilization is given the current market situation.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: We certainly saw in the second quarter that we didn't have near the advantage to ship crude by rail that we have been seeing in the past. However, the differentials are coming back up, and so we see that we'll start ramping up volumes in our Lucas terminal. We're still taking volume to Memphis via rail, St. Charles as well. So we're utilizing the rail cars, and then some of the general purpose cars that we have we are going ahead and transitioning into our ethanol service.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Martin Parrish - Vice President-Alternative Fuels: And this is Martin Parrish. On the ethanol, we run at least 2,800 cars there routinely in that business. We don't see that changing, so we've got a lot of room there for rail cars.
Faisel H. Khan - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great, thanks for the time, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Gresh of JPMorgan. Philip, you may go ahead.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, so just one follow-up first on the distillate exports. Obviously, the trends have softened over in Asia in the past month or so. I was just wondering what you're seeing more recently relative to the 2Q trend and whether that distillate arb is still there for export. Just in general, what's going on?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I think we're still seeing good demand in Latin America for the distillate exports. That's still there. The other big market for us, Europe, we've been hovering around breakeven, and it's still about there. The big thing that's impacting that is freight. So the freight has been varying anywhere from $0.07 to $0.11. And depending on freight, it means that the arb is either open or closed. I would tell you today it's about breakeven.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it, okay. And on the commentary about potentially accelerating drops, I'm curious how you're thinking about the capacity for drops right now. And if you accelerate it, how much more would you be able to do? How much could the market handle in your view?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It wasn't really commentary. It was just a comment. And I think that what we've done, this year we're going to end up slightly over our $1 billion. Next year I think we'll end up slightly over what we're doing this year. Your sense on how big that market is, is probably as good as our sense on how big that market is. But we think that we can execute the transactions and do the drops on the pace that we're thinking about without rattling the market. So, Rich, is there anything that you'd add to that?
Richard F. Lashway - Director, President & Chief Operating Officer: No, I think that's the plan and to grow distributions in that targeted 25% range.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. Phil, we just haven't wavered on that. And I don't know if you could hear Rich or not but the point was that we've still got the 25%-plus distribution growth as our target.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure, okay. And just to confirm on the buybacks that the buyback target is just as a percent of net income and you're going to also add in 100% of all dropped capital on top of that in terms of buybacks. I believe that's something you said in the past. I just wanted to confirm that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me say what we've said in the past is 50% plus the cash proceeds for buybacks. So resetting the target to 75% of net income is now going to be 75% of net income. Mike, you want to elaborate on that?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: No, that's pretty much it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So the drops, of course, and you know this, Phil. We haven't taken a lot of free cash in on these drops yet. And until VLP has access to the public markets, we'll probably continue to have a limited amount of cash that we get from VLP for the drops. So from our perspective, what we've done is just simplify the way to look at this, and we're saying it's 75% of net income.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, fair enough. And I guess to the extent that M&A opportunities do come up on the midstream side, and you've mentioned you'd rather wait a year to get investment-grade, et cetera. But if something comes up that is attractive to you, would you consider doing M&A at the Valero level for midstream and then dropping it down later, or is it more of a let's wait and see how it goes for the next year and not really looking at those sets of opportunities right now?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Would we consider doing an acquisition the Valero Energy level? Sure, we would look at that and compare that to our other uses of cash and make that decision, but we would consider it.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Phil, we're not opposed at all to acquisitions, and we tend to look at everything that's out there. And we're well positioned to do acquisitions, but we just haven't found one yet that we think adds value for Valero shareholders.
Philip M. Gresh - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Fair enough. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning, everybody.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Joe, periodically you've talked about whether the West Coast was strategic for Valero. And obviously, it's been – I guess with the Torrance situation in February that this sector has never really looked back against the strong gasoline demand. So I'm just curious. Does your view on the strategic importance of the West Coast change given recent events, or just update us on how you're thinking about that?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Doug, honestly, I think it's been in the past and it's really well in the past that we looked at potential dispositions around the West Coast. Subsequently, we've said that we view the West Coast as a great option. I think Lane has answered the question that even when margins were challenged out there, we were cash flow positive on the West Coast. We continue to monitor our investments out there so that we don't end up going cash flow negative, but it does provide a very interesting option for periods like this where we've got basically extraordinary cracks. And so I would tell you that this management team hasn't changed their perception, that we really like having the West Coast assets, which as Lane said, are running very well. They have strong management teams. We're very comfortable and pleased to have them as part of this asset portfolio.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I appreciate the answer. Joe, my follow-up is really more really to get your sense as to what you're really seeing in this market currently. And really you've not made any secret of the fact that we all know this is a seasonal business and we've had a lot of extraordinary events this year, starting with Torrance, albeit against a backdrop of very strong demand. And I guess what I'm really getting at is that last year gasoline cracks were zero in December, and we're probably going to see 0.5 million barrel a day drop in demand in gasoline seasonally between now and the end of the year. So my question to you is do we see the typical rotation towards distillate given where distillate cracks are right now from yourselves and from your peers? And not so much from your peers but from yourselves as far as what your plan would be? If your LP is still telling you to max gasoline, do you keep running that until it flips even though the gasoline demand drops? Because obviously that's a harbinger for weaker gasoline cracks in the second half of the year. So we're all wrestling with this, obviously I just want to get your perspective as to how you're planning to run Valero's business if cracks remain at a significant premium for gasoline over diesel.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet. Gary, do you want to?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: Yeah, so overall, the way our optimization works is it would be like you suggested. We would continue to maximize gasoline as long as the prompt market supports doing that. Looking forward, I do see that you'll have the general seasonal trends and that we'll see some fall-off in gasoline demand, again, a lot of that probably weather related. But I would expect as we head into the third and fourth quarter that gasoline would get some weaker and distillates strengthen, and we'll put ourselves back into a max distillate mode. The other thing I think happens in the market is, the Northwest Europe 2-1-1 yesterday was around $15. And as it falls below $15, that's when you start to see utilization in Europe fall. And so I think you'll see utilization fall, some due to economics in Europe and then also seasonal maintenance, which will open up the distillate arb again from the U.S. Gulf to start supplying that market with diesel.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Gary, maybe I could just risk a quick follow-up on that topic. There has been a lot of chatter about delays and ultimately startups, and you're finally coming in Middle East refining. That obviously is probably going to back into the Atlantic Basin some European product. So I'm just curious. From an international perspective, we've all been waiting on this international refinery expansion coming, and it never really seems to have arisen. Do you have any perspective as to whether those things are finally coming online, and if so, how you see it impacting the current market environment? And I'll leave it there, thank you.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: The only thing I can really tell you is we have not seen an impact in the current market from anything happening in terms of the refinery capacity additions. And our view is that the place that you'll probably see that is more in the eastern Med, which is not really a market we tend to go into.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Doesn't that back into the Atlantic Basin though?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: It could, but again, we have not seen any indication of that as of yet.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Doug, the other thing to keep in mind is that U.S. Gulf Coast refining is very competitive. And so your concern is that ultimately these barrels get pushed back at us, what you might do is have some rationalization. But I think that goes to – if you're going to assume it's a zero-sum game, there's going to be winners and losers, and U.S. Gulf Coast refining is going to hold its own very well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. You may go ahead.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Talked a lot about returning capital to shareholders and improvement this year and absolutely deserve congratulations for that. I'm curious though. Given a year where margins have been so strong, obviously helped out on the West Coast, fairly – if I look at Q3 guidance for throughputs, not really much growth year over year relative to actual numbers. The growth in McKee, what else should we be thinking of as we look forward to 2016 in terms of thinking about earnings growth or cash flow growth or free cash generation? Is it more modest CapEx that helps out? It's hard for us to think about replicating West Coast margins, although the Gulf Coast could obviously be strong. I'm just trying to think about, other than the growth in VLP, where else do we look for some increases in 2016 and maybe into 2017?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We spoke to this briefly earlier today. We've got three projects that will be on stream certainly by the beginning of next year. We've got the two crude toppers, Corpus and Houston, and those will produce significant returns for our shareholders. And then we've got the Line 9 project, which Gary mentioned earlier. We've invested a couple hundred million dollars to prepare to process that crude at our refineries and we haven't received the benefit of that yet. So we've got those three things that are clearly in hand. And then down the road we've got the Diamond pipeline, which will certainly add benefit to the Memphis refinery. And then as I mentioned, we've got the methanol project that we continue to look at. And then Lane's got some other smaller that you'd almost call self-help or optimization projects, which we're running the traps on. And then Martin Parrish has some of those similar type of projects for the ethanol business. So there's no hydrocracker, Roger, that's coming on that's going to create some step change in what we're looking at, but we don't feel we need to do that. We've got a great portfolio that we're executing very well. We have a great team that's making sure that our assets are available and running, and we will see continued growth as a result of that.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I appreciate the answer. And then getting back to the questions that have been asked earlier on the distillates side, a small part of the overall complex, the jet inventories have really increased significantly over the last several months. I'm just wondering if there's any color you can provide on that. I'm talking about total U.S., but you could also point to Gulf Coast jet is up fairly significantly.
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: I really don't know that I have any commentary on that, Roger, on what's driving that.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, good enough for me. Thanks, guys.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. You may go ahead.
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning. I hope you're doing well. Gary, I wanted to go back. I think there was a lot of discussion on the strength of gasoline, and you talked about potentially maximizing distillate and gasoline depending on the market dynamics. If my model is set up correctly, it looks like you've been trending at a product yield toward gasoline to the tune of about 48% pretty consistently. Can you remind us what kind of flexibility you actually have to swing that back and forth?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: This is Lane. I'll give it a shot. So right now with naphtha so dislocated, normally we'd flex that in and out of the distillate pool, but you really need to compare it to jet. So if you say if it's really discounted we're going to take that out of the mix. We have about probably a 4% ability to change our gasoline to distillate mix. If you were to be in a posture where you have been trying to make naphtha, it would be even bigger than that. It would be more like 8% to 9%. But today, we've been trying to minimize naphtha just because of where the market is on naphtha.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, Lane, is it fair to think going into 3Q we may see a little bit higher yield on gasoline just given its strength here?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Gary alluded to it earlier. We run our models and we have a forward view and we run our assets into that forward view. And I think seasonally, most of it – somewhere in October-ish we normally see a switch in the signals where we'll maximize diesel at the expense of gasoline.
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Okay.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Blake, are you trying to understand, are we maximized on gasoline today at a 48% yield?
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Yes, yes.
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: The answer to that is yes.
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: Okay, okay, I'm just trying to get a step change going in moving forward. So, Joe, you briefly touched on M&A at the parent company level. And I guess as I look at the equity price moving higher as a result of these aggressive buybacks, I'm just curious. Is it fair to think that as the stock price moves higher and you have considerations of what to do with capital, does asset-based M&A become more likely as Valero shares move higher?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say it's more likely because, Blake, we always have an eye towards it, and we tend – and historically we've done this too. We've tended to look at M&A opportunities outside of the context of the capital budget because Mike's got a balance sheet here that's like gold-plated, and so we have plenty of opportunity here without using the equity to do that. Our real focus here has been twofold, and we've talked with you about this. Number one, try to demonstrate earnings potential for the company through excellent operations, and try to get our multiple to the point where we're not trading at a discount to the peer group, and that's the number one focus. Number two then, what that does is provide you with the opportunity to do something with the equity if you ever choose to do a very significant transaction. And although we don't have anything like that on the radar screen today, we could do fairly sizeable transactions with the balance sheet as it sits today without – and in this case, it would be highly accretive transactions without negatively impacting things. Now that being said, we've looked at the market, we've looked at what's out there, and we just haven't seen anything yet that warrants us to do that.
Blake M. Fernandez - Howard Weil, Inc.: That's very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern of RBC. Brad, you may go ahead.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, everybody, maybe one for Gary. Thinking about McKee, you guys have obviously made some strides into getting more Midland barrels into that refinery. Do you have any thoughts on Midland trading at a premium right now, whether you think that's sustainable, and whether you guys are optimizing the Midland out of that refinery and going back to Cushing, or how are you dealing with it in?
Gary K. Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations & Systems Optimization: We don't have a lot of flexibility at McKee to swing between the Midland and Cushing markets. A lot of what we have are term contracts with producers that are tied to one market or the other. I think we're probably in a realm where Midland stays fairly strong because there's a lot of takeaway capacity from that market. And so our view would be that Midland stays pretty close to parity to the Cushing market or could trade at a slight premium to it.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks for that. And then, Joe, any thoughts on the proposed renewable volume obligations at this point?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's very interesting, and I'm sure you've read some of the same stuff that we've read here recently. The notion of shifting the obligation seems to be being recognized as a potential positive. I think that there was a letter that was put out here this past week that somebody shot across my desk, which talked about the fact that shifting the obligation might actually lead to incremental blending of ethanol. And so it certainly would be a huge benefit to us if that were to take place. Martin, is there anything you'd like to add?
Martin Parrish - Vice President-Alternative Fuels: I think on the RVOs itself, certainly for 2015 it's pretty achievable. You get a little tighter to the blend wall in 2016. But with the carryover RIN, we don't see that as a real big issue. So the question, as Joe said, is where does the obligated party go and what happens in 2017.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And that's more of a long-term solution for us than short-term relief, but we're hopeful. We always are.
Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Paul Cheng with Barclays. You may go ahead.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys, two quick follow-ups. One, in the past, Joe, I think Valero raised dividends two times a year, and the second time is around this time. And so on a going-forward basis, have you guys changed the process to become more of an annual process?
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Paul. We have raised it two times a year. Typically, they've been a little bit more modest than the one that we did back in January. And I can let Mike speak to this a little bit. Do you want to take a shot?
Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I guess we had a very significant increase in the dividend in January. And as I had mentioned earlier, obviously, we've got a material amount of cash, so we will be looking at our options to utilize that cash over the next few months. One of those is obviously the dividend.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. I guess, Joe, what I'm asking is that is there an intent, effort from management to change that to become an annual consideration, or that this is more ad hoc, that we shouldn't really look at say in the past it was two times a year and now that you look like this year is one time, to see if there's a process that we should know.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I understand, Paul. Let me just say this. Bi-annual (sic) [Semi-annual] (59:36) increases in the distribution, in the dividend, wasn't something that we've institutionalized. And so in this case, the large increase we had back in January was because we were lagging. And I think we have a sense that there's opportunity to raise the dividend again. Now what I don't want you to do is hold me something going forward that we're going to continue to raise the dividend twice a year into perpetuity. But I do think it's safe to say, as Mike described, that we're taking a good hard look at it. And, Paul, you know how devastating it is if anyone ever has to cut the dividend, so we're more deliberate on that. It's obviously easier for us and provides for flexibility to buy back shares and return cash that way, but we are looking at the dividend.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. The second one is for Lane to see if there's any opportunity in the reformate (1:00:32) for your alkylate or re-former units in your system, or that you're already maxxed out, there's really not much of a debottleneck opportunity there?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: Hey, Paul, I alluded to this earlier. We did, this was unusual versus where the signals around the re-formers have been in a couple of years. So we had to relearn in terms of where we could run the re-formers. We've always been maximizing alkylate. Our alkylation units have been very good for several years now, but we are at our maximum in reformate and alkylate capacity today.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Have you gone into and seen whether you can make some small investment and be able to expand the capacity on those units inside your system, or that you haven't done that process yet?
R. Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations & Engineering: We are. We did a robust look at all of our alkys. We started really looking at our alkylation units about three years ago and figuring out where we want to spend – where we wanted to put the dollars, and that's where we landed on this Houston alkylation project. Obviously, it's in our gated process. Joe has mentioned several times on the call. We have a list of smaller projects that we're working. We're being careful not to try to tout them ahead of when they would be ready for show time. But there's clearly an opportunity to address this octane shortfall in the market, and so we're obviously working with those projects.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. You may proceed with closing remarks.
John Locke - Executive Director-Investor Relations: Okay, we appreciate all of those who called in today and everyone listening. If you have any additional questions, please contact me or Karen [Ngo]. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Executive Director, IR Joe Gorder - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Lane Riggs - EVP, Refining Operations and Engineering Gary Simmons - SVP, Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization Martin Parrish - VP, Alternative Fuels
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Barclays Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company Roger Read - Wells Fargo Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Paul Cheng - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports 2015 First Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Christine and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to John Locke. You may begin.
John Locke: Thank you, Christine. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
Joe Gorder: Well thanks, John and good morning everyone. As John will cover in more detail shortly, we reported record first quarter earnings per share. With great performance in a favorable margin environment we demonstrated Valero's earnings power in a heavy maintenance period. The one thing that I'd like to reaffirm with you before we proceed is that our team remains focused on executing our strategies to improve our valuation through operations excellence, optimizing our business through disciplined capital allocation and unlocking asset value. With that John I'll hand it back over to you.
John Locke: Okay, great thank you Joe. What we like to do now is highlight a few accomplishments this quarter, that aligned with our key strategies and then we’ll cover the quarterly results. As noted in the release our focus on operations excellence yielded solid results while we successfully managed the heavy turnaround season in the first quarter. For the remainder of 2015 we have a lighter schedule of planned maintenance compared to the first quarter. We remain committed to deliver a payout ratio of earnings to our stockholders that exceeds 2014's ratio at 50%. So far we are on track to meet this goal with a 55% payout ratio on first quarter of 2015 earnings. Regarding capital investments, we continue to optimize and improve our business while maintaining rigor in our capital budget. For 2015 we maintained our guidance for capital spending, including turnarounds and catalysts at approximately $2.65 billion which excludes a $150 million for a St. Charles Methanol project. The proposed St. Charles Methanol project and Houston alkylation units remain under valuation and are progressing through our gaited project management process. We expect to make final investment decisions on these projects later in the second quarter. With respect to unlocking asset value and accelerating the growth of Valero Energy Partners LP, which is our sponsored Master Limited Partnership, we are clearly delivering growth and have a backlog of assets to dropdown. Given the closing of the $671 million dropdown of our Houston and St. Charles Terminal Services business in March we’re on track to complete our goal of $1 billion of dropdown transactions in 2015. Now moving on to the quarterly results we reported net income from continuing operations of $964 million or $1.87 per share for the first quarter of 2015. Earnings per share was 21% higher than first quarter 2014 earnings per share of $1.54. The refining segment reported first quarter 2015 operating income of $1.6 billion versus $1.3 billion in the first quarter of 2014. We covered the key drivers of this increase in the release but I'd like to highlight that while discounts were more narrow this quarter for most sweet and sour crude oils relative to Brent crude oil on a dollar per barrel basis. On a percentage discount basis these crude were priced more favorably in 2015. For example, in the first quarter of 2015 my [ph] priced on average at a 20% discount to Brent versus a 17% discount in the first quarter of 2014. Our significant crude side flexibility allows us to adjust feedstocks and optimize margins based on the discount environment. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.7 million barrels per day in the first quarter of 2015, which is an increase of 9,000 barrels per day versus the first quarter of 2014. Volumes and utilization rates in both periods were impacted by heavy plant maintenance. Refining cash operating expenses were $3.95 per barrel in the first quarter of 2015 or $0.04 per barrel lower than the first quarter of 2014. That’s our 12th consecutive quarter with cash operating expenses below $4 per barrel. Our focus on safe and reliable operations, combined with advanced domestic energy costs provide us a global manufacturing competitive advantage. The ethanol segment generated $12 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2015 versus $243 million in the first quarter of 2014. While Ethanol margins compressed in the first quarter of 2015 they have rebounded some here in April. Longer term we believe Ethanol remains a key component of the transportation fuel mix. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $147 million in the first quarter of 2015, which is $13 million lower than the first quarter of 2014, primarily due to changes in legal reserves. Also in the first quarter of 2015, net interest expense was $101 million and total depreciation and amortization expense was $441 million. The effective tax rate was 31.7%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end total debt was $7.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.9 billion of which $28 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net [ph] of $2 billion in cash was 20.3%.Valero had over $10 billion of available liquidity including cash. Cash flows in the first quarter included $698 million in capital spending, of which $240 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. We also issued $1.45 billion of debt which included $1.25 billion of bonds in March for general corporate purposes, including the refinancing of current maturities and $200 million issued by VLP to partially fund their March acquisition. We returned $531 million in cash to our stockholders in the first quarter, which included $206 million in dividend payments and $325 million for purchase of 5.4 million shares of Valero common stock. Year-to-date we have purchased 7.1 million shares for $429 million. Now for modeling our second quarter operations we expect throughput volumes to fall in the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.55 million to 1.6 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 280,000 to 300,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 460,000 to 480,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be around $3.90 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.7 million gallons per day in the second quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense, excluding corporate depreciation for the second quarter to be around $175 million and net interest expense should be about $105 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $445 million and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 33%. Christine, we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment we will open the call to questions. During this segment we ask that our callers limit each turn to only two questions. Callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions as time permits.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio: Good morning guys. My first question relates to cash distributions and unlocking value, cash returns averaging 7% yield year-to-date, you also built a billion in cash in the quarter, you’re now through the low end of your leverage guidance of 20% to 30%. I know you mentioned target payout ratio, how do you determine the optimal cash positions that continues to build and determine when to increase distributions from current rates?
Michael Ciskowski: Evan this is Mike. I do not have a precise number I can give you but what I can give you is that in our debt to cap ratio guidance, we reduced our debt by $2 billion [ph]. From there we would like to keep some cushion in our cash balance given the volatility of our business. And then we look at the future capital and working capital requirement and then the payout of greater than 50% that we’ve already committed to you guys. But I would like to point out that excluding the debt issue that we had in the first quarter we actually had a decrease in cash about $300 million.
Evan Calio: Right, as you say, there’s upside scope I guess from a $5 billion cash position to distribution, I guess would be my question.
Michael Ciskowski: Yeah, I mean I would just to add further, we had committed to the greater than 50% payout. As we move through the year and if burning some cash flow continue positive where they are we will assess this and consider increasing that payout number. Go ahead.
Evan Calio: Yeah understood, that makes sense. And then my second question in more on the product demand side and global credit spreads have been higher than expected year-to-date, global demand estimates continue to rise in response to low commodity prices. So is there any comments kind of what you’re seeing through the system on demand trends and what you might expect for summer driving season we may not have seen in quite some time? Thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Evan this is Gary, I think definitely we’ve been in a good credit spread environment. I would say early in the year it was probably driven from, we had some heavy turnaround maintenance, we find return on maintenance and that type of activity. Also I think the U.S.W Union negotiation came into the play then supported the credit spread. That’s kind of behind it now and I think really the market is being driven up by demand. We’ve seen some pretty encouraging numbers thus far. We expect that, that trend will continue but I think it’s a little too early to tell what’s the magnitude of the demand response will be to the credit price.
Evan Calio: Fair enough guys, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: So my first question is just thoughts on spreads and particular Brent oil last which Brent WTI is healthy right now, LOS Brent looks little bit tighter, just any thoughts there in potential bottlenecks between Houston and St. James?
Gary Simmons: Yeah, this is Gary again. I think the LOS to Brent spread has been a little bit narrow than what we would expect. I think ultimately the Gulf Coast Sweet market has the price at the level that allows the East Coast refiners to be able to receive domestic light sweet crude by [indiscernible]. So that kind is healthy overtime that LOS should be around $2 discount to Brent as long as the standard transportation differentials are going to hold. I think on what you’re seeing today is the Houston market is bottlenecked with logistics getting the paid gains [ph] and so we’re seeing Houston trade at much wider discounts to St. James than where it had been and so that’s going ahead, [indiscernible] that economics to hold but they’re right kind of breakeven and I would expect LOS to come off.
Neil Mehta: Okay, that’s very helpful and then on RINS, just any thoughts as we get into the second quarter here on where RINS prices are and how we should assess the impact on a go forward basis?
Martin Parrish: This is Martin Parrish. So we think the RINS are just where they are, just waiting on the EPA announcement in June and just the uncertainty even though the EPA set it at the levels as everybody just waiting to see. So I think after June we'll see what happens then.
Neil Mehta: All right, very good. Thank you very much guys and talk soon.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Neil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward Westlake: Yes, good morning and I guess the first question still on the macro side. We are seeing a decent tanker [indiscernible] still from the Gulf of - Saudi are still pumping. I mean you drilled Mexico and Venezuela how would you characterize at the moment supply availability of water borne mediums inside into the system.
Gary Simmons: I feel very good. Like you said we actually in the first quarter ran more South American crudes than what we've historically run. The Saudi are committed to the U.S. market. So I don't know that we'll go back to levels of imports that we saw three years ago. But I definitely think that volumes into the US Gulf will be up from what we saw last year. We're seen a lot more heavy Canadian than historical. So overall the Gulf Coast seems well supplied with all grades crudes.
Edward Westlake: Right, okay. And on the VLP, I mean obviously a great - in March, a $1 billion, clearly very easy to achieve. Any view of going faster or you just hoping that $1 billion which is obviously a still healthy pace is the right pace going forward.
Joe Gorder: No, and this is Joe. And we're very comfortable with the $1 billion pace this year and so that would imply that we're going execute another drop sometime in the second half of the year, probably later in the second half of the year. But what our real focus is, is on the distribution increase and we're committed to growing into that 25% plus this year for the next couple of years. So we're very comfortable with the pace we've got right now.
Edward Westlake: Okay, thanks very much Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hi Paul.
Paul Cheng: Joe, couple of years I think the company when looking at California has always said is not really a core for the long haul, and you're looking for, if someone give you a okay price that you would sell, is there any change in the view from management about how you look at California from a long-term standpoint. And if it is now part of your long-term portfolio? Is there any initiative for you that you're picking to improve the result relative to your key value seems to be lacking in there?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, well Paul we've said this before that on the west coast we have very good assets and we have very good management teams operating those assets. And frankly we view our portfolio on the west coast as an option when the margins are strong on the west coast. And certainly we're experiencing that today and we had a very good first quarter. If you don't mind Paul what I'll do is let Lane just speak to our capital approach to the west coast.
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul it's Lane. We just continue to be very disciplined in our capital. We look for small opportunistic enterprise to improve margin capture but we in, terms of like any major capital program we - in the event that we spend much money we have better opportunities in our Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent. So I would say though one of the things you'll see in terms of our margin capture because we need to make so much gasoline you'll see our capture versus an index probably got better. The first quarter is really a story of on the west coast to the west coast gasoline fracs.
Paul Cheng: The second question, Mike going back into the cash position, is there a lag or you can share what is the comfort level of the cash that you want to hold?
Michael Ciskowski: Well, I don't really have guidance for you on like a minimum cash balance but you can start with the $2 billion that we use in our debt calculation. And then we would like to keep some cushion in that given the volatility of our business.
Paul Cheng: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chi Chow of Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Chi Chow: Hey, thanks, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning Chi.
Chi Chow: I have a couple of questions on the North Atlantic market. You've realized strong double digit margins in that region for two quarters running now. Tad one [ph] and European cracks been pretty robust over this period. What do you think is the sustainability of those tighter product markets in that Atlantic Basin region?
Gary Simmons: Well, I think there is a number of reasons for what we have seen in the first quarter and I think some of it is sustainable, you know obviously we had strong turnaround maintenance in that area as well, colder weather helped - always helped with demand but I think you are seeing good demand response in a lower crack price which is certainly constructive moving forward. I think the other thing that is happening the U.S. dollar strength versus the Europe it helped us with our operating costs, it is and - Pembroke as well. So I think there is a lot of encouraging signs on it.
Joe Gorder: This is Joe, the one thing I would add to Gary’s point, which are all correct is that the Pembroke asset is a very good asset and what we acquired when we bought that refinery was an integrated system. So when you think about merchant refining in Europe you really shouldn’t think about Pembroke in that regard. The distillate barrels that we produce are moved in inland and certainly a significant volume of the gasoline moves inland. So it is a little bit difference set-up than some might be experiencing.
Chi Chow: Are you concerned about distillate crack spud weakness going forward with all the global capacity that’s come online over the year, last year or so.
Joe Gorder: I would say we are not that concerned about the distillate cracks in our system. I think there is a couple of things, the U.S. market has been so strong we still see good export demand. However, we have been somewhat priced out of the market because our market has been so strong. So I think we think moving forward we will see a combination of a better demand domestically and we will see that our export volumes will pick-up again as the U.S. market falls off a little bit.
Chi Chow: What were your export volumes for the quarter on gas and diesel?
Joe Gorder: It is our gasoline was down a little bit at 94,000 barrels a day. The reason for that was really just because of the strength in the U.S. market. You know again this is an optimization for us and we would kind of say the way we optimize that it is more demand push rather than supply push and the export markets really weren’t strong in on gasoline to pull the barrels away from goal. Our distillate volume were fairly flat about 205,000 barrels a day ULSD. If you look at the ULSD plus kerosene we were up, 255,000 [ph] barrels a day, so fairly consistent there. The change we saw for a lot of the first quarter in Europe was in open, so we are usually 64 between Latin America and Europe 70% of our volume actually went to Latin America and we did see that for the Europe that we predict foreseeing.
Chi Chow: And one more question on the North Atlantic, can you talk how the 9 million [ph] reversal is going to impact your crude sourcing options going forward?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, I will give you little update on that you know we are still waiting for regulatory approval on land from the National Energy Board in Canada. We don’t know the timeline on that. We feel like there is a good chance the NEB could approve that by mid-May. With a mid-May approval that would mean we really won’t see any impact from line 9 in the second quarter. But we are optimistic we will start to receive oil in the third quarter, gives us a lot more flexibility in Quebec to be able to have the access to those Western Canadian and Bakken grades and not just relay on rail and U.S. Gulf Coast sourced barrels.
Chi Chow: Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd: Okay, thanks. Good morning gentlemen. Maybe if I could follow-up first with a follow-up question on VLP, is there earlier we talked about the potential for any evaluation of the wholesale fuel distribution EBITDA as a potential to drop the VLP. Maybe can you talk a little bit about whether that has done evaluation and any rough guidance to what that figure might look like?
Michael Ciskowski: Yeah, Ryan this is Mike again. You know we are still evaluating that in the appropriate structure that we would consider to drop in the MLP. So I do not have a number that I can give to you on this call.
Ryan Todd: Okay, great. I appreciate and then maybe just a general I mean we see the margin on the screen which looks supportive. But can you give us maybe just an update on what you are seeing a month in the second quarter in terms of the general operating environment?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, I think we are - the cracks continue to be strong and we continue to see good discounts on the crude. The big change probably has been in the crude market, some of the discounts could commence and we're run the lot more light sweet crude in our system today than what we did in the first quarter. But again I think we're seeing good demands both in the export markets and domestic demands. And so feel very encouraged about the profitability moving forward.
Ryan Todd: Okay great, thanks. I appreciate it.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Dietert of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: I had a strategic question. I think historically Valero’s been a little bit more of a refining pure play relative to some of the peer strategies that have been more integrated. You guys have sold off NuStar interest in Corner Store. And I was just hoping for an update on now Valero strategy is evolving going forward. What do you think about integration through the value chain do you expect a materially larger mid-stream business.
Joe Gorder: Jeff that's a good question. I mean very clearly we are fuels manufacturing company. And certainly that involves refining it also involves our renewable fuels business. So that is it is such a significant part of the portfolio today to see any significant shift from that it just really - is not in the cards now. To answer your question on the mid-stream business. I do think we're going to see our midstream business expands significantly over the next several years. And as we've said our strategy in mid-stream is really to develop projects and acquire assets that are supportive of Valero's core businesses and I think if you look at the investments that we've made to date it would certainly support that. That being said the refining portfolio is large enough and the renewables portfolio is large enough that it provides plenty of opportunity for growth within that midstream business. I don't think you should expect us though to be looking upstream from where we are today in any material way or significantly downstream from where we are today. Although opportunities present themselves and you look at it but certainly that's not part of our plan today.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you and secondly, looking through your refinery throughput guidance for the second quarter, it looked relatively conservative and my question is what are the LPs suggesting that you should max run, under what conditions would you run more aggressively or perhaps less aggressively.
Michael Ciskowski: I think in terms of throughput probably be the biggest thing. And change as we see a pretty good rate level on some of our plants depending on if we're maximizing heavy sour versus light sweet especially like at $4 Jeff. It can change our throughput significantly when we start maximizing light sweet over heavy sour. I would say that was the only thing I can speak.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks for your comments.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brad Heffern of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffern: Good morning everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Brad Heffern: So just following up on the couple of previous answers looking for a little more color. I think in the first quarter you all talked about just the sheer number of water borne that were trying to find their way into the Valero system. Is the fact that you're running less water borne now and more domestic suggest that maybe the global crude environment is and is oversupplied as it was a few months ago.
Michael Ciskowski: I think there has been a couple of events that are kind a driving the crude differentials. First, the medium seller market in the Gulf due to the market structure a lot of people were pulling their barrels off the market trying to hold them in collective role. So it kind of tightened up the medium sours. Now the storage is getting full. You also have some turnaround maintenance going on to the Deepwater pipe ones in the Gulf that's kind of also tightening the market a little bit. And then the heavy sour side in the Myer [ph] of course you had the buyer on the platform in Mexico which has also disrupted production there. So as my view is that these crudes as they compete with the light sweet we'll see the differentials come back as we move in the second quarter.
Brad Heffern: And okay that's great color. And then maybe for Joe, a lot of E&P's have seem pretty confidence of way that the crude export ban is going to be lifted in the near term maybe in 2015. Do you have any updated thoughts or anything you've been hearing about that.
Joe Gorder: Well I think we're probably hearing the same thing that you're hearing and we know that there is activity in the house and decided to bring the issue forward. But certainly the administration does doesn’t seem at all receptive to this. Anyhow just to be clear on our position we believe in free and open market. As we talked about many times there’s currently legislation and regulation in place that hinders the petroleum markets from being free and open and these for the included things like the crude export ban, RFS, the Jones and others. So we believe that looking at a specific issue relative to that overall issue is just not the right way to deal with this topic and you need to deal with all of the issues. One thing about Valero is that we’ve continued to invest and we’re running significant quantities of domestic crude today and we continue to invest to enable us to run more of this crude. So we’re doing what we can to process it as are many other refiners. And then really the last point on this is when you look at the general need for crude exports the U.S. remains a net importer of crude oil with about 7 million barrels per day coming in we certainly export much lower volumes than that. So the question becomes do you really need the export and I think that’s the question on everybody’s mind.
Brad Heffern: Okay, great that’s it from me, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: Thanks good morning everyone. Morning Joe.
Joe Gorder: Morning Doug.
Doug Leggate: If I could follow up on the last question on exports Joe from what we’re seeing it looks like light sweet imports from Middle East in particular, looking at Kuwait in particular this is one example, they actually seem kind of increasing I'm just curious as to what is your strategy around accessing light sweet or just generally crudes outside of the U.S. and how do you think that impacts the crude export to-date? I think that’s one of the key issues as the net balance as opposed to just the issue itself?
Joe Gorder: Sure Doug, I’ll let Gary, if you don’t mind we’ll let Gary speak to the imports.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so Doug I would tell that primarily what we see from Kuwait is really not light sweet is more medium sour barrels and I would tell you that we have had many discussions with them and they seem interested on maintaining or actually growing market share in the U.S. on that grades of crude and the light sweet what we see happened is with all this volatility in the Brent TI moving in and out when the order comes in very narrow then we start to see incentives to import light sweet. In the first quarter we definitely saw that and as I’ve discussed in the past the first place we generally see is at Kuwait and there were certainly times during the first quarter where the Brent TI got narrow and that incentivized to step back in and buy Brent related West African type crudes.
Doug Leggate: Okay I appreciate the answer. Obviously we’re watching this one closely, but my follow up Joe is really on the return of cash to shareholders and it’s obviously the share price I guess like all other financial have done well from a lot of this trend in the first quarter and I think you said you guys said yourself in the prepared remarks the business is obviously volatile. When you think about the last time your predecessor had a very substantial share buyback program and where are the share prices now in the flight to Euro again embarking on a very substantial share buyback program how do you think about balancing the timing and I guess the balance between dividends and other methods of returning cash as opposed to just right buying back stock at current levels and I’ll leave there, thanks.
Joe Gorder: All right Doug I’ll speak to it briefly and see if Mike has anything to add but the timing of the market is something that is almost impossible to do, right. I think the particular transaction you’re referring to might have been the accelerated share repurchase that we executed some years ago and we don’t have plans to do that. Now I don’t want to get into being specific about our strategies around share repurchases other than that we’ve committed to this greater than 50% payout ratio which we said would be a blend of repurchases and the dividend. We had a significant increase in the dividend at the end of January and we continue to look at cash and how we’re going to employ it. What the capital budget is very manageable in the current context so I think if you said what are your plans are I think our plan is to continue to buyback share certainly to meet that greater than 50% target. Mike is there anything that you?
Michael Ciskowski: I think that’s well said.
Joe Gorder: Okay.
Doug Leggate: Thanks a lot everyone.
Joe Gorder: All right Doug.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phil Gresh of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh: Hi good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning Phil.
Phil Gresh: First question just on the midstream M&A potential. Appreciate the color you've given already just a follow up, would you rather have more EBITDA drop at this point before you consider midstream M&A at VLP. Are you comfortable within out of EBITDA there already and to extent that you would consider midstream M&A would you likely or do have developed any other Valero level given the cash that you have available right now.
Michael Ciskowski: Phil, this is Mike. I think at this point in VLP stage they've probably would prefer to do the drops and get a little bit more sizable before they start taking on third party acquisitions. As you know the drops come with the minimum volume commitments they you may not all even get in the third party deal, depending on the deal so given their size I would say the drops are the more likely have that they will go.
Phil Gresh: Got it okay. And just one final question the export ban. I guess the question is really like if you think about the ban being lifted if it were to happen. Would this materially change how you manage your business whether its growth projects or refine your logistics potential M&A aspirations just generally how do you think about the way you're managing your business today versus in that kind of a world and how you think about crude differentials.
Joe Gorder: Well Just I'll fly over this and then let Gary speak to it if he would like to also our strategy is to optimize our operations. And that is a broad statement I know when it goes to our crude and feedstock slate it goes to our disposition of our products and it goes to our capital investments. And so I think what you would see certainly there is nothing that we're doing today that I would say we need to change in a crude export environment. We'll have to see what the market does and how the market will respond to that. I mean I guess you're pushing you'll be pushing additional crude barrels into the markets that seems to be well supplied today. And so the question are might this how the market is going to react to that and honestly if I don't think we're smart enough to tell you what that will be. Gary you…?
Gary Simmons: No, I agree. I think overall even if the export ban is lifted we would continue to have a location advantage running the domestic crudes. We continue to have significant operating costs advantage with the cheap natural gas. And then we're very happy with our portfolio of refining assets that are very complex very efficient refineries.
Joe Gorder: And whether there is have a - material change on your real crude differentials?
Gary Simmons: No, I don't think so I think overall the crude have to continue it compete or stays in refineries and so we're going to be the beneficiary in that.
Phil Gresh: Okay great thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sam Margolin of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Good morning. I wanted to ask you about the notes offering, familiar within the context of the gated process that you guys have talked about a lot. How was the pricing sort of relative to your expectations, did it change anything as far as return hurdles and maybe opening up some more capital intensive optimization plans or even or even on the M&A side? I mean it was a pretty in line with what you're expecting.
Joe Gorder: Yes, the interest rates were well and pretty much where we expect for that offering coming at. I mean the funds will be used for general corporate purposes including the refinancing of our current maturities. I do not think that the issuance of that debt will increase any gated capital project or anything like that. It was just an opportunity to issue debt at low rate.
Sam Margolin: Okay thanks a lot. And I don't think I heard you guys mentioned Methanol in the prepared remarks. So I'm assuming this question is again it gave any far. But I'll ask anyway. Is there anything incremental there to update us with there with or is it still just in the evaluative stages and or wait on the final decision.
Lane Riggs: Hey Sam this is Lane so I'll just give a bit of an update. It's kind of where it's been. We anticipated our funding decisions here late in the second quarter. I'll just add any real consider this project going forward and our strategy we'd obviously more likely have a partner and we I would add that in terms of comment, that we're still on track to review this project here in the late second quarter.
Sam Margolin: All right, perfect, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hello, Roger.
Roger Read: Just wanted to follow-up, I guess, Jeff Dietert’s question about potential higher throughputs and what signals maybe we need to look forward here either in terms of Brent LOS relationship or are there other sort of last mile pipeline issues in the Gulf Coast to think you hit you know higher throughput number in the second quarter here potentially hitting a higher number I would say.
Joe Gorder: I don’t really know what link come in the only thing I can think we are definitely signaling higher runs of light sweet crude which can have a late leverage at some of our heavy sour refiners but I don’t know of anything else that would signal significantly different throughputs.
Lane Riggs: No, right now our economic signals maximum throughput and Gary mentioned in the earlier answer there are obviously a rate thing that occurred in whether we were running light, medium or heavy sour crudes that obviously doesn’t impact on our overall throughput.
Roger Read: Okay, thanks. And then back to the OpEx initial comments mentioning under $4 for several quarters on a row here and then you know FX strength that helped out Pembroke. So could you kind of walk us through is there anything that you have operationally challenged and succeed or we are looking at you know it is cheap natural gas and it is an FX item flowing through this healthcare lower OpEx and I know throughput’s being high also helps on a per barrel basis but if there is anything else you can offer that will be great.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I want to say we are always vigilant on operating cost is our culture we work every day, every month, every hour, to make sure that we are busy maintaining our fixed and our structural operating it is into natural gas prices in the first quarter versus the fourth in last year throughputs were a little bit and so partially offset by that and we will absolutely maintain our focus volume and having lower operating cost.
Roger Read: But nothing specifically you think about it is just general pressure on the system?
Lane Riggs: No, no.
Roger Read: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez: Hi, guys, good morning. Two questions for you if I could; one, you mentioned in the press release the benefit of the secondary product pricing and I assume that is just kind of some spill over from the glut in crude prices but now that we are starting to see kind of reversal in the crude markets and moving higher. Are you starting to see a bit of a reversal on that secondary product pricing here into 2Q?
Joe Gorder: Well I would definitely say that you know when you get out into the products other than gasoline [indiscernible] PATCO, LPG a lower slot price environment tend to have these products trade closer to group value and it helps track realization and as crude moves up and the reserve will also be true.
Blake Fernandez: Okay. Gary, secondly just a follow-on for me previous exports commentary the shift that we have seen basically away from Europe. Can you just talk a little bit about the upper - needed there in other words to drive the economics to incentivize transport over to Europe is it basically like a $1, $2 a barrel that is needed and then maybe as a follow-on to that. Do you have any sense I know you mentioned indigenous demand growth here, but do you have any sense that maybe from European utilization rates moving up there or any of the new global facilities beginning to penetrate that market do you have any color there? I appreciate it, thanks.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, I guess I will start with that. I think we just still feel like our traditional exports markets are there for us as long as it is economic for us to supply those markets and we have seen a move back to where we are Europe it is open you know it basically is just looking at the differences in the two markets, freight and then we are also taking to effect the RINS. And so the higher RINS prices that we are seeing today helps incentivize exports basically to Europe. So you know freight generally were lower $2 you know to get a barrel to Europe and the RINS in the 71 that range that kind of give you the differential that’s needed to support exports.
Blake Fernandez: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, I have two quick follow-up. One, Joe can you give us or maybe this is for Lane, the [indiscernible] expansion are we done that, or that what is the schedule there?
Lane Riggs: No, we’re finished there, this is Lane by the way Paul, we finished that in the third quarter this year.
Paul Cheng: All right. And maybe that this is for Gary. Gary, are you guys currently, given the current defense. Are you exporting crude oil from the Gulf Coast to Quebec? And that also after the Line 9 reversal complete do you still need to export from the Gulf Coast or that you will get sufficient Western Canadian crude into Quebec?
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul so we are exporting from the Gulf to Quebec in the first quarter little over a 70% of our diet was crude sourced from Canada and the US gulf and post Line 9 we would still anticipate that we would see some flow of oil from the U.S. Gulf Coast to Canada over the water.
Paul Cheng: Can I ask a final question?
Joe Gorder: Just for you
Paul Cheng: Thank you. In the last two years when we look at from the first to the second quarter, your margin capture rate seems highest on an average drop by about 10%. Into the first quarter this year that do you have a far more heavy down time especially in the Gulf Coast and in the second quarter your - is going to be much higher. So should we still assume that your margin capture rate would be the pattern will be similar to the last two years that drop of roughly above 10% from the first quarter therefore or that it should deviate somewhat differently?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, Paul so generally what would be happening in the transition for the first to second quarter you go through our VP [ph] transition on the gasoline and decrease ethane blending which drive down our crack repayment. You’re correct that as we have lighter turnaround main region in the Gulf it should offset some of that where we come out I don’t know but I’ve to look at it.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to John Locke.
John Locke: Hey, great. Thanks Christine. We appreciate those who called in today and everyone listening. If you have additional questions please contact me or Karen in the IR department.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Executive Director, Investor Relations Joseph Gorder - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations and Engineering Jay Browning - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Gary Simmons - Senior Vice President, Supply, International Operations and Systems Optimization Richard Lashway - Vice President, Logistics Operations Martin Parrish - Vice President, Alternative Fuels
Analysts: Chi Chow - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Brad Heffern - RBC Capital Markets Phil Gresh - JPMorgan Paul Cheng - Barclays Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Roger Read - Wells Fargo Jason Smith - Bank of America Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company Mohit Bhardwaj - Citigroup Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation announces fourth quarter 2014 earnings results conference call. My name is Hilda, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. Mr. Locke, you may begin.
John Locke: Thank you, Hilda. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions about the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for an update on company operations and strategy.
Joseph Gorder: Well, thanks very much, John, and good morning, everyone. Well, as John will cover in more detail momentarily, we did have a great fourth quarter and a great year. What I'd like to do is spend a few minutes discussing our key strategies and highlight a few of our accomplishments in the quarter. As you have seen from our recent disclosure, our strategies are focused on operations excellence, returning capital to stockholders, maintaining disciplined capital investments and unlocking asset value. Operations excellence continues to be important to us. Our team understands that reliability drive safe and profitable operations, so we are relentlessly committed here. An example of this can be seen in our Meraux refinery, where we completed our reliability improvement program and the hydrocracker revamp project. We expect the investments we've made here to improve the refinery for liability and performance. Disciplined capital allocation is another key focus for us. Last week, we increased our regular cash quarterly dividend by 45% to $0.40 per share or $1.60 annualized. This increase demonstrates our belief in Valero's earnings power and our commitment to returning cash to stockholders. Regarding capital investments, we completed our 2014 capital program under budget, as noted in the release. This resulted from the rigor and discipline that Lane and his team applied to spending throughout Valero's gated project management process. We're committed to applying the same rigor to future investments. The majority of our growth investments for 2015 and 2016 are allocated to logistics, and to increasing our capability to access and process advantage crude oil for our flexible refining system. We expect the majority of the logistics investments to be eligible for future drops to Valero Energy Partners, which is our sponsored master limited partnership. On the topic of VLP, we're committed to its growth and unlocking value. As we noted in the release, we're targeting approximately $1 billion of drops into VLP in 2015. At that level of growth, we also expect VLP's distribution to exceed the 50% tier for our general partner and incentive distribution rights by the end of this year. We're continuing to evaluate and structure new potential earning streams that can be dropped to VLP, and those represent incremental growth opportunities. We understand the MLP landscape has changed since our IPO, and we're committed unlocking value. In summary, we're focused on operational excellence, disciplined capital allocation and value creation. Our team remains committed to high performance and achievement. And with that, John, I'll go ahead and turn it over to you to cover the results.
John Locke: Thank you, Joe. As shown in our earnings release, we had another strong quarter. We reported fourth quarter 2014 earnings from continuing operations of $1.2 billion or $2.22 per share. Adjusting for special items described on Page 7 of the financial table that accompany our release, we are at $952 million or $1.83 per share, which compares to $963 million or $1.78 per share in the fourth quarter of 2013. For the full year 2014, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $3.7 billion or $6.97 per share. Adjusting for special items, we earned $3.5 billion or $6.68 per share in 2014 versus $2.4 billion or $4.41 per share in 2013. The refining segment reported fourth quarter 2014 operating income of $1.9 billion versus $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013. Nearly all of the $377 million increase in operating income resulted from the previously noted special items. Excluding the special items, operating income was flat in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus the fourth quarter of 2013, as stronger gasoline, distillate and other product margins relative to Brent crude oil as well as higher refining throughput volumes were offset by lower discounts for sweet and sour crude oils relative to Brent crude oil. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2014, which is an increase of 41,000 barrels per day versus the fourth quarter of 2013. Refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2014 were $3.76 per barrel, which is $0.03 per barrel lower than the fourth quarter of 2013. The ethanol segment generated $158 million of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus $269 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. The decrease in Ethanol segment operating income was mainly due to a $0.31 per gallon decrease in gross margin, driven by lower gasoline and ethanol prices with relatively stable corn prices. Production from the Mount Vernon plant contributed to record quarterly ethanol production volumes, which averaged 3.8 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2014. General and administrators expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $214 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, which is $35 million higher than in the fourth quarter of 2013, primarily due to changes in legal reserves. Also in the fourth quarter of 2014, net interest expense was $101 million and total depreciation and amortization expense was $425 million. The effective tax rate was 28.4%. The rate was lower than normal, due primarily to earnings from our international operations that were higher than projected and taxed at statutory rates that are lower than in U.S., the biodiesel blender's tax credit that was passed into law in December and a reversal of certain tax reserves. With respect to our balance sheet, at quarter end total debt was $6.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $3.7 billion, of which $237 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt to capitalization ratio net of $2 billion in cash and excluding VLP was 17.4%.Valero had approximately $6.1 billion of available liquidity in addition to cash, including VLP's $300 million of available liquidity. Cash flows in the fourth quarter included $857 million in capital expenditures, of which $157 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. In the fourth quarter we returned $640 million in cash to our stockholders, which included $143 million in dividend payments and $497 million in purchases of approximately 10.3 million shares of Valero common stock. Our total cash returned to stockholders for 2014 was $1.9 billion, a 33% increase over 2013, and included $554 million in dividend payments and purchases of 25.7 million shares for $1.3 billion. For 2015 and 2016, we maintain our guidance for capital expenditures, including turnarounds and catalysts. In 2015, we expect to spend approximately $2.65 billion, consisting of approximately $1.5 billion for same business capital and $1.15 billion for growth investment, and this excludes $150 million for St. Charles methanol project that remains under evaluation. For 2016, we expect to spend approximately $2.4 billion, consisting of $1.4 billion for stay-in-business capital and $1 billion for growth investments, excluding $300 million for the St. Charles methanol project. For modeling, our first quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall in the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 240,000 to 260,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be around $4.20 per barrel. For ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.7 million gallons per day. And operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation for the first quarter to be around $170 million and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the first quarter should be approximately $449 and our effective tax rate should be around 33%. Operator, we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we will open the call to questions. During this segment, we request that our callers limit each turn to two questions. Callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first comes from Chi Chow from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow: I've got a couple of questions regarding your very strong performance in the Gulf Coast region. I guess, first, can you explain the gross margin adjustments you've shown in the back of the table, in particularly that blender's tax credit and how that's going to be sustainable going forward? And then secondly, even with the adjustments, it looks like your capture rate was very strong sequentially versus 3Q, when all the indicated cracks were down. And just wondering if you could explain some of the factors that were coming into play versus the indicated?
Michael Ciskowski: The blender's tax credit, that was passed into the law in December for 2014, so it was available to us last year. At this point it's not hatch for 2015, so we would not have that in our earnings going forward.
Joseph Gorder: And on the margin capture, Gary, you want speak to that.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I would say, in the Gulf Coast margin capture is largely attributable to great performance from the hydrocrackers in terms of refinery operation. And then we also begin to see some good advantages on running some of the South American heavy sour crude again in our Gulf Coast system in fourth quarter.
Chi Chow: How much impact was there, just with the decline in crude prices? And is that something that if crude prices stabilize or eventually increases kind of the capture rate going to switch there versus what we saw in the fourth quarter?
Gary Simmons: We definitely see some benefits in terms of capture rate and a lower flat price. It's mainly the other products that we produce, the sulfur and coke, LPG, those types of things. Now, when the flat price is lower we tend to have higher capture rate, because those products tend to be a little sticky with crude.
Chi Chow: I guess one final question on the Gulf Coast. Looks like the Maya light/heavy differentials is pretty wide here in the first quarter so far on percentage basis. How has your crudes slate changed versus 4Q? It looks like you ran a lot of light crudes in the fourth quarter. Has that change here going forward? And do you have any sort of earnings sensitivity for the Maya spread?
Gary Simmons: Yes. I guess to answer the question on our crude diet, we tend to buy crude out quite a ways. So probably the first month you start seeing a significant change in our crude diet would be large. And we have started to move in the direction that exactly what you talked about as several of our Gulf Coast refiners were backing down on some of the light domestic type crude and starting to run a higher percentage of medium sour crudes and heavy sour crudes, those have been more economic for us to process in the Gulf.
Chi Chow: So do you have any sort of EPS sensitivity to changes in the light/heavy?
Joseph Gorder: No, actually we don't.
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Heffern from RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern: You all announced a pretty substantial dividend increase last week I think. Has that changed your thoughts at all on the buyback? And how do you think about dividend versus buyback in general and then versus capital projects or acquisitions?
Joseph Gorder: Mike, you want to?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes. We're working really to returning more of our cash to our stockholders based on our analysis of the market data and capital allocation scenarios. We are still interested in higher return projects, but our capital is down, projected as we disclosed, so we thought it was appropriate to increase the dividend at that level. So we're going to be looking at exceeding our payout ratio going forward in 2015 on what we've had the last couple of years.
Joseph Gorder: As far as our consideration of the dividend versus buybacks, when we did the analysis and looked at where our dividend was relative to the peer group, we felt that we were a little bit low. And so this type of move was something to get us more aligned with the other guys. It is also something that we view as being non-discretionary when we look at our use of cash going forward. The share repurchases, we are committed to trying to achieve a metric that we defined internally, and we're going to continue to pursue that as Mike said, but that will be more flexible for us than the dividend, which we consider to be, as I mentioned, non-discretionary.
Brad Heffern: And then looking at refined product exports for the fourth quarter, do you have a figure that you can provide us how much you exported? And can you also talk about how demand is looking for those exported barrels?
Gary Simmons: Yes. In the fourth quarter we did 139,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports. On the distillate side, ULSD, we did 280,000 barrels a day. In addition to the ULSD, we also exported kerosene and jet, and if you included that total distillates would be 255,000 barrels a day. In terms of the current market, I would tell you we're starting to see some incentive to export gasoline again, especially to Latin America and to Canada. Most of the distillate are through strength in the Gulf, there is not a lot of incentives to do much distillate export in the current market.
Operator: The next question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan.
Phil Gresh: Just a follow-up on the capital allocation question. You talk about having a payout ratio that exceeds 50% of net income for 2014. Consensus actually has EPS down year-over-year. You also have some excess cash. You have just accelerated drop program. So I was just trying to calculate how high you're comfortable going in 2015 as a percentage of net income, if indeed consensus is right?
Joseph Gorder: Well, I figured that you'd probably ask a question like this. And really the target we've set is the one we've stated, it's to exceed the previous year. Now, as I mentioned previously, internally we've got a target that would be higher than that. But I am not prepared right now to give you a fixed percentage for the overall payout ratio. I just think we need to see how the year evolves. Look at the dynamic nature of the market that we are dealing with today. Are we're seeing crude go from a $100 late last year to $50 this year. And so for me to give you a committed number right now is something that's probably just wouldn't be prudent to do. So I think for now, if I were you, I would just assume that we're going to exceed the 50% target and go with that.
Phil Gresh: And that actually keens up my next question, which is just in your general outlook for the market, as we exit '16, it's starting to look like crude oil production growth could actually be down year-over-year. There is talk of increased global refine capacity. So given this dynamic market, I'd love to hear your general big picture views and just how you're thinking about planning for this type of environment?
Joseph Gorder: That's a fine question. Gary Simmons is so very close to this, let us let him go ahead and comment on it.
Gary Simmons: So overall, I think we see that the crude market will continue to be in a oversupplied position for foreseeable future. I think the fact that the Saudis have signaled that they are going to continue to put medium sour barrels on the market will mean that our medium sour differential should remain supportive. The combination of that with additional Canadian heavy into the Gulf, we believe it will give us good heavy sour differentials as well. So both of those things we think are very supportive in terms of our Valero's performance moving forward. When you turn to the refined product side, I think it's a little unclear at this stage to see exactly what will happen with refinery margins. However, we think that the fall off in flat price, we should see a positive demand response, and you have been able to see that in the past few weeks from the DOE stats. And so as demand increases, that should also be supportive of refining margins.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. First, if I look at your margin capture rate against your Valero index that you posted in your website, it was quite amazing that the last two year, 2013 and 2014 versus the two year before in 2011, 2012, your capture rate actually improved somewhere between 3% to 9% between these two period, with the exception of the West Coast. So wondering if you can have a stat, I'm trying to quantify, how much of the improvement you think is just that the market condition is just in favor of your configuration and how much of that is really based on the better operation, reliability that you guys has been able to improve? And how much is related to the large capital investment in the previous years you guys have made and have subsequently come on stream. The second question -- or that you want to answer that before I go to the second?
Joseph Gorder: Paul, I'd tell you, we'll let Garry speak to this, but just as member of management for last several years, I'd like first to take credit for all of it. That being said, Garry, you want to give your view.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I will tell you, Paul, probably you have to look at this regionally. And when you look to the Mid-Continent, some of our improvement capture rate has just been due to the fact that the Midland market has been very disconnected from the Cushing market over the past couple of years and the wider Midland spreads. We're running a lot of Midland barrels to Ardmore and McKee, it certainly helped our capture rates there. Same thing in the North Atlantic Basin. I would say a lot of that is market driven. Especially as we transition Quebec from a foreign crude diet to a North American light sweet crude diet. We saw a significant increase in our capture rate there. However, in the Gulf, I would say that the improvement in capture rate is primarily just the fact that we're seeing a lot better yield and the operational improvements we've made in our Gulf Coast at this time.
Paul Cheng: And how much is the benefit is just coming from the investment that you guys have been making. Is there any way that we can quantify it?
Joseph Gorder: In the recent analyst presentations we've put together, we have included a lot of information on the economics associated with the projects. And the hydrocrackers are the one that we tend to focus on. I think what you can expect is that we'll continue to disclose this information as we go forward. And we obviously believe when the capital that's been invested over the last several years, it's had a significant effect, not only in, for example, the hydrocracker projects in driving the capture rates relative to more distillate production, but the increase in the reliability in our system and so on, it's all beneficial. We haven't tried to pin down specifically what's related to what, but I think we can all see it in the results.
Paul Cheng: A final one. I think that there is a change in your project investments decision process comparing to the past. Maybe that you can elaborate a little bit more in terms of what condition may have change or what criteria you have changed differently now?
Lane Riggs: So as you mentioned we're booking them for deliberate gated process, really what we look for are the projects that will enter our gated systems. We don't even look at them unless they have sort of 50% IRR as to gate one. And then also we right now have a tendency to be a little bit more focused towards the stock optimization, and not as nearly as large as maybe some of the projects that we did started in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeff Dietert: There has been some refining margin strength in Europe and on the U.S. East Coast, the Atlantic Basin refining margins overall have been pretty healthy relative to the other regions. Could you talk about what factors you believe are contributing to the strength as a marginal product on the U.S. East Coast? Is it supply by U.S. Gulf Coast via the Jones Act ship? Or what do you think is causing the strength in the Atlantic Basin?
Gary Simmons: I think you hit exactly on it. We saw the New York harbor market get very strong. The colonial pipeline is always full, so that means the barrel is flowing in there to set the price, it's either a barrel from the U.S. Gulf Coast on Jones Act ship or a barrel from Western Europe, and so to incentivize imports and incentivize the flow off with Jones Act ship from the Gulf, the harbor market had to strengthen.
Jeff Dietert: So Jones Act laws are actually increasing prices on the East Coast?
Gary Simmons: Yes.
Jeff Dietert: Secondly, I was hoping you could comment on the EPA and the renewable fuel standard, and what you're anticipating could happen there? Rents prices have risen with the uncertainty that's been created there. Could you comment on that issue?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we're still waiting for the final numbers for '14 and the numbers for '15 to come out from the EPA. We're hopeful we'll have something by the end of March, that's kind of what we're hearing and as you pointed too. Until those numbers are set, we see the red market as being very volatile. And so we're hopeful, we'll get some direction here pretty soon from EPA.
Operator: The next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez: My questions on the VLP drop. Appreciate the more aggressive strategy. The way I had kind of envisioned this in the past was kind of progressive increase over time. So I'm just curious, do you think the $1 billion in '15 kind of sets a baseline to where we should expect progressive increases into '16, '17, et cetera?
Joseph Gorder: This drop, as you mentioned, is really much larger than we have previously planned. But we have quite a portfolio of logistics assets, which we've mentioned and obviously this level of drop is based on the EBITDA that we have in the system will allow us to sustain this level of drops for some years to come. It's our intention to continue to drop at a pace that makes sense for Valero and for VLP. As you know, we continue to invest in logistics projects to support the refining operations, and then Mike Ciskowski and his team are evaluating additional sources of qualifying EBITDA, so to get from the fuels distribution business. So when we look at our portfolio today, we believe that this is sustainable for some period of time. If you look at VLP specifically, we stated in our plans were to increase the distribution 20% to 25% a year. And based on this particular drop, I think that you can expect that we're certainly going to be at the high range of that for this year and it looks like it's very sustainable going forward.
Blake Fernandez: Second question, the OpEx guidance you have of $420 a barrel, if I'm not mistaken that seemed a little bit higher than where we've been trending last year. And I'm just curious if there is anything in there that's driving that? And maybe if you could tie in with that as we kind of move more towards heavy sour runs. Should we expect that to kind of create some upward pressure on the operating cost?
Lane Riggs: So the guidance really, as a function, that we have some turnaround activity that's going to occur here late in the first quarter, so our volumes are a little bit lower. And then, I would also say, that the outlook is pretty consistent in terms of our natural gas price from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, so that's sort of the reasons we have the guidance where it is.
Blake Fernandez: And if you don't mind, just any comments on, again with the heavy sour coming back in the favor, should we think would that have kind of upward pressure on operating cost moving forward?
Lane Riggs: No. Not really.
Operator: The next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio: My first question is it's a different take on the prior question on the outlook. And you addressed the souring and heaving crude oil global slate with higher OPEC market share growing over Mexico and Canadian production. Can you discuss the developing and steepening contango and how it benefits Valero, especially given the structural way in which the crude markets are being forced to balance with the U.S. as the new swing producer?
Gary Simmons: Really the contango market structure is yet a good indication that the crude market is over supplied. And so as a buyer of crude, Valero benefits from the competition from producers to gain market share. So we think this is supported for us for at least the next couple of years.
Evan Calio: Can you quantify how much you're hedging on PI to avail one to two or one to three months contango? And how you think about your own storage assets in this market or even do you see the potential for U.S. storage filling?
Gary Simmons: So I think definitely when you look at the economics of what you can get tankage in Cushing, those economics are supportive of putting oil in tankage and storing it there. I think we'll continue to see Cushing builds. I read something this morning. They expect Cushing to continue to build about 1.5 million barrels a week until through April. In terms of us, particularly we do some of that. We don't do a lot of it. When we choose to put barrels in storage and take advantage of contango, it's also for other reasons. So we may see an opportunistic barrel that we think has a good discount. We might not be able to fit it into our systems. So then we'll go ahead and put those in tankage in Aruba and take advantage of the contango, and also what looks to be an opportunistic purchase for us.
Evan Calio: And just second one for me, maybe more a request for detailed information, if you don't that data. But can you break down the $900 million of MLP-able EBITDA into any sub categories? And I guess, I raised a question in the sense of, one of the subcategories of recent spending in rail, and also has some commodity price exposure to that sub segment. Yet I know, however, you use a significant portion of that rail fleet to move product under ethanol, which should have relatively higher utilization tariff. Any break down or help us in the composition of the EBITDA and/or -- sorry to make this multiple question, I didn't intend to -- or any break down in just that rail segment, how much is product in ethanol?
Joseph Gorder: That's fine. Well, because it's a multi-part question, we'll let Rich and Martin Parrish answer it. Obviously, Rich is the President of the VLP, and Martin runs the ethanol business, the renewable business. So why don't we let those two guys speak to this, and see if we can get you some color here.
Richard Lashway: So on the rail cars just to kind of break that down a little bit. So obviously they are qualifying to dropdown to VLP. We've created a company to hold these cars and our intent is to drop these cars down and trying to over time. But if you look at the cars that we have, there is a general purpose and they're coiled and insulated cars. The coiled and insulated cars, obviously, fit well into the ethanol business and coiled and insulated would fit into the asphalt and crude and fuel oil business. But our intent would be to drop these down over time in tranches.
Martin Parrish: We have about 3,000 cars in ethanol service, the general purpose cars, as Rich said. As those leases expire, we'll take those off and use the VLP cars. As you know, rail is the primary transport for ethanol, we expect these cars will be highly utilized in a good fit for VLP. 
Joseph Gorder: So now to the broader question on the $900 million, Rich, you want to provide a little more.
Richard Lashway: So if you kind of break down broadly the $900 million of EBITDA. So when we were out on the road a year ago, we talked about our retained assets. It's not about $620 million EBITDA and pride upstairs at the parent level. And from '13 and '14 we've got about $140 million [indiscernible] billion capital spending, which is mostly complete. So that would generate roughly another $140 million of EBITDA. So that kind of gives you to an 800 number. And then in '14 we've got another $400 million of capital spending, which generates another $40 million in '16 and '17. We got large spending on our, what we've talked about in the past, the diamond pipeline and some other pipeline projects. So kind of through '17 the capital spending will get you to about $900 million of EBITDA.
Evan Calio: Maybe at some point, just color on the types, whether how much is pipeline, how much is storage, how much is rail or fuel marketing distribution to at least better highlight the drop down values given the assets have some different multiples on?
Joseph Gorder: We can sure do that. I mean obviously in this case the bulk of this is logistics assets. The number that we're scoring doesn't include anything that will be associated with the fuels marketing business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: I guess maybe I had a couple questions here. You've done a fairly phenomenal job in last several quarters of outperforming volume expectations, particularly in the Gulf Coast. Clearly from guidance here you're expecting descent amount of turnarounds in the first quarter. Well, could you just sort of give us a -- is it strictly market conditions or have there been other things that have allowed you to outperform sort of volume expectations? And I'm thinking you made comments earlier about the hydrocrackers having run very well in the fourth quarter. Could you just sort of walk us through that maybe how that could imply the stronger results in the first half of the year?
John Locke: Roger, our performance, when we give guidance is based on what we plan, we plan conservatively. If the market provides opportunities and we're constantly seeking opportunity, as crude prices or as product prices change, we try to optimize. And if we have the opportunity to go after extra barrels, we'll do it, and that's kind of what you've seen in the last, beside what you talked about here.
Joseph Gorder: Well, that's the fact, and then I would tell you that the fact that we've invested capital in the business, the way we've invested it over the last several years in our commitment to continuing to maintain the high levels of our reliability and safety within our refining system, is going to contribute to this. I think what you're beginning to see here is a realization of the value of the investments that have been made. And then the capabilities of this management team to execute to optimize the slates in, the movement of products out, and then the day-to-day operation to the refineries.
Roger Read: And then coming back to the other side of that, the comment earlier about distillate exports, not exactly being incentivized in this environment, there's all kinds of seasonal factors and other things going on. But are you seeing anything particularly different on just general volume demand sides here in the U.S.? We've seen descent data, although obviously somewhat we have to be skeptical of exactly what we see on the EI and API on a weekly basis, but look like gasoline demand is better here. And how maybe that's flowing through both in terms of the export market demand-wise not just arbitrage-wise, and then local demand as well?
Lane Riggs: Roger, so I would tell you that we have definitely -- since the flat prices have fallen off, we see greater demand for refined products on gasoline and liquid side. That's some of the reason why the Gulf has been supported. And when the Gulf has supported then we might not see quite the incentive to export, if we do. I would tell you we're still sending distillate to South America, so we still see good export demand, not necessarily quite the demand in Europe. And some of the reason for that is that just they've had mild weather in Europe, and to distillate demand has moved down there.
Roger Read: And then, just a last question is the North Atlantic margins, if you were to -- I know you don't like to do this, but if you were to break down sort of how Pembroke performed versus how Canada performed. Was there an unusual item? Both units were better, one was better and then other, just any granularity you can offer there?
Joseph Gorder: I mean you kind of preface the question by the fact that we work and answer it. So we appreciate you doing that. I mean, both refineries are performing well. And obviously, our Canadian operation, it's a very strong operation, but beyond that I don't think we want to try to get into that detail.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Jason Smith: It's actually Jason Smith on for Doug. Just a follow up on refining projects and being a bit more selective, can you just update us as to where the Benicia unloading facility is, first in the permit process? And then is there incentive on your end moving forward, given the recent narrowing in spreads?
Lane Riggs: So we are still working with the city to try to address all the comments that came out. We have only submitted EIR for review, and we're in the process with their folks to continue to push this forward. We're still pretty optimistic we'll get the permit. Timing at this point is a little bit difficult for us to project. I'd say some time early next year would be when we would actually get started putting the crude-by-rail project in place. And I'll let Gary speak to the economics of crude-by-rail right now.
Gary Simmons: So I would say, definitely over the last few weeks, whatever Brent TI was, we wouldn't be incentivized there to move crude-by-rail from Benicia. But we're starting to see that arc widen back out, and our view is that we'll see a wider Brent-TI than what we've seen over the last few weeks, and that we believe that we'll have an economic incentive to move the crude to Benicia.
Jason Smith: Is there anything in your '15 or '16 budget for that project at this time or is there anything else in your budget for '15 and '16 that could potentially get cut more beyond the methanol project that you guys obviously are slowing down on?
Lane Riggs: There is money budgeted in the 2015 budget to forward crude-by-rail.
Jason Smith: And then slowing down?
Lane Riggs: Literally, that will mean that we'll slow that spend down versus the budget, but we are least succeeded right now.
Jason Smith: And just one quick follow-up on the splitter projects, and you guys had talked about $500 million EBITDA in a 2014 environment. Can you give me the frame what those look like in the current environment?
Joseph Gorder: So you're talking about the crude topper projects.
Jason Smith: Yes.
Lane Riggs: Well, what I would do is refer you to our investment on our slides, we have sensitivity. So again, if you're right, the $500 million of EBITDA is based on 2014 prices. In the neighboring next phase right there, we have this whole set of sensitivity from drivers that affect the economics of that project.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Margolin from Cowen & Company.
Sam Margolin: Back to the capture rate question. I guess in light of the outperformance, and then some of the comments you just made in general about crude over supply. I was wondering if you could maybe give us some color on some crude prices that maybe aren't necessarily in the benchmark that we can't see everyday. You mentioned that South American barrels, but I was also wondering about some domestic areas, so that's Huston, South Texas and maybe even the Bakken wellhead, where you have some real exposure too, if there is some contribution for pricing there at discounts below sort of what we see on the boards.
Martin Parrish: It's difficult to get into a lot of detail. But we continue to see that if you look at an LOS related market, in terms of the eastern Gulf, the Houston market is discounted a couple of dollars below that. And then you move further west and you get into the Corpus Christi area market. And again, we see another $2 of discount off LOS for an Eagle Ford type barrel. The same thing if you move up into the Mid-Continent, the discounts get deeper as you move up on the light sweet side. On the heavy sour side, definitely we're seeing some incentive to run a lot of the South American barrels. The biggest switch without going into a lot of details on discounts, as the Canadian differentials came in, we started to see an advantage to switch to more Brazilian grades and less Canadian grades, and that's an optimization we do everyday.
Sam Margolin: And then switching gears to the dropdown commentary. So the MLP space has obviously been really volatile, VLP has outperformed. So I'm wondering if there is any consideration or any effect on sort of valuation of drop downs in general. There was a question before about the valuation spectrum between types of midstream assets. But I'm just wondering sort of, as a complex, if there has been any impact or as long as VLP is over 10x EBITDA, the dropdown values can stay at 10x EBITDA and there is no real problem.
John Locke: We haven't seen any change in drop down multiples of the deals that have been occurring here recently. So they're still at roughly 12% pre-tax for VLP.
Operator: The next question comes from Mohit Bhardwaj from Citigroup.
Mohit Bhardwaj: The question is on ethanol. You guys just talked about ethanol market in 2015, obviously in 2014 ethanol was a big support and you guys made like $700 million to $800 million in operating margin. Moving to 2015 it looks like the corn prices have kind of held up and ethanol prices are coming down based on the global economics, maybe just talk about that?
Martin Parrish: Ethanol margins are likely to remain low in the $50 crude environment. And we don't know how long crude is going to stay at these prices obviously. What we do know is we have the best assets in the ethanol industry in the U.S. and we're in an advantaged location and we know we're not marginal producer. So we expect to weather this time.
Mohit Bhardwaj: And market do you expect to remain in the positive territory or do you think right now you're seeing negative markets in that?
Martin Parrish: I think it's going to chop around some, but we think overall it will be positive with our fleet.
Joseph Gorder: And it's positive today, yes.
Mohit Bhardwaj: And you guys mentioned crude-by-rail to California, it looks [indiscernible]. Is Port Arthur and St. Charles will be utilizing the rail side or you guys have just been looking at getting heavy cars from Latin America.
Richard Lashway: So your question is -- can you restate your question?
Mohit Bhardwaj: I was just wondering if economics for crude-by-rail into Port Arthur and St. Charles for heavy Canadian are still working out or is it more profitability to just look for opportunities for Latin American heavy metals right now.
Richard Lashway: So I would tell you today that barrels that we're bringing to Port Arthur with today's economics would be breakeven versus on my alternative with where the market is today.
Mohit Bhardwaj: And final one from me, just looking at California, the American [indiscernible] and talk about California models improving for them. And California remains the only place where the market has got a lot [indiscernible] value. Are there opportunities as you see to improve margins there?
Joseph Gorder: To improve margins in California?
Lane Riggs: The only project that we're working on really besides our ongoing optimization efforts, and maybe a real small thing is the crude-by-rail. We believe in the optionality available for us crude from the Mid-Continent ultimately, and because our views, the West Coast is a very challenging environment. We are very careful and very disciplined in how we approach capital into the West Coast versus all our opportunities we have elsewhere in our operations.
Operator: The next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake: Congratulations on the earnings. I guess, last year we were talking about LLS, and this year we're just talking about all round good performance and margin capture, so well done. One of the, I guess, opening comments you made was, it was attributable to great performance from the hydrocrackers. Obviously, oil has fallen further and that's just sort of a swirl, and then obviously mentioned that diesel demand is a bit weaker, partly due to weather. I mean, presumably some of that will give back, although obviously take the point that the crude market part of it could still be an area of positive surprise. Just some thoughts there.
Lane Riggs: We have a pretty good slide in our IR presentation on how the hydrocracker performed and sensitivities around it. We have sort of basic set of economics on the 2014 price stat. With that said, yes, oil price have fallen and the distillate crack is where it is, but natural gas prices have fallen as well. But I think when you look at it, when you look at these drivers, you just need to take all that in consideration. Today, we still have very good margins on the hydrocrackers.
Ed Westlake: And was there any wholesale benefit? I mean, obviously, I guess racks in 4Q crude could fell?
Lane Riggs: Yes. We did see a benefit on the wholesale side. The rack prices tend to lag a little bit. And so we had very good rack margins through the fourth quarter.
Ed Westlake: I mean is there a way to quantify in dollar millions, I mean just obviously trying to get to sort of a sense of a more steady state level of earnings, appreciate there's lots of volatility in the fourth quarter and still today?
Lane Riggs: I don't have those numbers.
Ed Westlake: Any volumes of wholesale products, which perhaps because that stuff which you can sell over the rack where the wholesale margin may not have expanded as much, and then there are other parts to be U.S., I'm thinking, some of these states which don't have refining, where you'd imagine that there would be a greater sensitivity to wholesale. I mean any sort of overall number for production that is sold in rack prices, which is a price to the positive?
Joseph Gorder: Well, I mean our wholesale business really consist of I would say several different types of businesses. We've got the branded wholesale business. We've got the unbranded contract business. We've got our national accounts business. And then we've got spot wholesale business. And all of that is volume that's moved across the rack. Ed, we don't have a problem talking about it, but quite honestly the income associated with the wholesale business is embedded right now in the way we report our refinery operations. And the volume and the margins on the wholesale business are so much smaller than we would have, if you look at the refining margin, it's just doesn't makes sense to break it out before. And it also tends to vary so much. So I would tell you, if you want we can talk about this a little bit offline, but I don't think it's going to have a material impact to your forecasting going forward.
Ed Westlake: I was just trying to check, when you have surprises like this, you're trying to work out where they came from?
Joseph Gorder: Sure. I understand, but I would tell you that maybe it was a good quarter for wholesale, but it wasn't something that material affected the numbers that we reported.
Ed Westlake: And then just a tad theory of mine. We're all driving F150s to Disney World this summer. I'm driving from New York it's a long way, I might even take the F350 on the road. How do you think the industry is going to be prepared to make the summer-grade gasoline given that we probably haven't have this type of market for sometime. Maybe just give us a color on any constraints that you see in making summer-grade gasoline or not, just a view?
Joseph Gorder: I don't see any thing where I would tell you that we'll have any constraints on being able to produce the gasoline for the summer time market.
Ed Westlake: So it should just be a normal seasonal trade as we switch out from winter to summer, but nothing exceptional in your view?
Joseph Gorder: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Joe, just as a follow-up from a conversation of couple of months ago, obviously Brent TI is tighter. So we're inside this export arbitrage, but now in 2015 the politics Washington are a little bit different. Wanted to get your temperature on the discussion around the crude export band and what discussions in Washington feel like around that right now?
Joseph Gorder: That's a good question. I mean we maintain our position that we're totally supportive of free and open markets. If the crude export ban were lifted, we believe that Congress is going to address this and needs to address it, and the other issues associated with this as well such as the Jones Act, cross-border pipelines in the RFS, that's been our position and I think that we continue to believe that. It's hard to pick one particular issue and focus attention on that without looking at the overall energy policy that we have here in the U.S. in aggregate. So we talked to our government relations guys all the time. We know that there is a lot of conversation taking place around crude oil exports, but we're not seeing it being promoted in any kind of material way at this point in time. Now, if you go to the practical side of this, we are still importers of crude in the United States. We import significant volumes, probably still 4.5 millions barrels per day, and that's not from Canada. There is additional volumes that are coming from Canada. So you've got crude that's being brought into the country. You've got at market right now that is putting downward pressure on crude prices, and you ultimately will get to who's got the lowest cost to produce to determine who is going to be continuing to produce and provide the supply. So I, honestly, am not sure where you would see domestically produced crude being exported today as it's trying to find its way through refining capacity globally. So issues flare up and then they tend to calm down a little bit. This one is still getting some conversations, but I don't think our perspective has changed from what we've talked about historically.
Neil Mehta: The other question is around Brent WTI just separately. You made the comment that you think they has the potential to widen out here over the next couple of months. What's driven the widening over the last couple of weeks? What do you guys see in Cushing happening? And then as you think about where that widening could occur, is it on the TI LLS piece of the equation or is it Brent LLS?
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I would say the team has driven the Brent TI wide, as if you look at the DOE stats over the last two weeks, we had two very large crude bills. So it kind of starts to tell you that as the Saudi start forcing more medium sour barrels into the market, it displays that some of this like light sweetening will begin to light sweet. And as inventory is build then it means we need to wider for EIR in order to start the incentiving refineries to take that light barrel back into the market. So I think that's what's happened. I do think it will get wider to the point where we are incentivized to go back to light sweet. And I would tell you that I would expect that the Brent TI could be a little bit wider and part of that is also due to the fact that we're building all this inventory in Cushing, and so maybe the Brent TI is a little bit wider than the LLS to Brent Spread.
Operator: The next question comes Chi Chow from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Chi Chow: Just a couple of follow-ups there. I guess this is a really question for the second half of year. With the Line 9 reversal, what sort of volumes do you have committed on that line and what sorts of crudes are you expecting to move on? Is it Bakken or Syncrude or some other Canadian barrel?
Joseph Gorder: So I don't think we've talked about our line commitment is. What we've said is when Line 9 comes up, we'll be able to completely supply the Quebec refinery with North American domestic barrels. In terms of the quality of crude, we would expect to ship. About 50% of the volume we ship would be a synthetic-type barrel and the other mix of other Canadian light sweet Bakken.
Chi Chow: And do those crudes, when you bring them in, are they going to change the yield at all or are they going increase the possibility from product standpoint on yields and volumes.
Joseph Gorder: So what we would say is with the change in diet, the crudes that we anticipate getting off Line 9 tend to be a higher distillate yield crude. And so we do show that they have a margin advantage as long as distillate is over gasoline compared to some of the West African grades that we run today, which tend to be a higher gasoline yield crude.
Chi Chow: And then a couple of questions just for Mike. I guess, you've got to couple of debt maturities this year, what's the timing of those? And secondly, how do you think about sort of a minimum cash balance that you're comfortable operating at.
Michael Ciskowski: The timings, there's 400 is due next week. I believe it is. And then we have 75 that's couple of months later is on the timing. And what was the second question?
Chi Chow: Just how you think about minimum cash balance? What sort of minimum levels are you comfortable operating at?
Michael Ciskowski: I mean we really don't have a minimum cash balance identified, but when you look at our operations, I think, we are comfortable in the range of around $2 billion. End of Q&A
Operator: At this moment, we show no further questions. I will like to turn the meeting over to you for any closing remarks.
Joseph Gorder: Thank you, Hilda. We appreciate everyone calling in and those listening today. If you have additional questions please contact our IR department. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  John Locke – Executive Director, IR Joe Gorder – CEO and President Gary Simmons – SVP, International Operations and Systems Optimization Lane Riggs – EVP, Refining Operations and Engineering Ashley Smith – VP, IR Mike Ciskowski – EVP and CFO Rich Lashway – VP, Logistics Operations Martin Parish – VP. Alternative Fuels
Analysts:  Jeff Dietert – Simmons Paul Cheng – Barclays Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Doug Leggate – Bank of America Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank Roger Read – Wells Fargo Phil Gresh – JPMorgan Mohit Bhardwaj – Citigroup Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research Allen Good – Morningstar 
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Daniel, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. John Locke. Mr. Locke, you may begin.
John Locke: Thank you, Daniel. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our CEO and President; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Now, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now, before we review the quarterly results, I’d like to highlight some of our strategic accomplishments in the last quarter. These actions aligned with our key strategies to reduce feed stock costs by improving access to North American crudes and to grow our logistic investments and Valero Energy Partners LP, our sponsored logistics partnership. In August, we secured shipping rights and the option to purchase a 50% interest in Plain All American Diamond Pipeline. When completed in late 2016, that 440-mile pipeline will connect our Memphis refinery to the crude oil hub at Cushing Oklahoma. Regarding Valero Energy Partners LP, we completed our first drop for $154 million in cash at the beginning of the third quarter. We also continue to advance in our capability to access and process advantage crudes during the quarter, with the commissioning of our rail unloading facility at the Port Arthur refinery. With the startup in September, this is the third crude-by-rail facility we’ve completed in the past 13 months, with the other two completed facilities located at our St. Charles and Quebec City refineries. As mentioned in the release, we are also progressing on our other key investments as part of our strategy, including the completion of investments to receive advantage crude at our Quebec refinery on Enbridge 9B Pipeline reversal. We also expect to complete the hydrocracker revamp at our Meraux refinery later this quarter. Now, looking out a little further, the two crude topping units at our Corpus Christi and Houston refineries are progressing as planned. Moving on to our quarterly results, as you saw in our earnings release we had a strong quarter. We reported third quarter 2014 earnings of $1.1 billion or $2 per share. Third quarter 2014 operating income was $1.7 billion or $1.1 billion higher than the third quarter of 2013. Most of the increase within the refining segment although the ethanol business also contributed. Refining throughput margin in the third quarter of 2014 was $11.81 per barrel, an increase of $4.05 per barrel versus the third quarter of 2013. Wider discounts on sweet and sour crude oils versus brand and strong gasoline margins in most regions were slightly offset by weaker distillate margins versus brands in most regions and higher natural gas costs. Also contributing to the higher throughput margin, although Quebec City refinery’s higher year-over-year consumption of North American light crude in the third quarter. The refinery’s feedstock diet consisted of 79% North American grades in the third quarter of 2014, which is up from 6% in the third quarter of 2013. In addition, we realized a reduction in crude cost in our Mid-Continent region when we completed our connections with pipeline in Childress Texas. This connection allowed us to receive an incremental 40,000 to 50,000 barrels per day at Midland price WTI crude oil primarily for our McKee refinery. Lastly, we continue to ramp up North American crude consumption in our Gulf Coast region by replacing an additional 100,000 barrels per day of foreign crude in the third quarter of 2014 versus the third quarter of 2013, with some of those volumes delivered to Port Arthur by our new rail unloading facility I mentioned earlier. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day in the third quarter of 2014, which is an increase of 42,000 barrels per day versus the third quarter of 2013. Less turnaround activity and higher throughput capacity utilization led to the increase in volumes which was supported by strong product exports and the increased availability of North American light crude on the Gulf Coast. We operated our refineries at 98% throughput capacity utilization for the quarter. In our refining, cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2014 were $3.81 per barrel, which is $0.07 per barrel higher than third quarter of 2013 due mainly to higher energy costs. The ethanol segment generated record earnings of $198 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2014 versus $113 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2013. The increase in ethanol segment operating income was mainly due to $0.27 per gallon increase in gross margin driven by lower corn prices on an abundant corn harvest, higher production volumes from the startup of our Mount Vernon, Indiana plant. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.6 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2014. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $180 million in the third quarter of 2014. Net interest expense was $98 million and total depreciation and amortization expense was $430 million. The effective tax rate was 32.9%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $6.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.2 billion of which $231 million was held by Valero Energy Partners LP. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 10.5% excluding cash held by Valero Energy Partners LP. Valero had approximately $5.6 billion and Valero Energy Partners had $300 million of available liquidity in addition to cash. Cash flows in the third quarter included $622 million of capital expenditures of which $123 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. In the third quarter we raised our dividend for the second time this year with 10% increase. We returned $489 million in cash to our stockholders, which included $145 million in dividend payments and $344 million in purchases of approximately 7 million shares of Valero common stock. And subsequent to the third quarter, we continue to return cash to stockholders by purchasing an additional 3 million share of common stock for $138 million, which brings our total for 2014 to 18.4 million shares for $937 million. For 2014, we are lower in our guidance for capital expenditures including turnarounds and catalysts by $100 million to approximately $2.9 billion. We expect stay-in business capital to account for slightly less than 50% of total spending with the remainder related to growth investments primarily for logistics and advantage crude oil processing capability. More than 50% of Valero’s estimated growth investments in 2014 are for logistics, and we believe most of this will be eligible for drop-down into Valero Energy Partners LP. Now, for 2015 capital expenditures including turnarounds and catalyst, we expect to spend approximately $2.8 billion consisting of approximately $1.8 billion for stay-in business capital and $1.3 billion for growth investments, a majority of growth investments are allocated to logistics and increase in our capability to process manage crude. So, for modeling, our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges, Gulf Coast at 1.55 million to 1.6 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 260,000 to 280,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be around $4 per barrel. For our ethanol operations in the fourth quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.7 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.41 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense excluding depreciation for the fourth quarter to be around $190 million and net interest expense should be about $95 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the fourth quarter should be approximately $425 million and our effective tax rate should be around 35%. So, now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few remarks.
Joe Gorder: Well, thank you, John. And as you may have seen, last week announced that Bill Klesse has chosen to step-down as Chairman of Valero Energy’s Board of Directors at the end of this year. So, on behalf of our Valero team, we just want to thank Bill for all he’s done to make this company successful over his 45-year career. And we really like to wish Marty and Bill, all the best going forward. John?
John Locke: Thank you, Joe. So, before I turn over to Q&A, I just want to clarify on the 2015 stay-in business capital should be $1.5 billion, I believe I said $1.8 billion. So, okay, Daniel, we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we will open the call to questions. During this segment, we request that callers limit each turn to two questions. The callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions.
Operator: Okay, thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our very first question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Yes. It’s Jeff Dietert with Simmons. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: So my question has to do with some of your crude feedstock costs and specifically one with Saudi having raised their prices to the U.S. It appears that some of their crudes were not terribly competitive. We saw the crude imports for the total U.S. drop from 1.6 million barrels a day in April to less than 900,000 barrels a day in September while Saudi was increasing prices during that period of time. Since then they’ve had four consecutive months of price reductions. And I was wondering if you could provide some color as to how attractive the Saudi crudes have been in the market through the spring and summer? And whether or not these recent reductions in prices make them more competitive now?
Gary Simmons: Hi Jeff, this is Gary Simmons. You’re exactly right. I mean the Saudi barrels that gotten to wear, we felt like they were competitive versus all alternatives. In the third quarter our volumes from the total Middle East were down considerably where we’ve historically run. We’re now seeing this they’re making pricing moves to bring their barrels back being competitive in the market. I would say with their recent announcement on their OSP they were competitive or at least within basic sense of marks.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Okay. And secondly with the Brent pricing being weak and some of the West African prices being soft, have you seen those barrels price themselves back into either of the East Coast market or the Gulf Coast market with some of the softness relative to LLS, we’ve seen this fall?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Jeff. The place that we pivot first is really our Quebec refinery. And we definitely as Brent got weak, we saw some synergies start buying from West African grades again and backing out some of the grades that we were taking from U.S. Gulf Coast.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Yes. So both that sounds like increases in imports in a market where we’ve got pretty substantial domestic production growth. Do you think domestic prices have to soften to back those imports back out of the market?
Gary Simmons: Yes. And you could kind of see that in the markets. The Brent got weak about three or four weeks ago. We started to pivot as others did. And then we’ve had three straight weeks where crude goes towards in the U.S. bill. So it kind of tells you the differential has to come back off to force those barrels back into the market.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Our following question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Hi guys. Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: I have one request and two questions. The request is that it seems that some of the part in losses may turn out to be an emerging investment team in the sector. I know there’s still a small number, but it would be helpful I think for your shareholders if in your press release somewhere that you put down what is the GP cash flow and your total number of units in the LP and also that the total LP unit. I mean even though that those numbers can be found in your VLP disclosure it’s just helpful there to be in one document. In terms of the question, with the announcement or that from one of your competitors last week in terms of their strategy in drop-down they have substantially as their rate, is there any key or more transparent strategy or data that you can put one in terms of your VLP drop-down pace or the distribution growth for the next several years?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul that’s a fair question. This is Joe. If we look at VLP, since the IPO we’ve stated that we’re going to grow our distributions between 20% and 25% a year. We’re in target to be in the middle to the high-end to that range. We just completed a drop and a distribution increase and we’re working on the next drop. Now, VLP is less than a year old, well we don’t have a debt rating yet, we’ll be in the process of getting that the next year or so. And it’s our intention to be investment grade. Now, when you consider the size and the pace of our drops to VLP, our original plan was to start with the logistics assets that would be more traditional. And that’s when we said that we’ve got the $800 million of EBITDA that is not a specific business unit that we have within Valero, it’s assets that are used to support the rest of the operations. And so we haven’t had P&Ls for them. That being said, that we can go in and we can calculate what the EBITDA would be for those assets based on market rates and that’s what we’ve done. Now, what’s come up here recently is this additional set of cases that would include do you put fuel margins and process units, into the MLP. So, we’re going to take a look at everything and we’re going to act accordingly. Obviously it’s never simple of taking EBITDA, putting the multiple on it and the same that’s what the value is. You got a lot of tax effects that need to be considered. The other thing then is, with the use of proceeds, could they be used, I mean, I expect we’re going to use them to do growth projects or to return the cash to the shareholders depending on which option has the highest returns. One of the questions we ask ourselves is if we do accelerate the drop we’re going to get some of the parts valuation increase in Valero because that’s something that although we’ve executed the MLP, we haven’t seen it yet.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Yes. But at least based on what Tesoro and MPC reaction on the last several weeks that seems like that is started catching on as a new theme?
Joe Gorder: Yes, we see it too Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Yes. A second question on the $2.8 billion next year budget is that including anything in the methanol projects? And if it is indeed going to go for FID, should we assume it is just an add-on or that you’re going to compensate and adjusting it so that you still could get the $2.8 billion?
Lane Riggs: Hi Paul, Lane Riggs. That $150 million in the 2015 led to $2.8 billion, and I’ll predict we’re in the Phase 2 development of the project and we’ll go – we’ll have another review in for side view, we’ll then go somewhere in the second quarter of ‘15.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: And Lane if you do go ahead should we assume you’re still keep $2.8 billion or that this is incremental? In other words will you adjust your other projects so that you don’t go beyond the $2.8 billion?
Lane Riggs: It is in the $2.8 billion.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul the $150 million – we have a $150 million as a place folder in that $2.8 million budget. If we didn’t perceive with the methanol plant, we wouldn’t spend that $150 million and we’d be at $265 million.
Paul Cheng – Barclays: Okay, got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Guys, good morning. Thanks. Congratulations on the rollover in CapEx into ‘15. I guess this is kind of a combination of a higher level question from Paul and maybe a tie on from Jeff as well as with regard to the Saudi pricing. It looks like the lower – the logistics spending is decreasing like 45% of the total down to about 30% of the growth total. And I guess I’m just wondering with the Saudi’s changing their pricing and I guess I’m just wondering is there a chance where some of the infrastructure in North American crude investments that have been made, do we get to a point where some of that isn’t quite as necessary? Do you still have the flexibility to shift back and forth to foreign versus domestic runs in your system?
Gary Simmons: Yes, Blake. I would tell you I think we’ve been very selective on what we should invest capital around logistics. We still think it makes sense that as you talked about, we haven’t done anything to lose our optionality that we can continue to import the foreign barrels and Saudi makes more sense around those barrels, we haven’t lost any of our optionality to be able to do that.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake, Gary makes a great point here. I mean, what we’re dealing with the markets that are really volatile. And the opportunity today is the opportunity today and it will change tomorrow or the next day. Again, one thing that is certain is if you don’t have the logistics in place to take advantage of the opportunity when it’s there is gone. And so, we feel very good about the projects that we’ve undertaken. I mean, the rate approved projects to move heavy sour crudes in are very good projects for us as are the unloading facilities that we’ve got. Our commitment to pipelines I think are very solid for us going forward. And the fact that you’ve got the pressure on the crude price right now affecting the start is willing us to move barrels back in. At the end of the day it’s going to be good because we’re going to see pressure on all of the barrels as they try to find all-mineral refinery going forward. So, we feel pretty good about what we’ve done and what we’ve got on the place to do going forward.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thanks. The second question is on exports. We’ve seen record high utilization levels earlier this year and you mentioned product exports in your press release. For one, can you give us a capacity number of what your current capacity is? And is that kind of one of the main drivers that’s been driving this higher utilization? Because when I look at my modeling it seems like the earnings in 2012 were very comparable with where we’re going to land this year and basically that insinuates it’s not really that much more incentive from an economic standpoint to run, so is it simply a function of additional export capacity?
John Locke: Yes, what we did in the third quarter is we did 90,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports, that time early we went to Mexico and Latin America. We did 227,000 barrels of straight distillers and 240,000 barrels of diesel when you include the currency. The distilled and exports went to Latin America and Europe. We still have quite a bit of capacity left. On the gasoline side, we can probably give about 255,000 barrels a day, it’s around 400,000 barrels a day this to the next quarter. So, we still have a lot of room to increase our exports. But for us, this is just an optimization that we do every day, Blake. And it’s just the matter of where we can get the best net-net for the barrels. So, when you look today, the domestic diesel market is very strong. And so, some of our diesel exports have slowed down a bit as we send barrels to the best net-net market which today is some of the domestic markets.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our following question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone. Good morning Joe.
Joe Gorder: Hello Doug.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: And by the way, Joe congrats on your ascending to the Chairmanship as well. It’s nice to see with all of the titles.
Joe Gorder: Thank you.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: My, you’ve see what Tesoro has done here recently by talking about a full-service MLP. And obviously a lot of – there’s a lot of different strategies seem to be going on within the space I guess Phillips is pursuing a similar kind of thing. I guess I’m curious as to looking outside of the refining backyard, so to speak, how do you view your MLP vehicle strategically in terms of maybe moving beyond just what we would associate as a normal course of business in the refining?
Joe Gorder: I’ll tell you Doug. We do look at it as an entity that’s there to support the core business operations of Valero Energy. I mean, we’ve set it up with that in tens, we set it up as a traditional logistics MLP that was going to primarily focus on transportation and terminalling assets. Obviously the market’s changing here a little bit, people are making decisions to quit, a lot of their party assets in some cases in support some of the margin, the fuels margin in the assets also. I mean, that’s something that we’ll take a look at going forward. But our view of it is a very attractive low cost of capital way to support Valero’s core business.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Okay. I appreciate. I’m going to just I’ll take some follow-up offline because there are multiple costs seeking down with one but. I guess my follow-up is really, could we get your latest thinking on the fuels market, generally the gasoline market in particular. You still have little bit refinery kind of more fold recycled then might found a buyer. And obviously there is a whole crude context has come down. So I’m just kind of curious as to, what’s your prognosis for the Atlantic Basin gasoline market and should we expect the kind of resilience in parts we’ve seen in these last couple of years, of these known supply risk emerging on the margins? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
John Locke: Thanks Joe.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I guess two separate questions, I don’t know, Lane, do you want to address the root one first.
John Locke: Go ahead on the gasoline.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Overall, I think we see gasoline demand in the Atlantic Basin fairly flat. And so, a lot of the question on the Atlantic Basin is really going to be what happens in Western Europe, and do you have rationalization occur in Western Europe, and that would probably be the big driver on the overall supply-demand balances in the Atlantic Basin moving forward.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Would that assume, you don’t have an acute exports on higher I’m guessing?
Gary Simmons: Yes.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Okay. And on the pipe of diesel, do you see, in part of the Gulf Coast markets, particularly?
Joe Gorder: Hi Doug, look, I think that project is going to be a bit challenged. And I mean, if they’re producing gasoline, it’s going to have to go somewhere so we’ll probably see at the market. But I would stack up the competitive position of our Gulf Coast refineries against any refinery like that.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Okay. All right, you don’t have the sum. Thanks a lot Joe. I appreciate your time.
Joe Gorder: Thanks.
Operator: Our following question comes from Brad Heffer from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets: So, going back, sort of to an earlier question, has there been any change as to the demand that you guys are seeing in export markets currently?
Joe Gorder: No, I would tell you from the third quarter to the fourth quarter what I would expect is that our exports will probably be up a little bit, most of that will be gasoline exports will increase into the fourth quarter, just to the exports probably fairly flat which is difficult for us. Gasoline, typically the exports are little stronger in the fourth quarter and the first quarter and follow-up when we hear the December driving season here in the U.S.
Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, got you. And then, you had a competitor last week talking about sort of a tight MIA market on the Gulf Coast. I was wondering if you guys have seen that and having difficulty to getting sort of the heavier crudes in the door?
Joe Gorder: Our MIA volumes for the third quarter were right at our contract levels and up about 20,000 barrels a day what we had in the second quarter.
Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Ryan Todd from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks good morning gentlemen. A couple of questions, maybe one, if you could talk a little bit about capture rate across very strong capture rate we saw across the portfolio this quarter, and I realize the following crude prices probably increase the profitability at the bottom of the barrel. But outside of that, can you talk about maybe any other drivers of strong profitability and how sustainable maybe some of those might be on go-forward quarters?
Ashley Smith: Hi Ryan, this is Ashley Smith. Yes, we performed well we had a limited turnaround activity in the quarter, so other quarters might not be as comparable when we had more turnaround activity. But a lot of the capture rate is partially due to our investments and hydrocrackers are running well. In fact, St. Charles hydrocracker is running in a – consistingly running in excessive capacity. In addition, you saw some typical market stuff that’s not in the indicator such as DGO as well we achieved in the quarter and that paid us well too.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, probably some outage in non-recurring things but maybe at least underlying there some recurring things from your past investments, I guess it’s in there?
Ashley Smith: That is – that’s basically, you’re always going to have some movement in items that are not in the indicator. But we also are seeing benefits from our previous investments particularly in the hydrocrackers.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. And then maybe one more on and I apologize that this is, I missed it over the call. On crude flows from Corpus feeds in Canada, I know you guys have moved some crude that’s gone around there to the East Coast of Canada refining system. I mean, how much have you been moving and then how do you expect that they would change in 2015?
Joe Gorder: Yes, so we moved 124,000 barrels a day of Gulf Coast crude to Quebec, that didn’t all move through Corpus. Our project at Corpus will be online and probably functional in quarter terms, for the first quarter. So, we’ll start using our corporate assets in the first quarter. The volume we move was largely over third party logistics assets that we move to Quebec.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And if you just look at, I mean, when you look at the 2015 dynamics both on the line 9B, eventual startup and capacity. Is that a number that you think you can grow substantially in 2015 or are there some limits there?
Joe Gorder: Well, when line 9 starts up, we will run less barrels from the U.S. Gulf Coast than what we ran in the third quarter and we’ll supply more Quebec’s flowing through line 9.
Ryan Todd – Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right, I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo: Hi, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Hello Roger.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo: Just to pick up a little bit more on sort of the CapEx for ‘15, and maybe for ‘16 with the crude topping projects in I guess Corpus and Houston. And then maybe what the decision timeframe is on that? And I’m thinking also all right, crude softened up a little bit, and they see some slowdown eventually in U.S. production if that has any impact on your thinking? And then whether or not the recent developments on the crude exports side, the DOE or EIA’s report on gasoline prices being driven by brand not by domestic prices is sort of shot across the bow for being in favor of exports – crude exports?
Lane Riggs: Hi Roger, this is Lane. To answer your questions about crude units, there are crudes and they are under construction, we’re building on them. We’ll right now, we’re forecasting will be complete, mechanically complete into next year for oil and roughly at the beginning of the first quarter of ‘16, somewhere in that timeframe. In terms of the project basis economics, we assume that LLS is parity of brand and that’s not what we recorded for those are still good projects. They aggregate around 30% in that pricing environment. So we still feel it’s a really good project. Ultimately not backing out our intermediate purchases, we’re beginning, we’re long converging capacity, sort of the day, we have to get to the market to buy intermediate in West Africa and then in the North Sea. And this sort of changes our feedstock the way we’re going to feed our system. And what was the second question?
Joe Gorder: Yes, Roger, could you restate your second question.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo: Yes, it was just more along the lines of I was pointing out with the EIA having come out with that report on gasoline, whether that had any impact on these projects overall. I mean, originally these were going to be online in ‘15, so I was just trying to figure out if you were maybe the question is why are they now ‘16 instead of ‘15, or just delayed on construction or was there – you’re looking at it internally and showing well, if things change maybe we don’t want to go forward?
Lane Riggs: Now, the projects were always sort of in the fourth quarter ‘15, first quarter ‘16 and it’s about mechanical completions versus oil and bay. There has not been any delay with them or not, it’s about these projects and we’re going forward with them. Because we’re not really about trying to produce more gasoline and more diesel this is about trying to feed our system more economically right with domestic role, which were imported in release.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, as you look at the fourth quarter here relative to the third quarter in terms of what we’ve seen in crude differentials. How is it shaking up for you, I mean, I know we can look at the screens and make our guesses but are you seeing anything significantly different in terms of the Gulf Coast, let’s call it the light-heavies here?
Joe Gorder: No, not anything too significant. Overall when you look at the LLS market in Mars, Mars continues to price competitive with LLS. And I think the heavies continue to price competitively with Mars. As you move west in the Gulf, you start to see a bigger advantage to run some of the light sweep, but that’s not too different from what we saw in the third quarter.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our following question comes from Phil Gresh from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Gresh – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning.
John Locke: Good morning, Phil.
Phil Gresh – JPMorgan: Yes, a couple of questions. First, first one is just on the cash flow for the quarter and just the – what’s the working capital contribution might have been. I know there is a few sizable negatives in the first quarter for working capital. I wasn’t sure if there was a reversal of the big positive over the fourth quarter of last year, just kind of where we stand on working capital in general and how to think about that in the fourth quarter?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Our change in cash for the quarter was an increase of $700 million. And of that amount about $300 million of that was attributable to working capital so we had an increase in our payables receivable in that. So that’s – I mean, that’s going to be a timing issue most likely.
Phil Gresh – JPMorgan: And for the fourth quarter, any thoughts on whether there is additional contribution?
Mike Ciskowski: Towards the end of the year, as we manage around the life of inventory levels there, things so that we could have a reduction in our working capital.
Phil Gresh – JPMorgan: Okay. And then, just with respect to the cash flow generation profile in general obviously, very strong and your stock is cheaper around free cash flow yield than most refiners. So I’m just wondering how you’re thinking about kind of impacting that valuation rather, you’ve talked – obviously talked about the MLP structure as an opportunity but whether it’s increasing buybacks or meaningful step-up in the dividend or something else you can do to change the game? I’m just curious how you’re thinking about things?
Joe Gorder: Phil, that’s a good question. I mean, when we look at the use of cash, we’ve got some very good projects. So we’re going to continue with the projects that we have underway these very strong returns and they make us much more efficient. And we realize that there is a balance between investments for growth in returning cash to shareholders. Now, I think our actions in the third quarter and through this year really reflect its realization. And we’ve had two dividend increases and we’ve had increased share repurchases while continuing with the growth projects that improve our overall business. And to the extent that we have free cash flow going forward and to the extent that there are, tremendous capital projects to use the cash for. I think you can see us continue on this path. And we’ll be comfortable with returning it to shareholders.
Phil Gresh – JPMorgan: Okay, thanks. I’ll turn it on.
Operator: Our following question comes from Mohit Bhardwaj from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mohit Bhardwaj – Citigroup: Thanks for taking my question. Joe, if you could just tackle this follow-up on your comments about the landing mason. If you look at where the crude prices are right now and it seems like there is excess crude supply in the Atlantic Basin. What do you think it does for the refining business in the U.S. and how do you think production moves or these supply moves going forward?
Joe Gorder: Okay, I’ll let Gary Simmons give you a shot at that.
Gary Simmons: Very difficult to state. I think the key question there, is what is the marginal cost of production in North America versus other regions in the globe, and of course we’re not an upstream company. So, I don’t really know how all that shakes out. I think the assumption you’re kind of making with the question is that as crude price falls in the North American production falls with, the flat price falls. And that may happen, but I really don’t know, I’m not sure to be able to comment on that.
Mohit Bhardwaj – Citigroup: Right. So, if you look at third quarter versus fourth quarter, one other thing that you said for the third quarter was that you were utilizing the front of the refining, a lot more is sort of little bit more in utilizing the downstream, it’s little less and where the VGO prices and availability of light speed crude. Or do you think that’s still the case in the fourth quarter?
Joe Gorder: Lane.
Lane Riggs: I’ll try to take a shot at this, this is Lane. Our signals in the third quarter were obviously max on everything. And to the extent that we’re signaled around high crude rate half way to the 1,000 crude margins. And we had really good converging unit margins because VGO prices were inexpensive. We still see those signals going forward in the fourth quarter, they’re not as strong as they were in the third quarter but they’re still have signals put on our system relatively bold.
Mohit Bhardwaj – Citigroup: Right. And one final one from me, just on the diamond pipeline. So, just to be clear, you guys have not exercised the 50% option on the pipelines yet? And if you could also follow-up on if you look at some of your peers were talking about doing a study on cap line and you were the main consumer as far as Memphis refinery is concerned on cap line. Does diamond pipeline option also allow you to sort of if there is a reversible cap line to participate in that?
Joe Gorder: Rich, do you want to?
Rich Lashway: Yes, I’ll take a crack at that. So, the diamond pipeline is progressing. It is connected it will be connected to the cap line. So, today, we’re connected – Memphis is connected to the cap line pipeline. So we have dual supply source into the Memphis refinery potentially and be able to take advantage of a reversal. I think they’re just undertaking a study as we speak, so maybe some time before that actually becomes reality.
Joe Gorder: As far as the option on the diamond pipeline.
Rich Lashway: So, yes, I’m sorry, I missed that first part. So, on the option, we have not exercised the option. We have that option through early January of ‘16 to make that decision.
Mohit Bhardwaj – Citigroup: All right. Thank you for taking my questions.
Joe Gorder: Sure Mohit.
Operator: Our following question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon guys.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Joe, can you walk us through the decision to reduce 2015 CapEx sequentially from ‘14 and is that a top-down decision to raise distributable cash or a function of higher hurdle rates or the project queue, particularly in relation to midstream?
Joe Gorder: No, is it related to the midstream?
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: It is just in total, you ditched down sequentially, is that a desire to increase distributable cash flow or a function of how those each projects shook out in the review process?
Joe Gorder: No, it’s the latter. As we – we started with a list of projects. And if you look at it from the refining perspective, Lane has the process that he goes through tremendous rigorous review. And I think the fact that he’s got this rigorous review shows up in the timing on the methanol project, right. It’s a big project, and we want to be sure that we’ve got the capital right. So he’s going through this in a very methodical way, just to be sure on target. We put together a list of prospective projects and we do this every year. And what we’re doing now is we, our list of projects that we talk about are those we scrubbed at the point that we feel that there is a reasonable probability that we’re going to do them. So, the projects we feel we could execute next year from either the refining side or the logistic side, as we’ve included in the budget, we feel we’re fairly committed to that 2.65 million numbers, $150 million from ethanol is kind of let’s see what we get. But it is a kind of bottom-up, what projects do we have to take a look at and then we look at it from the top-down and say these are the ones that we want to undertake based on the return thresholds. There is though, a general view among this management team that we’d like to try to return more cash to shareholders. And so, having a capital and having our capital at this level is something we’re very comfortable with. We believe it creates that proper value between, proper balance between continued investment to grow and optimize the business and rewarding the shareholder for his loyalty to us.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: And just for clarification, I think in the opening, you stated that midstream is 50% of that growth CapEx, it releases 30% which would be sequentially down. Is it, which of the two is midstream is a function of growth?
Joe Gorder: No, I think if you look at ‘14 versus ‘15, we’ve got significant investment for example in the rail carts in 2014. That falls off. We have it intentionally tried to reduce the investments that we’re making in the midstream side of the business. Okay, what we’ve got is probably timing issues here, developing the projects in the form where we’re willing to put them in to the capital budget, that’s all we’re dealing with.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, mid – plus $390 million I guess its $390 million I presume if it’s that 30% figure. And then, should we, is that right?
Ashley Smith: Hi Evan, this is Ashley. Yes, you’re correct. So, we’re going from ‘14, it was over 50% of our capital with the logistics and it’s because of rail power is falling off, it’s going to be next year, little over 30%. And you’re right, it’s right around $400 million in logistics.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Great. So, the MLP, I believe the EBITDA exists be around $70 million-ish kind of estimate, is that reasonable?
Ashley Smith: It certainly keeps growing.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Right, great. All right, good luck. I look forward to your analysis of larger scope of droppable assets and good results guys.
Joe Gorder: Thanks a lot.
Ashley Smith: Thanks Evan.
Operator: Our following question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Hi, pretty soon we’re just going to call this logistics conference calls as opposed to refining conference calls.
Joe Gorder: We did notice that Ed.
Gary Simmons: If they’re truly higher, we’ll do it.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes. I will be most pulled arbitrage is pretty obvious. But, so let’s carry on that lane. So, diamond pipe, any sort of color on the EBITDA that that might contribute if you guys work with that plan or overall investment level?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I think we’ve talked about the cost being approximately $900 million, and when we look at a proper most pulling around 10 times that would give you $90 million and 50% of that would kind of back you into $45 million of EBITDA.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Great. And then, another strategic, I mean, obviously I don’t know, you must have seen the EPG Oil-Tanking Acquisition which was somewhat elevated multiple. And obviously assuming that there was going to be a lot of export drugs to obviously drive throughputs and drive that multiple down. So, I look at your logistics and your refining system in Texas, I look at what Phillip 66 has done at Vermont and the Bakken pipe project as associated with that. I look at the Permian and the Eagle Ford and still growing, and I think there has to be something to be done. So, how, am I off in terms of the landscape or while that, competitive barriers for you being able to compete as effectively?
Joe Gorder: I mean, there is competitive barriers to everything right, but there is no reason that we can’t compete effectively with this. And as I mentioned earlier, we talked about the capital. We’ve included in the capital budget project we’re highly confident we’re going to do. The one exception is that methanol plant, I’m not saying we will or won’t do it we’re just still in the process of looking at it. But we’ve got a lot of logistics projects right now that Rich Lashway and his team are in the process of developing. They’re not far enough well to include in the capital budget but they would be logistics type path that would use to support the existing refining portfolio. And there’s some of them that look like they are very good projects.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, I should ask a refining question. The turnarounds obviously were pretty high as you connected up a lot of the hydrocrakers and did lot of reliability work in ‘12 and ‘13, and obviously still in the second quarter in off seeds. Easy to see, how good your throughputs were in the third quarter. As you look out from here, I mean, do you feel that you have a more reliable refining system or is that still more work that needs to be done to get the reliability to where you need it to be? And maybe a comment on general turnaround schedules into next year?
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. So, our last really big liability projects we did and we’re looking at systems that in the quarter and that were replacing the reactors. We went and now we’re in the process of starting up the Meraux hydrocracker which should begin, sort of reconfigure in that refiner. We don’t really have anything quite like that going forward in our capital plan. It’s sort of, we’re going to be in premium, doesn’t really impact our throughputs per say. So, really from here going forward, we just have our round phase, our regimen of standard turnaround execution themselves.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes, that was all things equal we should expect that sort of overall utilization next year and perhaps a year after than the last three year run-rate?
Lane Riggs: Yes, and we always, I mean, our number one focus on everything we do is to try, with first is safety. But right behind that is really liability. And we do never squeeze for reliability stand, is actually slowing. And we’re pretty confident that we have spent the right money on the right things to maintain a higher liability rate in our system.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Very clear, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Hi, good morning everybody.
Joe Gorder: Hi Sam.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Lots have been covered, I guess, I’ll stick to ethanol if refining questions are I say we do. So, the business has responded really well to lower corn prices obviously results have been getting better and better. Just strategically, do you think you can, it can tolerate any kind of stabilizing business component, a tolling agreement or something like that that might make it eligible for a different structure or is this just normal volatility in the industry with a really good corn crop this year in your mind?
Joe Gorder: Martin, you want to speak to the market aspect of this.
Martin Parish: Sure, Sam, this is Martin Parish. On the market aspect, we like where we’re positioned. Production has been high as you can see inventories have only built like a million barrels in total for the year. So, we feel really good, we’re positioned exports are high. We think margins going forward are going to be good, we like the business. Now, as far as the totaling type deal, I mean, Sam, what do you think in there, is this a question about doing what to monetize the business or?
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Yes, I suppose, I mean, it’s been a pretty steady stream of better on better results in the segment until, you mentioned your similar parts earlier, I was just wondering if this sectors into it at all, I know that if maybe you see earnings getting more reliable or visible in the segment?
Joe Gorder: We like the delay at these levels forever. But I think 2012 it was, it would remind us there can be a lot of volatility in this business too. And we’ve looked at this the ethanol plant portfolio and if you look at costs, there just aren’t a whole bunch of them first of all. And it tends to trade at the same multiples as the refining assets trade at. So, there is really not a big significant incentive for whether monetization through try to create additional value. At the same time, I would say that we’re very pleased with the operation of the business. Martin has done a fine job leading it he’s got a very settled team. And the cash flow is being produced by these assets is tremendous. And we feel like having it as part of our core business. And we do believe long-term that ethanol is going to be fundamentally part of the fuel mix instead of having this businesses part of our portfolio makes sense.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Okay. And then, just touching on that as a follow-up and the RFS seemed to be a little bit behind schedule on an update here. It seems like your thesis is quite out based on refining margins, that rings were kind of being pass through. Is that, do you see that as giving momentum into maybe mandate reduction or any kind of movement at all if you can get any update that would be great?
Gary Simmons: I don’t know if we have lot of insight here. I think we feel like it’s going to be after the elections here before we get the new RBO. And it’s so late in the year at this stage that we don’t think it will be potentially different from where we were last year.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Okay, great.
Joe Gorder: It is pretty interesting that we’re here in November we don’t know what the 2014 obligation number is yet.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Interesting is one word for it, yes, I guess.
Joe Gorder: Thank you, Pal.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Okay. Well, thanks a lot guys. Have a good one.
Joe Gorder: Okay, you too.
Operator: Our following question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Hi, good morning everyone.
Joe Gorder: Hi, good morning Paul.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: You’ve covered a lot of ground here with getting to the point of the ethanol MLP. I wanted to ask you a follow-up on that one. Could we just sort of be able to gather a bit here Joe, what concerns I mean, I think we were hoping for quite a significant debt down in CapEx late this year? And what I’m listening to is that you’re competing in a mature market, but you’re still spending on these numbers about doubled your maintenance or stay-in business CapEx, would be remained at being obviously growth CapEx? Can’t we get to a place where you are much more aggressive about cash return to shareholders as the kind of predominant aim? I heard good stuff about you potentially not doing any methanol project but at the same time there seems to be a potential for logistics and to step up, and I would say, to me, this is a CapEx number which is kind of flat next year with this year whereas we were hoping for something that is quite a bit lower? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Okay, Paul, I know this has been your perspective. We look at the capital, okay. We got $1.4 billion or $1.5 billion that we spend on the assets to maintain them the way we want to maintain them. We’ve got the crude unit project which have 25% plus rates of return, and they’re not putting anymore juice in the market per say. They’re optimization projects. We’ve got the opportunity to drop at higher multiples logistics assets. We’re going to continue to invest in those. If you extract the methanol plant $150 million our place holder from the $2.8 billion or $2.65 billion that is well below the $3 billion that we forecasted this year. And we don’t arbitrarily select projects to undertake to outlook if the alternative use for the cash. And so, if we’re deciding to do a capital project, I think we’re very comfortable making our day in sports in sharing what the returns are going to look like on this and why it’s a better alternative to us and repurchasing shares for example. So, I do think that this management team has reduced the capital spend, I think if we look at it going forward with the rigor we have in the process and the thresholds we’re setting for acceptance of the projects, we’re going to see this continue to be at this level. It may continue to decline. But I don’t want to not do projects that improve the operation of the business and have good returns when they are available to us.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Yes, then I guess the plan is really what you’re saying is you have to see European refineries shut down, it will also make room for some of the stuff. And thus, it’s the concern we have there is too much capital going into the business overall that’s kind of dependent on the competitive environment moving into favor?
Joe Gorder: Okay.
Gary Simmons: Paul, keep in mind, our projects are designed principally to reduce feedstock cost. And if we have cheaper crude, we’re going to shut down that’s going to force excess capacity and you have to shut down, so we will become more competitive.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Great. And just my final part of this is, what do you think a competitive return to shareholders is, you’ve got a couple of percent yield. Can you just talk a little bit more about that Joe and I’ll leave it there? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: I’m sorry Paul, real quick you’re talking about is VLP or are you talking about Valero Energy?
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Well, just yes, for example if I own a Valero share, how do you think, what do you think of this being a good return to the shareholder in terms of you saying that you respect full of cash return to shareholders?
Joe Gorder: From a cash perspective or just total?
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Yes, total side. I mean, people obviously prefer regular dividend but I understand that they look at the business makes sense, a tough commitment to discuss?
Joe Gorder: Okay. And I think what we would say is we have a cost of capital, we got a cost of capital there which We haven’t set a target per say, but 10% range, 12% range and it’s certainly going to be the dividend, the share repurchase aspect of it. But we recognize that we’ve got a need to exceed counts of capital on our projects in our business.
Paul Sankey – Wolfe Research: Understood. Thank you very much, Joe.
Operator: Last question comes from Allen Good from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Allen Good – Morningstar: Good morning, don’t worry, I’ll be brief, it’s getting here late. Suncor CEO made some comments last week about shipping medium heavy to Europe and down the U.S. Atlantic Coast and even to a Gulf Coast. Do you think there is a viable alternative long-term to get greater, heavy volumes to the Gulf Coast and could that even be a potentially a source of opportunity for Pembroke at some point?
Joe Gorder: Yes. So, of course for us, I think we feel like there is, better options to get Canadian heavy to the U.S. Gulf Coast and taking it to the East Coast and around. But absence of any of those opportunities moving forward, we definitely see it’s an option to get additional heavy side to the Gulf. And we also see that there is an opportunity to move the Canadian barrels to Pembroke as well.
Allen Good – Morningstar: Great, thanks. And then, could you just give us an update on the projects you have either to weigh or sort of on a planned stages to increase competitiveness of California and get some discount crude out there and just your latest thoughts on your assets out there as well?
Lane Riggs: Allen, this is Lane. That would also we are still working on the Venetian rail project. Our comments her are, we’re working on those, answering all the questions and we sort of expect that to be finished in December. We think permits would be issued in the first quarter. That’s really the – in terms of the strategic capital that we have spending on the West Coast, that’s pretty much it. Everything else would be very careful in our, spend on the West Coast. Because we have obviously great opportunities in our Gulf Coast and our Mid-Continent market on North Eastern capital. So, we’re very careful, we run a very tight shift out there and that’s sort of how we’re managing the West Coast.
Joe Gorder: And then, from a strategic perspective, we think it’s great to have good assets with strong management teams out there that provide us the option to take advantage of the strong market environment we have from time to time out there.
Allen Good – Morningstar: Great. Thanks I appreciate it.
Operator: Okay. We have no further questions at this time, yes sorry.
Joe Gorder: Well, that’s okay. I was just going to say, we appreciate everyone calling in and listening to the call today. If you have additional questions or didn’t get a chance to ask your question, please contact our Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Thank you to all speakers and thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Locke - Executive Director, Investor Relations Joe Gorder - President and CEO Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and CFO Lane Riggs - Executive Vice President, Refining Operations Jay Browning - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Randy Hawkins - Vice President, International Crude Oil Supply and Trading
Analysts: Jeff Dietert - Simmons Paul Cheng - Barclays Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company Blake Fernandez -Howard Weil Faisel Khan - Citigroup Jason Smith - Bank of America Roger Read - Wells Fargo Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Allen Good - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. My name is Sylvia, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to John Locke. John Locke, you may begin.
John Locke: Thank you, Sylvia. Good morning. Welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our CEO and President; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Now, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. As noted in the release, we reported second quarter 2014 earnings from continuing operations of $651 million or $1.22 per share. For all period shown in the table that accompany the earnings release, our results of operations reflect our Aruba Refinery as discontinued operations and we recognize $63 million of charges in the second quarter of 2014 associated with the recording asset retirement and other obligations related to our Aruba Refinery. Second quarter 2014 operating income improved over second quarter 2013 with gains in the refining in ethanol segments partly offset by a decrease in the retail segment due to the spin-off CST brand in May 2013. The refine segment throughput margin in the second quarter of 2014 was $9.84 per barrel, which is an increase of $0.58 per barrel versus the second quarter of 2013. Decreases in gasoline and distillate margins relative to Brent in most regions and narrower WTI discounts in the Mid-Continent relevant -- relative to Brent were more than offset by wider discounts on light sweet medium sour and heavy crude oil in the Gulf Coast. Also contributing to the higher throughput margin was our Quebec City refinery’s increased consumption of North American light crude in the second quarter. North American grades composed 83% of the refinery’s feedstock diet, up from 45% in the first quarter of 2014 and up from 8% in the second quarter of 2013. Additionally, at our St. Charles refinery we have began processing Canadian bitumen by our new crude-by-rail unloading facility. The U.S. crude supply landscape continue to transition in the second quarter with oil stock shifting from the Mid-Continent to the Gulf Coast, the inventory reduction in Cushing and corresponding oil supply growth in the Gulf Coast led to a $2.49 per barrel decline in the WTI discount to Brent and $5.19 per barrel increase in the LLS discount to Brent compared to the second quarter of 2013. Gulf Coast sour crude oil differentials to Brent also widened over the same time period due to increase in supply of crude oil. The discounts for Mars and Maya relative to Brent increased by $4.69 per barrel and $8.49 per barrel, respectively. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.7 million barrels per day in the second quarter of 2014, which is an increase of 115,000 barrels per day versus the second quarter of 2013. Less turnaround activity and higher utilization rates spurred by the increase availability of discounted North American light crude in the Gulf Coast led to the increase in refining throughput volumes. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2014 were $3.90 per barrel, which is $0.07 per barrel greater than the second quarter of 2013, due mainly to higher energy costs. The ethanol segment generated $187 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2014 versus $95 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2013. The increase in operating income was mainly due to a $0.39 per gallon increase gross margin which was driven by lower corn prices on an abundant corn crop and low industry ethanol inventories at the start of the quarter. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.3 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2014, which were lower than the second quarter of 2013 due to production slowdown caused by lingering rail congestion in the Mid-Continent. Now looking at the third quarter for ethanol, we expect volumes to increase with the startup of our recently acquired plan in Mount Vernon, Indiana, given the favorable ethanol margin environment we look forward to this plant’s contributions. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $170 million in the second quarter of 2014. Net interest expense was $98 million and total depreciation and amortization expense was $414 million. The effective tax rate was 34.3%. Now with respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $6.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $3.5 billion of which $382 million was held by Valero Energy Partners. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 14.1% excluding cash held by Valero Energy Partners. Valero had approximately $5.8 billion and Valero Energy Partners had $300 million of available liquidity in addition to cash. Cash flows in the second quarter included $806 million of capital expenditures of which $240 million was for turnarounds and catalyst. We also repaid $200 million of debt that matured in April. In the second quarter we return $361 million in cash to our shareholders, which included $133 million in dividend payments and $228 million in purchasing of approximately $4 million shares of Valero common stock. Subsequent to the second quarter, we continue to return cash to stockholders by purchasing an additional 2.0 million share of common stock for $104 million. We also increased our regular quarterly dividend for the third of 2014 by $2.05 per share to $27.05 per share or $1.10 per share annualized. Also in the second quarter we announced the sale of the McKee crude system, the Three Rivers crude system and the Wynnewood Products system to Valero Energy Partners for $154 million. This transaction closed on July 1st and as an example of executing our strategy to create stockholder value to Valero Energy Partners. For 2014, we maintained our guidance for capital expenditures including turnarounds and catalyst at approximately $3 billion. We expect stay-in business capital to account for slightly under 50% of total spending and for the reminder to be allocated to strategic growth investments, primarily for logistics and advantage crude oil processing capability. I should add that approximately $870 million of Valero’s estimated strategic capital spent for 2014 is all logistics and most of this is expected to be eligible for dropdown into Valero Energy Partners. Now for modeling, our third quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges, Gulf Coast at 1.45 million to 1.55 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 430,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 260,000 to 280,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be around $4 per barrel. For our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.6 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense excluding depreciation for the third quarter to be around $165 million and net interest expense should be about $95 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the third quarter should be approximately $420 million and our effective tax rate should be around 35%. Okay. So we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we’ll open the call to questions. During the segment we request that our callers limit each turn to two questions. They may rejoin the queue with additional questions after that.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Good morning.
John Locke: Good morning, Jeff
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Jeff
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: I was hoping to hit on capital spending? You stand consistent with your $3 billion forecast for 2014. I was curious as you look forward continues to be an opportunity rich environment in your view more light processing, more logistics, perhaps on the logistics side do you see that as a steady trend or trend that accelerating as far as logistics investment opportunities? 
Joe Gorder: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. This is Joe. Yeah. I’d say you raise a very good point. I mean, if you look at it broadly, we are going to maintain a very balanced approach with the use of cash returning it to shareholders via the dividends and buybacks. And then, investing to maintain the quality assets, which is, just a core part of our capital programs and then we are also investing to take advantages, natural resources advantage were enjoyed. Relative to the investment in logistics asset, I think what you would see now is a bit of shift in capital -- in the strategic capital from -- for example, we shift some of the spending for the purposed methanol plant for 2015 and we move the crude by rail facility up into 2014. So as the percentage, I think, that we have now is 54% of our strategy capital now is focused on logistics, where as previously, Jeff, is in the 40s. So the point that you make is one that we clearly agree with and recognize and so we’ve seen a shift in that capital.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Secondly, could you talk a little bit about your historical capital investment and what types of returns you’re seeing so far from some of those investment, maybe hit on the hydrocracker investments at Port Arthur and St. Charles? What kind of returns are you seeing there based on their performance to date?
Joe Gorder: Jay, go ahead.
Jay Browning: Long time, yeah.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Jeff, I’ll tell you what, you asked a question and I think you recognized that it’s very difficult to look at unit within the refining complex and determine specifically what’s the return to that is, because of all the interrelationship in the plant. I think we’ve said in the past and we would continue to say that the hydrocracker project were very good investments. Project -- the units are running very well and Lane can speak to that and the projects that we are getting out of units are good, high-quality diesel fuel that we are able to export as EN 590 grades versus a conventional diesel fuel. So, although, I don’t have a specific return on hydrocracker project per se for you, I’ll tell you we are pleased with the investment. We think they have improved the quality of the portfolio and they are performing very well.
Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane. They’ve averaged 120,000 combine units averaged 120,000 barrels in the second quarter. They’ve definitely earned very well. These are great units. We are currently in the process of performing a test run at our St. Charles Refinery. It’s I don’t want to. I would be careful not to say what they are, where we are on that. But it certainly allows us to look at a very limited opportunistic capital investment. Those units are really bring them up to essentially all about the equipment and the sizes. But they’ve ramped fantastically in the second quarter.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Thanks, guys.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And your next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Hey, guys. Two questions, Joe, I joined a little bit late, maybe you already covered it. Do you have a preliminary CapEx outlook for 2015 and ‘16?
Joe Gorder: Yeah. No, Paul, we don’t and I’ll tell what, what we are doing right now is we are going through the strategic planning process here at Valero and part of that, obviously, is the review of any kind of growth project we might be looking forward to in the 2015, in addition to what we got base loaded. We are spending $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion a year on maintenance reliability turnaround. So, that is going to continue and be fundamentally part of what we’re doing. But we haven’t settled in on the projects, the growth projects we want to carry forward those and we continue to pursue the crude units, we continue to look at the methanol plant. And then as you would expect there is host of logistic projects that we are evaluating. But we haven’t settled in on the number, yet.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Do you have settled into a direction at least this year is three, are we talking about -- from a direction standpoint flat, up or down?
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Paul, it won’t be up.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Okay. The second question that, do you have an estimated downtime cost in the second quarter in terms of the actual incremental cost and also that if you can give it, if you have it, would be helpful that for two number, one is the actual incremental cost and the second one is the opportunity cost that you lost?
Lane Riggs: Hi Paul. This is Lane. So our unscheduled downtime cost in the second quarter was $103 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: $103 million. And that’s pretax or after-tax earning?
Lane Riggs: That’s really EBITDA.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: And you say, that’s opportunity cost or it’s actual cost? I’m sorry.
Lane Riggs: That is what we would call our volume variance which is if the units would’ve performed the way we had planned than they would have generated another $103 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Right. So that’s the opportunity cost?
Lane Riggs: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: And how about actual incremental cost. Because I presume that you probably have some because of all the downtime, you have some additional maintenance cost and all that…
Lane Riggs: Yeah. I’m not -- it’s really that's embedded inside our performance. We’d have to get back with you on that exact number.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Okay. Will do. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Hi. Good morning everybody.
Joe Gorder: Good morning Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Guys, your throughputs in the quarter beat your guidance in every region. And you've effectively raised your guidance for 3Q to be more in-line with the better performance in Q2. Could you talk a little bit more about the dynamics of how you're coming in so much higher? Really, within weeks and months of having set the guidance, you're coming in about 10% plus higher, in terms of throughputs. Could you just talk a bit more about, firstly, the technicalities of that? Secondly, the implications? And thirdly, where we might go, given the CapEx you've highlighted this year for presenting yet more light sweet? Thanks.
Ashley Smith: Okay. So Paul, this is Ashley. On actual runs, throughput runs versus guidance, guidance is -- it’s a conservative estimate based on planned downtime and turn around, things like that. And I think what you can do is run some -- get some throughput. It might be lower margin throughput because you’re buying higher-price intermediates or other feedstocks to keep downstream units going. Generally that’s where you’re going to see delta.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: So, it's not a function of you running more light sweet and, therefore, pushing more crude through the refineries?
Ashley Smith: No. I think we generally planned to run the amount of lights that we expected. It more has to do with planned downtime.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Okay. So actually, what you're pretty clearly saying is, the better performance is simply due to a conservative guidance that you beat?
Ashley Smith: Because of relatively heavy planned turnaround activity.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Right. The final part of my question was, does your current CapEx program expand the capacity or is it a shift mix entirely?
Joe Gorder: Paul, we’ll let Lane talk about the crude units and what the impact will be.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Paul, this is Lane Riggs. So again we have our two announced crude units, one at Corpus Christi and one at Houston with the combined capacity of incremental suite capability of about around 160,000 barrels a day. And then we’ll finish McKee which is an incremental 25 a day next year. Those are really the planned expansion on light sweet product capability. So with that said, we still are learning limits of our system on how much light sweet crude we can run, particularly on a Gulf Coast where it’s available. And we’re not really -- we still optimize those crude into our system versus our alternative medium sour, heavy sour, Canadian heavy and all these other. So we still have -- we can feel optimize and run more if the economics signals are there.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: The final part of this whole question is for me to ask you, in the past, you said that you need a 10% light heavy differential to run a (indiscernible) I think, was the guidance. Do you have a sense the -- you talked about the sensitivities. Can you give us a sense for what the price differentials need to be to be running, more or less? Yeah, on lights, on lights?
Lane Riggs: So you are saying -- Paul, this is Lane. So you are saying that we’ve given guidance in the past that we need a light heavy differential of 10% versus….
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Yes. Kind of a rule of thumb for what causes you to run more light sweet in a mix against, for example, a medium sour.
Joe Gorder: To back out heavy and run.
Lane Riggs: Yeah, back out heavy and run sweet. It’s probably fair somewhere in that number. Today we definitely have incentive to run all three et cetera. And they all have slightly a pretty similar margins into our crude capacity and/or into an open (indiscernible). So I think today, if you would look at, they are very reflective of what these -- what the relative values in refineries are.
Joe Gorder: 13% off of rig. Right, so it’s in that general range. It still would trickle to run the heavy solid crudes versus pushing more light sweet into the plant.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research: Okay, guys. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Cowen & Company.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: Good morning. I'll just touch on the condensate export issue. It seems like it's come into flux a little bit over the past couple days. I was wondering, as we await the BIS public guidance, as far as what the requirements will be in processing, if you have identified any opportunities at Corpus Christi, maybe either on the midstream side or sourced at the VLO level for that kind of processing capacity? Where you can kind of lean into some regulatory shifts that might nominally work against you but with VLP, could actually become the revenue margin driver over time?
Joe Gorder: Well, Sam, we look at these projects all the time. Right now, we don’t have a condensate splitter project on the board. We’re very focused on the two crude units that we talked about and really nothing beyond that at this point in time.
Lane Riggs: So Sam, this is Lane. I’ll follow-up a little bit. The two crude units that we have designed, have a designed API gravity of 50. So these two crude units are fairly long although we would say the equipment is necessary to run a pretty light diet. We could run condensate and this is going to be a matter of again, what the economic signals and how distressed it is. In our economics, we had LLS and Brent parity. And we had to export naphtha out of U.S. Gulf Coast close to Far East. So that stream whether it’s condensate, it’s naphtha, whatever form it takes, it’s got to find the market whether it’s western Europe or the Far East, that sort of -- the value of naphtha is in the value of these condensates. It’s still -- it will be interesting to see how that goes.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: Okay. Even if they are taking up to 50, they'll still produce some BGO for the hydrocrackers and some of the other downstream units too?
Lane Riggs: Yes, it’s not as much, right, because it’s lighter.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: Okay.
Lane Riggs: And that will be included in our economic because our alternative would be the intermediate to fill out of conversion units.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: Okay, thanks. And I just wanted to touch on differentials in the Gulf, too. There has been a lot of volatility. I think last year when LLS spiked to that Brent premium briefly in July and August, you guys had highlighted the fact that some barrels were coming in on Longhorn offspec and the spot market for LLS and in Houston got very tight because of that. Is there any single piece of infrastructure development that we can be mindful of here over the last couple of weeks, aside from just very high utilization in the Gulf, maybe the delay in BridgeTex or something of that nature that might explain that LLS pop a couple of weeks ago?
Joe Gorder: Sam, this is Joe. Randy Hawkins is with us reporting and Randy is our Senior Vice President of Crude and Feedstocks Supply and he will be able to answer that for you.
Randy Hawkins: I think you touched on it already -- the high utilization rate that kind of led to some of the spike that we saw in LLS at the end of the August trade month. But I think you hit on the nose. The thing that we are looking ahead is the BridgeTex startup that we are anticipating at sometime late Q3 that will bring some of this distressed midland type barrels to the Gulf Coast that should help to provide some of the barrels that the Gulf Coast needs.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: Okay, great. I think it's delayed, right? Is there some planned barrels or something that people are missing, and sort of a spot market issue, maybe?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I mean, I think there were some -- maybe some people that were anticipating BridgeTex being a bit earlier and I think overall the high run rate, people were just a bit short and falling inventories as well led to that.
Sam Margolin - Cowen & Company: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez -Howard Weil: Guys good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I had two for you. One bigger picture and one more specific. But the big picture, Joe, as you kind of transition into your new role, I'm just curious if there is any low-hanging fruit or any strategic shifts that you see on the radar screen that you really want to address out of the gate?
Joe Gorder: Blake, good morning. I mean that’s a fair question but quite honestly I think that this management team that’s in the room today has been working with Bill for a long time and the plans that we put in place are plans that we are all very comfortable with. And so if you look at what we have got on the burner with the crude units and the logistics investment and then you look at some of the projects that are being contemplated like the methanol plan. These are all projects. This team feels pretty good about and that we are continuing to advance the conversations around. So from an investment perspective there isn’t. From a use of cash perspective, we have maintained for sometime now that we are going to try to maintain a balanced program between investment and capital projects for growth and return of cash to shareholders. And I think we are going to continue to do that. I mean very clearly the fact now that we have had our second dividend increase this year which support the fact that we are permitted to increasing the cash returns to shareholders. And then today we bought back about 10.4 million shares and we will continue to do that throughout the year as cash flow is available to do it. So I would say there is no major shifts right now. The ox cart is not in the ditch. And as I mentioned earlier we are going through the process of pulling together our strategic plan for the next several years including and that will be capital plan. So I think we are in a pretty good position.
Blake Fernandez -Howard Weil: All right. That’s great. The second question, I hope this is one question, but you runs up at Quebec of North America crude hit at 83%. I was hoping if you can give us a breakdown of how much of that has been barge from Gulf Coast and how much is actually tied I guess from Canada? And then I guess similarly on the rail to St Charles, just trying to understand should we be thinking about the economics on that as far as once you pay for transport. Is that kind of competitive with Maya or even more competitive just kind of some general feel about how we should be thinking about the margin impact there? Thanks.
Randy Hawkins: Blake, this is Randy Hawkins again. At Quebec the split of our North American crude was around 58 days by rail and about 1 00 a day shifts from the US Gulf Coast and two Quebec. Could you repeat the question on the Canadian?
Blake Fernandez -Howard Weil: Yes. Basically it looks like you started railing bitumen into St. Charles and I guess that is kind of view that as competing maybe with Maya and I didn’t know by the time you pay for transport to rail it down from Canada if we should be viewing that as if more competitive. In other words, discounted to which you could access Maya at or at par?
Randy Hawkins: Yes, I would say that we’re railing from Canada would be on par or better than Maya. The volumes for Q2 are fairly small. We anticipate this increase as we move into Q3.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake the refinery was moving turn around in the internally around in second quarter, so we aren’t going to see the impact of any of those that bitumen movement until the third quarter.
Blake Fernandez -Howard Weil: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning, it’s Faisel from Citi. Just had a question to follow-up on Blake's question on Canadian heavy. So I guess with the rail capacity at St. Charles and even some of your other facilities, and then with the connection to Keystone from Port Arthur, how much Canadian heavy do you guys envision having the ability to access by the end of the year? And then how are you thinking of that, versus your term contracts with PEMEX. Is there flexibility? Just sort of arbitrage those barrels between each other?
Randy Hawkins: Sure. Faisel, this is Randy Hawkins again. On our Canadian volume, we do anticipate with our rail facility in Lucas coming up later in the year that we will increase the amount of rail that we are taking into our production facility. We also buy regularly Canadian heavy after the pipeline systems coming out of cushion as well. So right now we don’t anticipate that impacting our volumes with Mexico and it more is backing out some of the spot heavy that we are doing elsewhere from around the region.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And just how much sort of capacity for Canadian heavy do you think you guys will have the ability to sort of run by the end of the period what always pipelihe and real capacity?
Joe Gorder: I think for now we are limited logistics more so than we find the configuration .
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, fair enough. And just my question it’s on the changes in the rail regulations, have you see from the DoT and also the Canadian regulators. Is that going to have any impact of sort of the volumes you guys are moving around your system by rail?
Joe Gorder: Faisel, I think we are all waiting to see what those regulations settling in at and if you look at the things that are being proposed with the shell thickness in the (indiscernible) protection systems, the breaking systems. There is going to be a lot of retrofitting activity and modifications to already planned cars that has to take place and frankly the fleet, the rail fleet is in service today, it’s very large and depending on the timeline for retrofit, it’s going to have an affect on rail movement just in general. So we don’t have a good estimate as to what the overall impact is going to be. We are in the process of working this year or so specifically working with ASP and formulating response to DOT and to transport Canada’s proposal, but its probably just a little bit early for us to give you any idea as to what the impact might be.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Understood. Thanks. I’ll get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Hey, guys. It's actually Jason Smith, on for Doug. If we could touch on throughput from the product side. With you guys and industry seemingly running at a higher overall level and in the release, I think you highlighted product prices versus Brent. Can you talk about what the implications of a self-sufficient U.S. system are, particularly on gasoline, where I think we're exporting as much as we're importing, at this point?
Joe Gorder: All right. So we’re kind of looking at each other, trying to figure out exactly what it is you that you’re trying to understand. Are you saying, at what utilization rates do we satisfy U.S. demand?
Jason Smith - Bank of America: No. I'm trying to say, I mean, we've basically seen, we've talked about product prices, pricing off Brent. But is there -- as we become more self-sufficient on the gasoline side, is there risk? Do we potentially price off of LLS?
Joe Gorder: I see.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: How do you see that playing out? We're producing 9.5 million a day of gasoline today. We're exporting as much as we're importing. 
Joe Gorder: Right. That’s an interesting question. Why don’t we let -- Scott Lively is with us today and he is our Senior Vice President of Products, Supply and Trading. Maybe he can just give you some thoughts on that.
Scott Lively: Hey Doug, how are you doing?
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Good.
Scott Lively: I guess, the way that I think about it, I don’t think about necessarily what price products have to price off of as a feedstock. I just think, you’ve got prices that are around the globe and we have to compete. And so barrels either arb into those markets or did not arb into those markets. And so you can say, we priced against Brent or we priced against something else. Well, we’re running a lot more WTI based crudes in the Gulf Coast. So that region sees more of a WTI like margin whereas, something on the East Coast of New York refinery say, might price more against West African, Canadian that moves eastward. So I think you’re going to see pockets, the differentiation based on what crude types people run. But I don’t get it but I necessarily think about the way that you’re trying to describe with pricing against brand specifically or WTI specifically.
Joe Gorder: We do talk about the incremental barrel into a refiner being a light sweet water borne barrel, which should be kind of a Brent type barrel, as long as that’s the incremental barrel, you’re going to be pricing products off of Brent.
Scott Lively: You have to get rid of all the gasoline production in those marginal refineries, which -- that’s a lot of European and African and South American refineries. Those would have to be backed down, shut down before your price in the marginal barrel off of LLS or WTI and that significant amount, so those are the price pattern. Yes, you going to have times where U.S., low quality gasoline in the winter going to trade cheaper than it does in summer, you always have seasonality. But the marginal barrel is still going to be pricing out of the U.S. that’s going to set the prices.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Got it. How is the shift to a lighter crude slate and how is that impacting your gasoline yield? Are you seeing more gasoline out of that crude, at this point? 
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane. And now we’re pretty much still running, making almost within the noise of our systems, the same amount of gasoline that we were. And because of flexibility in the system and how we can change in points, whether we made naphtha or gasoline or just a lot of optimization points that we still have.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Got it. My follow-up is on the West Coast. One of your peers recently announced a petrochem feedstock project. Are there any opportunities for projects like that within your portfolio? And also, if you could, maybe, give us an update on the Benicia rail project and where that stands right now?
Lane Riggs: Okay. This is Lane again, all start with the Benicia rail project. It’s currently in the -- DEIR is out during the comment period, we close on that. The comment period will close September 15. We’re still confident that we will get a permit, of course we’ll hope -- we'll, certainly along the city of Benicia will help to help answer all the question that come out of DEIR. On the first point, we are looking at a lot of projects to the ones that you’re talking about. And I think we’re fairly skeptical. It would be tough to get permits. I think at the end of day, we take a while to build the project and get permit push through with quite an effort, as you can see with the crude-by-rail project on the West Coast.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: And then next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Hello, Good morning.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Roger.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Well, I guess, I wanted to ask a little bit about the export market, what you see for volumes as we head into the fourth quarter. Traditionally, the strongest part of the year. And if you could give us a recap of what you've seen in the diesel market year-to-date. If we looked at where the futures were a year ago versus what we realized, margins came in a lot lower and I'm just speaking from a general or generic term. Can you kind of walk us through what you are seeing out there in the diesel market, both domestically and on the export side? And whether or not that has any particular concerns, as we look to the end of the year?
Scott Lively: Hi, Roger. This is Scott again. Over the quarter, we exported 210 a day of diesel and I would say, that’s pretty flat with where we were on 1Q. We still see continued global demand growth in that fuel. So we feel pretty positive about our ability to export number one and having those markets to export into number two. You did have a little bit of hangover effect of the mild winter that Europe had, which really, particularly kept German stocks from drawing down. But those stocks are coming back more in line and those guys look like they are going to need to be building going into the winter. So we fully expected these export rates that we’ve had to continue out in the 3Q and 4Q.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then, something that got beat up on last year. We keep waiting for the EPA to give us the official numbers. Can you give us an idea of what you're seeing in the RINs market? We all know where the prices are. But what you've been doing about buying RINs, what your plans are if they make changes, presumably, an upwards revision to the ethanol and other biofuel requirements, as has been rumored in the press. As we, maybe, get something next month. Certainly hope to see something by the October, November period?
Scott Lively: Well, we do of course, keep our eye on the markets and we are participants. I think it probably put me at a competitive disadvantage if I said exactly what we were doing and what I planned on doing if we got an idea that they were actually going to raise too or above the blend wall as Podesta and potentially, Gina MacCarthy have alluded to. I think we just have to sit back just like everyone else and wait for them to come out with the final decision on what the obligation is gong to be. And hopefully at sooner rather than later because obviously as the time horizon shrinks that shrinks the time horizon for you to be able to go out there and procure the RINs that you’re obligated to in arrears.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. I think the one thing that we do have going right now though is that there is probably as much ethanol being blended into the gasoline fuel. This could possibly be blended and as a result supply of RIN is there. So the economics are supporting it and the ethanol market in general, this is favorable to blend.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Right. Unfortunately, it's not always an economic driven story, where RINs are concerned and ethanol. I guess, one final question, just as a follow-up on that. Have we heard anything about 2015 volumes or adjustments or any of that or is the expectation that, that may come out with the revised ‘14 numbers?
Joe Gorder: I think that’s what their expectation is, is that it comes out it would be interesting to have ‘14s and ‘15s come out. Well, it would be interesting to have ‘15 come out in ’14. I wouldn’t think that there hasn’t been our past practice, but I don’t think there is anything that we’ve heard to a great that’s given us any indication of what ’15 might be.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo: Okay. That’s it for me. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yeah, good morning everyone. Just on I guess a bigger picture, strategic question, $1.5 billion of growth CapEx, of which around 50% going into logistics. You've got VLP out there, $2.6 billion. So it's a relatively small MLP, but Valero's market cap has got a currency of its own. And obviously, you can drop down assets into VLP over time. Just get a sense of the color of how big you see the organic suite of opportunities in logistics. And then maybe even, any comments on using your equity to be more assertive, perhaps, in the inorganic M&A space?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Well, I think, we stated before that we Valero Energy have about $800 million of EBITDA that could be dropped to VLP. So, it’s a very significant number. We completed the first drop here at the beginning of the third quarter on July 1, I think it was -- and that was about $154 million transaction. And I think it’s fair to expect that we are working the subsequent drop transaction as we go forward. I think we recognized very clearly the value of interrelationships of the two entities and the multiple pickup we get when we drop Valero Energy down to VLP. We have a lot of projects as you mentioned that are in our current growth capital that we are working on which will be assets that would add to the base of assets that can be dropped. So really the question is that we are working through is the pace and the timing on those. And we said we are going to grow VLPs distribution to 20-plus percent a year. We still are intending to do that. And so our drop schedule at a minimum would be able to accommodate that growth rate.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: It just seems like there's a large opportunity for companies in your space who have the skills to be very large and successful infrastructure companies, against the shell revolution to continue to shift assertively into that direction, given the relative multiples. So appreciate you might be going through the planning process now. But any thoughts about the direction you want to take the company?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I think we’re looking at host of different logistics project that are in development and will allow us to take advantage of what you've described. There’s great opportunity with the shale plays. But I don’t have anything specifically share with you right now 
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then, maybe a question for runs, just on crude. Obviously, LLS spiked last year, and then LLS collapsed in the fourth quarter. The spike is, let's hope its history. And let's focus on the future, where we could see, perhaps, a repeat of what we saw the fourth quarter. A couple of things seemed to happen last year. Obviously, we built gasoline for a hurricane that didn't happen. There were lots of imports during the period. There was a rapid rise in inventories, seasonally. And you folks and others in the industry were trying to reduced inventories for the usual year-end planning purposes. So I'm just, sort of, the question. You mentioned BridgeTex earlier. But is there anything different that you see happening this year or do think this is sort of a new seasonality that's going to set in for the Gulf Coast crude prices? 
Joe Gorder: Yeah, thanks for that. I think the biggest difference that I see, is that crude runs are so much higher than what they’ve been as of late which we go through some regional turnarounds that we head into Q3 or so. My thoughts is that this thing will get back to normal. As we’re seeing September contract trade today and we’ve seen LLS back down $2 to $3 under Brent and last year $7 under Brent. So things are starting to look normalize.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes. And then, maybe, one tiny follow-on. Obviously, in winter, there's a difficulty pushing gasoline into the U.S. market and so you try and export the product into other markets. How are we, in terms of the ability for you to say, maintenance aside, run at a higher utilization than you would have done in the past? Because of the ability to export more product and out-compete other refineries around the world? Any color, there?
Scott Lively: This is Scott again. As you know that those gasoline exports are seasonal. So we do export less in 2Q and tend to export more in 3Q and 4Q especially we have more availability in butane works itself back into the pool. I think that we’re going to cost advantaged. And we do see plenty of opportunities with growth and market in Central, South and Central America, South America and in Mexico we still see put in opportunity to put barrels out in those regions. So we still pretty good about our positions to export and keep refinery rates high in our system as result of those exports.
Joe Gorder: We are up on it. One last thing I’ll add was Scott has said to your point, U.S. Gulf Coast capacity is most competitive capacity in the world. So if there we can save any market, we have low natural gas front. We are (indiscernible) and we’re well positioned to maintain our assets. High utilization is we can find. We’re not really up against any export logistic per se. So we don’t really see being (indiscernible).
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Thank you 
Operator:  And the next question comes form Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning, guys. Maybe a more specific follow-up on next question. I know you are not providing 2015 CapEx guidance at this point. It was asked and answered yet. Given you had the MLP and given midstream spending as a increase percentage of CapEx, how do MLP dropdown relate to your consideration of CapEx, and it would appear to me that they are direct offset and distributable -- potential distributable cash flows and I have follow-up? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Well, I mean, that’s a million dollar question right there. In the subsequent question that is, at what point in time do we start doing this logistics projects in VLP itself and not at Valero Energy for dropdown? We have a lot of good projects that we are looking and what we are trying to understand is whole notion around, if you would look at gross capital or net capital number to be quite honestly, yes. We have a very good feel for I believe what we are going to be spending on refining side of the business that the wildcard here is, how much do we spend on the logistics side. So, I know you love to have a number and there will be a point when we give it you but I am just not prepared to share today.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: What would, let me ask you a question when you are evaluating midstream projects and what ultimately goes into the EBITDA that you characterize as MLP EBITDA. I mean, do you consider the relative cap rate versus the MLP drop rate in the overall calculation of the IRR. For instance the rate different and more color there, I think, would help us, I am just curious that’s an element of your evaluation of what to proceed on?
Joe Gorder: Yeah. I believe it is.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Maybe lastly, then, for me, any update on the timing, we're keeping a midstream focus here, but any update on the timing of potential methanol facility decision and given Westlake Chemical Partners MLP IPO that uses a fixed-rate structure versus variable and is, I think it's up 25% this morning, well through the range? How does a structure like that factor into that project consideration, which I know is under review and I'll leave it at that? Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Well, honestly, you know, we mentioned earlier that we continue to take a look at the project and we are advancing engineering. Lane and his team are trying to get our arms around exactly, what the scope of the project is. And again, yet, to look at the transaction you mentioned to know the impact of it, so we will take a look and then perhaps we can look back with you and have actually involve and John.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Locke: Specific we are in Phase II. We are doing all those sort of engineering to major equipment so we can nail down the cost estimate. How that we view in the fourth quarter. So that’s where we’re in the process.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Okay. And that's the process prior to -- it's going to reach an FID. Is that accurate?
Joe Gorder: It’s the process, I’m sorry, can you say that again?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I'm sorry. Is that the step -- after that phase is complete, is that when you then decide whether or not to go to a final investment decision?
Joe Gorder: That phase we’ll make a decision whether we feel so good about that we’ll go ahead and order all the equipment, which would expedite the project. That’s really the critical decision that we’ve taken.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Great. All right, guys. Appreciate the information. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Allen Good from Morningstar.
Allen Good - Morningstar: Good morning, everyone. I want to try to come back to the export question and, maybe, get your longer-term outlook. There seems to be a lot of changes underfoot there, with a lot of the refining capacity additions in Asia and the Middle East, potential improvement in European competitiveness given exports of, maybe, heavy crude over there, maybe even light crude. I think you have a bunch of peers increasing exports as well. So could you just talk about your long-term outlook there and how you think the export market for U.S. refineries and Valero, particularly, will develop?
Scott Lively: Allen, this is Scott again. I think that we were a bit ahead of the curve versus Europe of course on running those price advantaged crudes. So depending upon how long that takes to work its way and you can still see more closures in Europe. And clearly, Europe’s kind of at a pinchpoint between the United States -- and mostly U.S. and Russia. Like I said before, I steel feel pretty good about our ability to export into these markets. A lot was made about Jubail coming on line. So far, you can see a sprinkling of cargos go here and there. But so far, what we’ve seen is those cargos from Jubail have mostly gone into internal demand and stayed on the east coast of Africa. So sure, going forward, there is more refineries, they are going to come online and by way of China, there is going to be more capacity in U.S. but you should see that tempered with refinery closure especially those ones that are marginal. And as we said before, we still see the prospect of world demand growth for diesel.
Allen Good - Morningstar: Okay. Switching to the condensate export question, just looking at your recent investment presentation. And you have some notes in there saying that at the end of the day, less condensates in the crude stream could ultimately be beneficial for Valero, given some of the utilization rates and yields. Have you been able to quantify, exactly, what the loss on utilization or yields may have been over the past couple of years, as those crude streams did get lighter with additional condensates?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I don’t know -- I'm not sure, I can give you exactly the loss. It hasn’t been large but what we do, we’re very careful in terms of how we articulate the quality of those suppliers. We have deducts and we can’t give you numbers but we have standard deductions with API gravity goes up. We try to offset any sort of financial penalties we might have. But as refiners, we personally would like to see the condensate out of the blended crude. We’re not but that’s going to take a considerable infrastructure buildout to try to get condensate in whatever locations pushed to back in half. And so we’re not necessarily opposed to condensate being segregated to other crude strengths. But today, we don’t have. We haven’t had any real major constraints based on these gravities that we certainly have. The way we purchase our crude, we certainly attempt to offset it.
Allen Good - Morningstar: And just a follow-up from the earlier comment regarding that, you’re not interested in making any of those investments that would be separated too?
Joe Gorder: Well, again, our two crude units had a capacity there we provide them for 50 API. We can certainly run them at slightly reduced capacity. We can run even more. I think, the way we best -- the way we do things, we’ll compare condensate and versus our alternative crude economic and that will determine how much we’re going to run. I think what I was trying to talk earlier was I think, the industry and everybody making it stream, its going to have to try the market. That was the like condensate, whether it’s slightly altered condensate, process condensate, new condensate, I’m not sure. That’s I have to plan at own somewhere. Our assessment was it’s going to be the Far East. But we will certainly our best relationship with condensate and crude oil is this becomes more available.
Allen Good - Morningstar: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Faisel Kahn from Citigroup.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Yeah. Hi, guys. Just a couple of small questions. First one, with the Cushing inventory, sort of, reaching bottom, is there any impact to McKee and Ardmore for you guys or do you have sort of enough inventory within the refining gate to, basically, not be impacted by lower inventories at Cushing?
Randy Hawkins: Faisal, this is Randy again. The key specifically it’s mostly a Midland market which is with crude oil at the moment. And similarly, Ardmore also takes some barrel out of that market as well. So we’ve really not seen any impact on supply of the source barrels.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Is it fair to say that, because of where production is, that you just don't need the inventory levels? Because you've got enough growth in production to offset sort of the balancing impact of having storage in place in previous years?
Randy Hawkins: Yeah. I think definitely to market goals are backward aided so there is no incentive for people to hold barrel there.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. Last question on -- actually two more questions. On the Corpus Christi dock, could that dock be used for condensate exports? Have you guys looked at that?
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Riggs. We looked at that and they could be use for condensate.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. The last question is on getting barrels into Louisiana from Houston. Are you guys having any issues, or are you pretty much able to get as much crude from the western side of Houston into Louisiana? Any sort of constraints that you guys are seeing?
Randy Hawkins: No. This is Randy get in. No real constraint. I mean, it moving to your pipe on that Ho-Ho and barging and shipped in through Louisville. All that does satisfy and the rail is continuing to come down as well from the Bakken. So (Indiscernible) is well supplied. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate the time.
Randy Hawkins: Sure.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Faisel. Thanks, Sylvia. I think with that we appreciate everyone calling in and those listening to our call today. If you have additional questions, please contact our IR department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ashley M. Smith – Vice President-Investor Relations William R. Klesse – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Joseph W. Gorder – President & Chief Operating Officer R. Lane Riggs – Senior Vice President-Refining Operations Michael S. Ciskowski – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Gary Simmons – Vice President-Crude, Feedstock, Supply & Trading 
Analysts:  Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc. Cory J. Garcia – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.  
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2014 First Quarter Results. My name is Bakiba and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith. Mr. Ashley Smith, you may begin.
Ashley M. Smith:  Thank you, Bakiba. Good morning, welcome to our call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO, who will step down from the CEO position this Thursday; Joe Gorder, President and COO, who will become the CEO this Thursday; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. Now, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. As noted in the release, we reported first quarter 2014 earnings of $828 million, or $1.54 per share. First quarter 2014 operating income improved over first quarter 2013, with gains in the refining and ethanol segments partly offset by a decrease in our former retail segment due to the spinoff of CST Brands in May 2013. The refining segment throughput margin in the first quarter of 2014 was $10.90 per barrel, which is an increase of $0.31 per barrel versus the first quarter of 2013. Decreases in gasoline and distillate margins in most regions and WTI discounts in the Mid-Continent relative to Brent were more than offset by increases in light sweet and sour crude oil discounts in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Also contributing to the higher throughput margin was our Quebec City refinery’s increased consumption of cost-advantaged North American crude’s in the first quarter. North American grades comprised 45% of the refinery’s feedstock diet, up from 28% in the fourth quarter of 2013 and zero in the first quarter of 2013. This shows execution of our strategy to process more volumes of cost-advantaged North American crude. For color on crude pricing, the shifting of U.S. Mid-Continent crude supplies from Cushing to the U.S. Gulf Coast as pipeline flow rates ramped up in the first quarter drove WTI discounts versus Brent to narrow by $9.15 per barrel, while LLS discounts to Brent widened by $5.39 per barrel as crude inventories built in the U.S. Gulf Coast between the first quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. Gulf Coast sour crude oil differentials to Brent also widened from the first quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014 in response to the increasing supply of light sweet crude. The discounts for Mars and Maya relative to Brent increased by $4.10 per barrel and $8.76 per barrel, respectively. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.7 million barrels per day in the first quarter of 2014, which is an increase of 135,000 barrels per day versus the first quarter of 2013. Refining volumes were higher primarily due to less maintenance activity, which enabled the refineries to run at higher rates and capture margin. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter of 2014 were $4.00 per barrel, which is $0.21 per barrel higher than the first quarter of 2013, due primarily to increased energy costs on higher natural gas prices. I’d like to highlight another item in our operations during the first quarter of 2014. The new hydrocrackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles ran well and at a combined feed rate of about 120,000 barrels per day, which is their stated capacity. The new hydrocrackers also contributed to an increase in yields of gasoline and distillates and a reduction in the yields of other lower-value products. The ethanol segment delivered record first quarter earnings, generating $243 million of operating income versus $14 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2013. Increased gross margin was driven by weather-related supply disruptions, low industry ethanol inventories, low ethanol imports, and lower corn costs relative to the first quarter of 2013. Ethanol production volumes averaged 3.1 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2014, which is higher than first quarter 2013 but lower versus the fourth quarter of 2013 due to production slowdowns caused by weather-related rail congestion. As noted in the earnings release, we acquired an idled 110 million gallon per year ethanol plant in Mount Vernon, Indiana, for $34 million in March. Efforts are underway to restart the facility, and production is expected to resume in the third quarter of this year. Given the favorable ethanol margin environment, we like the returns potential for this new facility. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $160 million in the first quarter of 2014. Net interest expense was $100 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense was $421 million. The effective tax rate was 33.9%. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter-end, total debt was $6.6 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $3.6 billion of which $384 million was held by Valero Energy Partners LP. Valero’s debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 14.3% excluding cash held by Valero Energy Partners. Valero had approximately $5.4 billion and Valero Energy Partners had $300 million of available liquidity in addition to cash. Given our financial strength and favorable outlook for refining margin conditions last week S&P affirmed our BBB investment credit rating and raised our outlook from negative to stable. Cash flows in the first quarter included $517 million of capital expenditures, which included $129 million for turn arounds and catalyst. In the first quarter, we return $359 million in cash to our stockholders by paying $133 million dividend and by purchasing approximately $4.3 million shares of Valero common stock for $226 million. For 2014, we maintain our guidance for capital expenditures including turnaround and catalyst at approximately $3 billion. We expect stay-in business capital to account for approximately 50% of total spending and for the reminder to be allocated to strategic growth investments, which are primarily for logistics and light crude oil process and projects. For modeling, our second quarter operations you should expect refinery group of volumes to fall with in the following ranges. U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.42 million to 1.47 million barrels per day, U.S. mid-continent at 370,000 to 390,000 barrels per day, U.S. West Coast at 260,00 to 280,00 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter to be around $4.20 per barrel, for our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total production volumes of $3.5 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expense excluding depreciation for the second quarter to be around $160 million and net interest expense should be around $95 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the second quarter should be approximately $410 million and our effective tax rate should be around 35%. Okay Bakiba, we have concluded our opening remarks. In a moment we’ll open the call to questions. Just want to remind our callers that during this segment we would like to limit you each turn to questions. You can always jump back into the queue for additional questions. Okay Bakiba, we’re ready.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). And our first question is going to come from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead your line is open.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys, good morning.
William R. Klesse: Good morning Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: When I looking at your buyback into first quarter is $226 million, in January from your last conference call you said $204 million. So when we looking at say in February and March, the decision that to slowdown the buyback, most there, can you help us understand what is the thinking? What is the criteria, when you determine that, how much you want to buyback?
William R. Klesse:  So this is Clark. We were basically out of the market in February, and March because of our pending management change, which our legal advice was we could not be up buying our stock and then in March because of the earnings, the whole period of February, March and then in the April here with the earnings. So we've really just been, in a way, blacked out or locked out of the market. There's no change in our strategy here. Returning cash to the shareholders, and our dividend, which we raised in January, and then buying our shares.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Second question (indiscernible) that I mean how fast do you guys want to grow the LP EBITDA or distribution growth you want to talk about during the initial year. I think that's two school of thought amongst some of your peers, one is that want to grow the LP as quickly as they could so that they would get to a size they can use their own balance sheet to raise that to fund future growth. The other school is that they want to be just in the high teen what is the school of thought that you guys belong.
Joseph W. Gorder:  Hey, Paul, this is Joe. If you look at our peer group in this, and we're really talking about the sponsored MLP's, we consider Phillips and Marathon to be the two, and you know, Phillips has said publicly they're going to grow their distribution to 20% to 25% range. Marathon is at a range slightly below that, we understand, and we tend to focus on the higher end of the range, so we're targeting 20%, 22%, 23%, distribution growth, annually going forward. And our approach will be do it, initially with drop down assets that are same type of assets that we did, when we did the initial assets in, which are those with very gradable, stable cash flows, based on fee based income. So we're going to target the timing for our first drop to be early part of the second half of this year. And then I would think, although we can't give that kind of direction, it should increase cash flows, and distribution increases should follow.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Joe, can we still assume that the MLP assets sitting in the C Corp. today is somewhere in the $300 million to $400 million for you?
Joseph W. Gorder: Paul, the range that we talk about is actually higher than that. I would say we're in the $800 million EBITDA range that we believe we could drop.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. And before I finish that Gene and Bill congratulation on the retirement thank you for all the years of your insight, we appreciate. And best of luck, and have a lot of fun. But don’t spend too much time in the (indiscernible).
William R. Klesse: Thanks Paul. 
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question on the call from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead your line is open.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Roger. 
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Could we talk a little bit about Gulf Coast volumes here in the second quarter and then within that broader kind of expectation, generally speaking, volume has been better in the last two quarters, then I think kind of or at the higher end of the range of expectations, can you walk us through what's happening in the Gulf Coast and then maybe what could push that to the higher end of the range again. 
R. Lane Riggs:  This is Lane Riggs, are you asking in terms of our performance or the overall industries of Gulf Coast. 
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Specific to you.
William R. Klesse: Specific to us, when you look at sort of quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year, our turn around activity was lower, in the first quarter we set little bit higher in the second quarter. In terms of our volumes, that you'll see our second quarter volumes will be a little bit lower in terms of Gulf Coast, that we have a bigger turn around period. In terms of North American crude, the light crude processing that we have versus our capacity. We still have about a 165 a day versus our capacity that we could have run, and this was largely due that we have, you know, medium sour and heavy sour looks still quite competitive in the first quarter versus our capacity that we just still run about 165. Other than that, we are signaled to run forward or near sort of full as our availability would allow.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Could you walk us through what the turnarounds are in the Gulf Coast in Q2 to the extent that you want to the specific units or type of work that’s being done?
William R. Klesse: We choose not to disclose that until after the turnarounds, until the following quarter when the turnarounds are complete. The numbers are in terms of the overall volume metric they were actually the initial comments in terms of the guidance on the volume.
Michael S. Ciskowski: So what happened here is this is all legal advice and some of things that have happened in the markets. We’ve changed our policy on this. I think some of you have noticed, so we no longer announce our turnarounds ahead of time. And so you just have to rely on the guidance that Ashley gives you as the volumes we’re looking at.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Okay. Well as long as we know who to blame if it doesn't go other way it was supposed to go.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, blame Ashley.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: There you go. Just a last question here that, condensate we’re hearing to lot more about that becoming a bigger and bigger issue and even in some parts of West Texas where it's being rejected. I was wondering, what are you seeing along the Gulf Coast or any other part of your operations, in terms of condensate. Are you having any rejection issues, in terms of what's being delivered to the units and then what your thoughts are on, how Valero may deal with the condensate issue not worrying so much about, you know, the industry with condensate splitters, et cetera.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger, this is Gary Simmons. I would say in the Gulf we haven't had too much of an issue with getting light material to our crude units. We have taken a hard look at the condensate. We don't really see that the discounts are wide enough to really warrant a capital investment to be able to run a lot larger volumes of condensates in the Gulf Coast. We are taking a heavy look at this in the Permian basin in some regions and kind of getting with producers and seeing where they're seeing the production to see if there is some opportunity, but right now we don't have anything planned.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. And then our next question is going to come from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead your line is open.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning guys. And firstly congratulate to Bill and Eugene and your careers and retirement to Joe and the new role to come May. My first question really for Bill, and it's obviously more general and somewhat reflective question. I mean as you think about your 40 plus year career with Valero, and it’s predecessors and lot has changed and how do you think about the current Valero and how it stacks up, relative to your history, and just your outlook today for the company versus other periods of time?
William R. Klesse:  Okay. Well, the independents are a bigger segment of the business today than it used to be for sure, and I think that will continue. So that's one of the major changes in refining is that the independent segment has far more weight, and I think we react quicker to market influences. But Valero, we’re a company that’s put together bunch of assets and a bunch of people. Some of those assets were under invested in some were operated very poorly. But we come together with one culture and we have one goal, and it’s really to perform with excellence. We’ve improved our operations tremendously over the last few years, we’re a for more reliable operators are much, much better operator, in that thanks goes to our people being very focused on excellence, respect for each other, hard work, safety, and teamwork. Valero is one company and you knowing our history, all the acquisitions, but we’re one company. This business, though, far it's going to continue to be volatile, it will be seasonal, but it’s made up a very hard working people and I always like the point this out to people, this industry pays taxes and we give a product to society that makes peoples lives better. The world needs the oil and gas for regardless of the rhetoric that people talk about. Oil and gas is inexpensive, and it, I mean, frankly, the developing world has have oil and gas. All the alternatives, and we know them all and we know all the cost structures, and except for ethanol, that has been able to work into the fuel mix all the rest of these alternatives are too expensive, inefficient, and will do absolutely nothing to improve the environment. And it's a waste of money. Well, I think we're very competitive very well, competitively positioned, and we had value to society, and Valero has a very bright future and no question that the crude oil and natural gas that’s happening in North America is the biggest thing in my career, and I'm sure in Gene's as well, and its having a tremendous influence on all manufacturing in the United States that people thought was really last forever because the jobs in our industry really do allow people to on their own educate their kids and retire with benefits.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  That’s great. I have a second question. There is a current debate regarding the impact of current battery, crude inventories are well above five year highs and a continuing heavy turnaround through the second quarter of this year and just how fold the system might be as it relates to Gulf Coast crude differentials. I know batteries are big place, I was wondering if you comment on what you’re seeing in the physical inventory market. I know you have talked on the conversation side, but how many tank tops are general inventory levels that you’re seeing in various Gulf Coast storage reasons, I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
Gary Simmons: David this is Gary Simmons. If you look at the BOE stats from last week, we’re 209 million when we combined the refinery tankage with third-party terminals we would say that the working capacity in the Gulf is somewhere in the 2.75 range so that puts you about 76% of overall working capacity that’s being utilized today. We’re not seeing problems in the Gulf and there are some areas that it does appears starting to get pretty full with the SPR release loop seems pretty full, one of the things that we’re seeing is our barrels are showing up faster than they used to. So the third-party terminal operators aren’t sitting on inventory. They’re turning those barrels pretty fast, and they’re showing up it our refineries sites a little bit faster than what we’ve seen in the past, but no real issues that we’ve seen thus far.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Great, I appreciate it guys.
Gary Simmons: Thanks Evan.
Operator: Thank you, and then our next question is going to come from Edward Westlake from Credit-Suisse. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse:  Yes and let me also say congratulations, 650 I think is the EPS consensus not quite the $8 you guys did in the boom times, but certainly Valero looks like in good shape, just a follow on question on the MLP. I mean, obviously it’s a great currency as well not just for what you can drop down into it, trading at a 2% yield. Maybe think a little bit more broadly about talking to us about what you envisage the MLP to allow you to do over the next several years, potentially external M&A as well as the drop down. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder:  Yes. Okay, this is Joe. It’s a good question. I mean, obviously the drop downs are the primary focus for the strategy in the short-term, but we do realize that we’ve got a very competitive currency to use to do other transactions. You know, I think if you look at the logistics investment that Valero is making this year, and it will continue to make next year. In docks, we even have the rails, we’ve got pipe investments that we’re making and looking at. We’re going to continue to build the logistics portfolio at Valero Energy that will allow us to look to drop for an extended period of time, which really just eliminates the need to go into the market to pay a premium for assets. So we find that to be a great benefit to us, but we would not hesitate to look at what’s available in the marketplace, and to consider those assets and to use the currency to acquire those assets, but we felt that they fit into the system, and they were really assets that Valero Energy felt good about being able to make commitments to provide in that ratable, cash flow stream going forward.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then a specific question on – and condensate has been team so far this call, but say you look at your sort of more mid-continent refineries Ardmore and Mckee, as you look at the crude that’s coming into those refineries, presume say it’s, WTI mix a lot of refineries are starting to complain that WTI isn’t the same WTI used to be, because obviously condensates are spiked into it. Do you have any color on o how the sort of gravity of that WTI has changed over time or where we are against the sort of 42 API speck
Unidentified Company Representative:  Yes. I would say both Ardmore and Mckee, we definitely see a trend toward the crude getting lighter and it has caused some operating issues for us, some constraints where we have to cut rates, because the gravity of the crude is getting higher. So we try to control at the best we can with working with producers to control the quality of the barrels that we’re getting, but we have seen issues with the barrels getting lighter.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: I mean, I guess I’ll ask the direct I should have asked, which is do you think there will be a point where the really light crude will need its own infrastructure rather than being blended into the TI stream.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I do I think ultimately we’ll have to do that because the refineries just can reject the light ends.
Unidentified Company Representative: But how that structure comes out remains to be seen, I’m not necessarily sure you’re going to see a gathering system, but you may see some type of fractionation that occurs that allows it to move from the field economically into these hubs and then get address that hub before it then moves to the refiners. There’s a lot, but just think that there is - you wouldn't necessarily think you're going to have a whole pipeline network to handle this, but you may have fractionation occur at different places in the system, including at the refinery.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes. Which would be an opportunity for you guys in the MLP?
William R. Klesse: That’s right.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead. You line is open.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: Good morning. It’s Jeff Dietert.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: Good morning. My congratulations to Bill and Gene and appreciate all you education and knowledge and being an industry statement for the last many years. I’d like to focus on some of the medium sour crudes on the Gulf Coast. I think there have been a lot of discussion about light crudes coming in and more competition between light and medium. Yet, when you look at the Ed Mars, it's trading 5.5 under LLS, which is wider than average over the last 18 months. And you look at Thunder Horse, Southern Green Canyon some of that medium sours and trading at nice discounts as well. Obviously, the 700 a day keystone south pipeline is started up and we have got SPR putting medium crude into the market. Could you talk about how significant of these factors are and maybe other considerations you believe are driving the wide discounts from medium crudes in the Gulf Coast, and maybe how sustainable that weakness will be.
William R. Klesse: Yes. So I think we’ve been fairly consistent in our view that’s you know the medium sours and the heavy sours are going to have to trade at a quality adjusted differentials to the light sweet and as the light sweets are pressured down, the medium sours and the heavy sours are going to have to follow. I agree with your comments certainly in the short-term, the medium sours followed with the SBR release pressured the medium sours down in the Gulf a little bit more than what we had seen especially in the first quarter. But overall, I think we'll see that trend continued.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: And your LP's are viewing that you should run near maximum rates, given where discounts are, and crack spreads are and just looking at the high levels of inventory reasonable U.S. demand and increasing product exports?
William R. Klesse: Yes, I think as Lane commented, the LP's are really pushing toward maximum utilization across the system.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: Thanks for your comments.
William R. Klesse: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question is on the call from Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead Paul. Your line is open.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, good morning everyone.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Paul.
Paul L. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Bill and Joe congratulations indeed to both of you, and again as always I said, thanks for being so much fun to deal with over the years and so interesting to deal with. Could we just talk a bit about Gulf Coast again sorry to go back to this, but the throughput number could you just remind me what that was in terms of what you expected to be in the second quarter could you just repeat for to make it easier what you did in the first quarter and then could you also talk about what your capacity is now on the Gulf Coast, what you think your refining throughput capacity is overall. Thanks. 
William R. Klesse: Yes, Paul. In the first quarter our throughput was 1.585 billion barrels per day. Our guidance was one for the second quarter is 1.42 million to 1.47 million barrels per day. And I'm going to get an updated capacity. Capacities is around a total throughput, just over 1.6 million barrels per day.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Okay, so I’ve got that 1.6 and then I think it was officially 1.54 last year and then so it’s to be so detailed here, but then I think you gave a light weep throughput capacity as well for that system.
R. Lane Riggs:  Yes. This is Lane Riggs. Just in the Gulf Coast it’s about 480,000 barrels a day.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: For you guys?
R. Lane Riggs: Yes. 
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, okay that’s interesting. The outlook for that as we move forward. Firstly, I guess that’s a turn around number in Q4 that’s the reason why you are so much lower, but then I suppose that we are going to go back up to much higher level of utilization through the rest of the year Q3, Q4. And then when we move forward beyond that, is your capacity going to increase let’s say into 2015 or do you think you’ve reached a steady state. Firstly for the overall capacity, second for the light sweep? Thanks. Sorry to miss the detail.
R. Lane Riggs: Yes, Paul this is Lane again, we have the two crude unit project. So everything you said is true. But in terms of project we have in terms of our pipeline of project is our crude expansion for both Corpus Christi and Houston both of which will be somewhat finished towards the end of next year. So the capacity of those 90,000 barrels a day at Houston and 70,000 barrels of day in Corpus in terms of our additional capacity in the Gulf Coast were on light sweep.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: And that would be at the end of 2015?
William R. Klesse: Yes, we’re calling kind of early 2016. So when those are operating.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then the other question I have here is just related to the further outlet light sweep crude in terms of exports, can you just, again on a look forward basis talk about how much more oil you guys would be using in Canada and there is some line reversal stories as well as some shipping stories, thanks.
William R. Klesse: Yeah, so what we said is our Canadian refinery should be at a 100% domestic light sweep by the end of the year, we’re still on pace to complete that, we’re a little bit ahead of schedule, I would probably have about a 130,000 barrels a day of capacity that we haven’t utilized yet for the domestic light sweet. So if you take Lane’s number in the gulf of 165 in the gulf plus 138 back here in this 295 range of capacity that we still have to absorb light sweet crude absence the capital program that we have.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Well, understood. And is that the limit on what you can do absent the capital program I mean the only crew that you’ll take up that is for your own use and your own refinery?
William R. Klesse: So I guess I don’t understand which you are asking?
R. Lane Riggs: Well you may and we can ship out there and sell it to one of the other refineries in Canada?
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, exactly whether…
R. Lane Riggs: Our permit allows us to ship it to all four, I think of the company arriving and compensate with somebody else, I think it’s four anyway.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And I guess additional final one and Bill, because it’s presumably your last call, if you want to talk about how things have changed and or you think the outlook is in Washington D.C. Particularly I’m wondering if you think will be able to export, condensate in relatively short order and then longer term, whether you feel that in due course potentially if prices in the U.S. get very low, we maybe exporting crude as well and any other thoughts you have on what’s going on in Washington? Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs: Well I do accept that the ground work is being laid for condensates to be an issue and that’s all definition of what crude oil is and then the question was asked earlier about infrastructure, which is absolutely correct. So condensates may need to get addressed at some point. As far as exporting of crude, though, the industry is running the oil, the discounts we have in the marketplace today are really because of logistics in many of these markets. And we’re doing things and I’m sure everyone of our peer group are doing things to be able to run more oil, and then we support the free markets, but you need to remember that this business isn't very free. There’s a lots of restrictions from the Jones Act and the cartels, to everything else that goes with it. So I think it remains to be seen, but under the law, there's a lot of flexibility. You can re-export Canadian crude, you can get licenses for that, as Gary just spoke, you have licenses to send U.S. domestic crude to Canada, there is also possibilities of exchanges, if it becomes so much, but the thing I think that people need to remember is this is a windfall for the North America and the United States as far as manufacturing, whether it's natural gas liquids, natural gas or crude oil, and we can have a manufacturing boom, the petrochemical industry can boom, where do you build petrochemical plants. Resource advantage, consumer advantage the U.S. is now resource advantaged. So this is a huge opportunity for jobs. We have a lot of rhetoric about jobs. Here is a real area for jobs. Job training, huge opportunities for welders, pipe fitters, instrument techs, operators, that was not here just five years ago. So this question of exports, and how our country should conduct themselves especially when you see the turmoil in the world, that we have going on, I think should take a lot of stuff. And I think it will.
Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Great, thanks for your thoughts. Thank you guys.
William R. Klesse:  Thanks, Paul.
Operator:  Thank you, and then our next question is going to come from Faisel Kahn from Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Thanks. Hi, good morning guys. I’m Faisel from Citi. If I could ask a question on the heavy oil sort of consumption in the Gulf Coast, just with all the things going on in Venezuela, what are the risks to you guys the volumes into your facilities, from heavy crude, you're taking from Venezuela and then to sort of counter that can you give us an update on how much heavy crude you're bringing down from Canada specifically through the pipeline into Port Arthur as well.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, our heavy sour volumes were fairly consistent from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. You brought up Venezuela, we did choose to allow our heavy sours inventories to creep up a little bit in the first quarter. In case we had a supply disruption from Venezuela. But we haven't seen any changes that would indicate that we would have a risk of supply loss from Venezuela. The Canadian values – Canadian volumes were down in the first quarter and that was mainly just a matter of pricing. The Canadian production – the heavy Canadian production was down somewhat due to weather and then demand was also a little higher with BP Whiting’s coker coming online. So we didn’t see the economic incentive to run the Canadians in the first quarter that we have seen in the fourth quarter and early. That incentive is starting to come back and so we are ramping the Canadians back into Port Arthur here in April.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Its okay, understood. And can you also give us an update on what your strategic thinking is with the California assets, has that changed at all, and here what’s the – process going on or, how are you guys thinking about those particular assets?
William R. Klesse:  Well. In California obviously our financial performance is not that great. It is our weakest group of assets now financially, operationally though it’s excellent. We have a very solid asset, they are operated very well. We continue to make improvements on those assets. And so when you look at the basic issue of supply demand where demand has not really recovered out there at all from pretty great recession, although we're starting to some improving economy and some optic in demand. To focus that we have is to work on our crude costs and to continue to work on the operating costs and of course, adjusting our yields to fit the market. So we view it as some of our competitors publicly stated that in a way, it's an option value out there. It's a huge market. The LA basin is still absolutely a huge gasoline market, and so the markets there, we just needed to show a little bit of growth back to levels it was before.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, understood. And then last question for me. Can you give us an update on the methanol plan to alkylation unit projects and sort of when you might think of sort of sanctioning those projects?
R. Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane Riggs, where we are – we're in the Phase II and Phase III process in terms of working on ethanol, which means were doing a more detailed engineering to get a better cost of fine tuner economics, we will bring the project forward for a Phase III review, around November this year, and we'll probably have sort no go on the project at that time, but so far the project looks very, very favorable until there is no show stopper at this point time with respect to that project
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, great. I appreciate the time guys.
William R. Klesse:  Hey thanks Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. And then our next question is from the Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody, Bill, Joe and everybody congratulations. It’s you have been agree educator build for the industry and will miss you at the grantee for sure. But good luck to all of you. My two questions if I may, first of all on the Gulf Coast, I think Lane made a comment earlier, but well refinery utilization, but I don’t would like to go to the industry utilization. We have seen the big build in inventories, but we have also seen our step changing utilization rates and as I look at it, if you want to characterize it, our supply days of crude on the Gulf Coast, are actually near the lowest level seasonally, that we have seen in quite some times. And this one if you guys could comment on that. And what it means for working capital for the industry and for Valero specifically as you move through utilization rates higher on the Gulf Coast. I got have follow-up. Please?
R. Lane Riggs: Well. This is Lane. And I will take a little bit of short at as days of supply I will differ to my friend list, but in terms of we absolutely had a, if you look at our crude margins, from the LP guide. We have had a huge incentive, to run through all the first quarter and fully with the margin refineries exist today so if you want turnaround or if you are having issues, you're trying to run crude, and you are not only trying to crude and crude still for example we are running crude in some of our SPC's, two or three of our SPC's where we have the ability to run resin, we are running crude in all of that so the industry is doing quite a bit in terms of trying to run more crude, because that’s where the economic people’s are telling us the range and I don’t know if you want to talk on employees.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so the days is hard working capital in general – we generally see our domestic refineries that are taking ratable pipeline deliveries require less working capital than some of our Gulf Coast assets and our view was as we switch to more domestic barrels that would drive down working capital, I’m not sure I think it’s a little too early to tell that, and some of its just we're not sure what our pipeline line fill capacities are going to be on some of these new lines to be able to really give you guidance on that at this time.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  I guess sort on what I’m really trying to figure out is I mean – but all looking at the differential on the Gulf Coast there has been obviously a consensus expectation that was going to blow out again probably for all of us and it hasn’t at least in the magnitude in prior quarters we’ve had down time. And I guess what I’m really trying to understand is are you guys seeing the same sort of indications that we are, which is that days of supply for the system as a whole, is actually still quite tight given the higher utilization rates or are you not seeing that at all?
Unidentified Company Representative: It appears to me that the market in the Gulf is well supplied today. So I don’t know that I have actually looked at it in terms of days of supply, but the market seems well supplied.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up really hopefully quick, one more Valero specific. The comment you made earlier about you are seeing a lightening of the crude slate or for WTI specifically and that's becoming more problematic I guess in terms of filling up some of your secondary units. Can you talk about what that's doing to you’re capture rates relative to the legacy capture rate of the system. I guess what I’m really trying to get to is, we’ve seen capture rates drift a little bit lower versus indicators and I’m just wondering if that’s got something to do with it in terms of incremental challenges you are having on running those crudes and I’ll leave it there.
Unidentified Company Representative:  It’s difficult for me to comment exactly with that does in terms of running lighter in terms of where the capture rates go we could look at that in more detail.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  I’ll take it off-line thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative:  Thanks Doug.
Operator:  Thank you, and then our next question is going to come from Sam Margolin from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company: Thanks, good morning everybody. I’ll just echo the congrats to Bill, Gene and Joe not a whole lot I could add, but I would be remised if I didn’t say thanks and I think its going to continue to be…
Unidentified Company Representative: Hey, Sam. You may have to rejoin because we are hearing some weird feedback coming through.
Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company: Is it better now?
Unidentified Company Representative: Every time you do it, it sounds like you are playing a videogame.
Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company: Really?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, yeah. You might have to rejoin we’ll wait for you.
Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  And our next question is going to come from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead your line is open.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Guys, good morning hopefully you can hear me a little bit better.
Unidentified Company Representative: It sounds good Blake.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay good. Congrats also to Bill, Gene and Joe, its great working with all you guys. Two quick ones for you. One, you mentioned the Quebec refinery and potential reversals of line nine, of course I know you are barging Eagle Ford crude up there as well. I’m just curious if you could talk abut how you see the economics unfolding, I guess I always viewed pipeline as more efficient than barging crude, although I believe you kind of outlined about $2 cost of barging on a non-Jones Act vessel. So I’m just curious once the. line comes on, do you think we'll start or maybe reduce the amount of the Eagle Ford barge crude up there?
Gary K. Simmons:  Yes. This is Gary Simmons. I guess the way we would see it is that the pipeline delivery would be the most advantaged and then second to that would be the barrels that we get over the water, and then finally would be the tranche that were currently taking by rail. So if barrels starts to drop off it would probably be the rail volume that you would see fall off before the volume that we are taking over the water.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay, great. The second one for you quickly there is some press reports out there that the Milford Haven refinery will be closed next month, obviously you’ll get a direct benefit of Pembroke with those volumes being offline, but I’m just curious if there is any opportunity to maybe buy some units or specific assets from that facility that would enhance Pembroke’s performance?
William R. Klesse: Well, this is Klesse, we’re fully aware of what’s going on there and we are not sure how this is all going to work out and if there is an opportunity for us to improve our situation at Pembroke will take a look at it, but as of today we don’t have anything moving on direct.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Blake.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chi Chow for Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, thank you. I want to go back to the Canadian strategy, and it’s been reported you’ve got this application for re-export license of Canadian crude. And first have you receive that permit yet and then secondly can you just discuss the strategy with the permit and what’s the strategy on moving volumes out to either backup by if I guess to Québec or out of Pembroke from what I understand that’s part of permit as well.
Gary K. Simmons: Yes, this is Gary Simmons, we do have the permit in place, some of that why we went out and got that, actually when we are having the weather problems moving the Canadian barrels by rail to Québec, we wanted to be able to shift that volume and move the rail volume to the gulf and then be able to bring it up over the water to Québec, and weren’t allow to do that. So this permit will allow us to do that, certainly at some point in time that we could also look at taking volume to Pembroke, but today we don’t have any plans to do that least in the short term.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Does the permit allow you specifically to move to Pembroke only or that open to destinations within Europe or the U.K.?
Gary K. Simmons: I’m not sure on the specific for that.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I think in the permit, you actually identified and I believe or you have nine different places were allowed to take it in the permit and you actually have to specify and so you asked the philosophy or strategy question, the strategy is that flexibility. We have the assets going in place with rail and at the U.S. gulf coast that allows us to keep the crude oil and that allow us to plan to go ahead and keep it segregated and then if the economics so there we have flexibility in our system.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, Bill that the nine different places are they all with in your own facilities at Valero?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, there are not.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: I’m just wondering is in our your best interest to keep as much crude in the gulf as possible and what point would you look to I guess execute on this part and moving the crude down?
Michael S. Ciskowski: It’s all flexibility and this is about economics and we would do exactly what years have leading to is always in our self interest for our shareholder.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then I guess second question, can you give us the product export volumes in the first quarter and what the capacity is for both gas and diesel at this point.
Gary K. Simmons:  Sure, this is Gary Simmons again in the first quarter we exported 208,000 barrels of distillate. We would say that our capacity the day is close to 325 and we have some capital projects in the work that will bring that up to 425 on the gasoline side we exported a 124,000 barrels a day of gasoline in the first quarter and that capacity is probably in the 225 range it will also go up to about 250 with some of the dock work we have going on.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks Gary, any timing on the increase in the capacity on both products.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so the dock work is probably a year to two years away from being complete.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay and then one final question on the exports have you noticed any impact from some of the new refineries that have coming to the market and most notably I guess that you’ve well planned in Saudi Arabia.
Gary K. Simmons: We’ll still see a margin today a good margin to export when you take the RIN into account and so we were finding plenty of homes to take the barrel. So I don’t say that, I can’t say that we’ve seen a big impact from that.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.:  Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is going to come from Sam Margolin Cowen & Company. Please go ahead your line is open.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, coming through okay.
William R. Klesse: Sounds good.
Joseph W. Gorder: Great.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for let me back I’ll keep it tight I wanted to, I think that was brought up earlier the connection between sort of utilization and capture rate I think one of the moving parts there might be intermediate feedstock costs, seems to be like one of the last remaining sort of structural challenges I bring it up because you guys are addressing it with crude units and I was just curious of if any of those economics are changing if there is an opportunity at this stage to make them bigger or add another one or even drop them down and put a toll on it because kind of the commodity structure is looking more favorable?
R. Lane Riggs:  Hi, Sam this is Lane Riggs so our both crude units, that we did we are big as – as large that could be in enter the green house gas. So we don’t really have the opportunity to make them larger at this point time about reporting without going through the process to getting the green house gas.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, and then I guess I will just bring up Maya, Brent spreads have been pretty favorable I think some of that has to do with WTS and Midlands kind of I guess leakage of the price dislocations there and West pipelines the infrastructure start to come online at a West Texas and maybe Midland normalizers closer to, closer to other benchmarks and then WTS comes with it if you guys are expecting any kind of weird price action in Maya maybe in the third quarter and if there is something we should prepare or try to bake in ahead a time to our estimates.
Michael S. Ciskowski:  Well, I think with the Maya formula there is always that risk that if Midland comes into Cushing that it can affect that Maya formula in the short-term but we believe they’re trying to price their crude so it can be competitive with Mars and so that even if Midland comes in they would eventually adjust the K to keep their crude competitive with a medium seller alternative.
Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you so much. Have a good one.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks Sam.
Operator:  Thank you. Then our next question is going to come from Cory Garcia from Raymond James. Please go ahead Cory your line is open.
Cory J. Garcia – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Thanks good morning Bill, definitely want to echo everyone start and that’s what it is going forward for Bill and Gene. Most of my questions have already been answered. But I guess as follow up to Faisel earlier Lane do you have any sort of no go, no go timeline on the Al key unit that you guys as talked about, obviously, a little bit lower stop in the scale of project, but just wondering if you have a similar sort of training for us to at least keep an eye out for.
R. Lane Riggs: It's on a similar time line. We'll have the same sort of base to review in the fourth quarter with management and then make to sort of the similar decision.
Cory J. Garcia – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. And we have no further questions at this time. 
William R. Klesse:  So listen, for those of you have a still on the call, and it was mentioned several times, this is Gene and my last call with you all. And I just wanted to Gene and I both wanted to tell you guys. Thank you very much for the interest you’ve shown in Valero and we wish all of you all the best going forward. So thank you very much for that.
Ashley M. Smith:  Thank you, Bill. Thank you and we appreciate everyone calling in and listening to the call today have additional questions please contact our Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Klesse - Chairman and CEO Joe Gorder - President and COO Mike Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer Gene Edwards - Chief Development Officer Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President, Refining Operations
Analysts: Doug Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities Faisel Kahn - Citigroup Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Paul Cheng - Barclays Allen Good - Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2013 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. My name is Sylvia, and I will be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Sylvia and good morning to everyone listening to our earnings call today. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Joe Gorder, President and COO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Slide 2 directs your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. So as noted in the release, we reported fourth quarter 2013 earnings of $1.3 billion or $2.38 per share. Excluding the $325 million nontaxable gain on the disposition of Valero’s retained interest in CST Brands, our adjusted fourth quarter 2013 earnings were $963 million, or $1.78 per share, which compares with fourth quarter 2012 adjusted earnings of $1.05 billion or $1.88 per share.  For the full year 2013, we reported earnings of $2.7 billion or $4.97 per share. Excluding the aforementioned gain and special items related to our May 1 spin-off of CST Brands to Valero’s stockholders as detailed in the release, full year 2013 adjusted earnings were $2.4 billion or $4.42 per share.  Operating income was nearly the same in the fourth quarters of both 2013 and 2012. An increase in ethanol operating income was offset by decreases in the refining and retail segments. The retail segment decrease was due mainly to the effects of the May 1 spin-off of CST Brands. The decrease in refining segment fourth quarter operating income from 2012 to 2013 was primarily due to three key items, additional depreciation and amortization driven mainly by the hydrocracker units at our Port Arthur and St. Charles refineries; increase in operating expenses most driven by higher energy costs and a decrease in throughput margin. Refining segment throughput margin in the fourth quarter of 2013 was $11.20 per barrel, which is down approximately $1 per barrel versus the fourth quarter of 2012. The decrease in gasoline and diesel margins in our regions was mostly offset by an increase in medium and heavy sour crude discount. Propeller on the crude pricing from the fourth quarter of 2012 to fourth quarter of 2013, the Mars medium sour crude discount to Brent increased favorably by $7.66 per barrel and Maya heavy sour crude oil discount to Brent increased favorably by $2.73 per barrel. Regarding light crude pricing during the same timeframe, WTI discounts to Brent narrowed unfavorably by $10.10 per barrel, while the LLS prices improved favorably by $8.39 per barrel going from a premium to a discount versus Brent. Our refining throughput volumes averaged $2.8 million barrels per day in the fourth quarter, which is an increase of 139,000 barrels per day versus the fourth quarter of 2012. Refining volumes were higher, primarily due to less maintenance activity and the initiatives of favorable crude discounts, particularly for light crude in our Gulf Coast system. Refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2013 were $3.79 per barrel. This was similar to the fourth quarter of 2012. Our ethanol segment earned record operating income of $269 million in the fourth quarter and $491 million for the year. The outstanding results are attributed to strong gross margins driven by low industry ethanol inventories and a decline in corn prices, which combined with record high quarterly average production volumes of 3.6 million gallons per day. In the fourth quarter of 2013, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $175 million. Net interest expense was $102 million and total depreciation and amortization expense was $437 million. The effective tax rate was 28.6%, which is lower than guidance due to the $325 million non-taxable gain on the liquidation of our CST Brands shares in November. Adjusting for this item, the effective tax rate was 35%. At the end of the year, total debt was $6.6 billion and cash and temporary investments was $4.3 billion, of which $375 million was held by Valero Energy Partners LP. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash was 10.2% and we had over $6.2 billion of available liquidity in addition to cash. Regarding cash flows in the fourth quarter, capital expenditures were $538 million, including $107 million for turnaround and catalyst. Also in the fourth quarter, we received net proceeds of $369 million from the offering of Valero Energy Partners LP, that cash was retained in the partnerships. We also received $448 million of net proceeds from the disposition of our remaining interest in CST Brands, which included $19 million in associated fees. In the quarter, we returned $459 million in cash to our stockholders, paying $120 million in dividends and by purchasing approximately 8.3 million shares of Valero common stock for $339 million. This brings our full year 2013 stock purchases to 22.4 million shares for $920 million plus dividends of $462 million for total of cash returned to stockholders of nearly $1.4 billion. For perspective that is more than double the total cash that we returned to stockholders in 2012. Also in 2013, our spinoff of CST Brands was a dividend to Valero`s shareholders, based on its current recent equivalent value to approximately $3.60 per share of Valero including CST Brands cash dividends. Earlier this month, we continue to show our commitment to return cash to stockholders by purchasing 4 million shares of Valero common stock for $208 million and by increasing the regular cash dividend last week. For 2013, capital expenditures, including turnarounds and catalysts, were $2.76 billion, or more than $90 million below our previous guidance. For 2014, we maintain our guidance for capital expenditures, including turnarounds and catalysts, at approximately $3 billion.  Similar to 2013, we expect approximately 50% of total spending beyond stay-in business capital. The other half of our 2014 capital spending is allocated to strategic growth investments, largely in logistics, increasing our capability to process light crude oil.  For modeling our first quarter operations, you should refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges, U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.475 million to 1.525 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 390,000 to 410,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 230,000 to 240,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be around $4 per barrel. For our ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.6 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Also in the first quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $160 million, and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the first quarter should be around $420 million, and our effective tax rate in the first quarter should be approximately 35%. Okay, Sylvia, we have concluded our opening remarks. We will now open the call to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We have Doug Leggate, BofA Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I’ve got a couple of micro questions. Actually, I'm hoping you can at least give your perspective on. The first one is that affects you guys in the Gulf Coast is the pricing of Maya. It continues as an indicator I guess of heavy sour in the Gulf -- it continues to trade fairly wide relative to LLS in particular. Are you guys seeing anything that is happening differently in terms of either flows out of Mexico or the [K-factor pricing that AMEX] is using? Any color on how sustainable you think this might be? I've got a follow-up question. 
Gary Simmons: Doug, this is Gary Simmons. The Maya formula -- 40% of the Maya formula is based on WTS. And so I think a lot of what you are seeing the Maya formula is that they are basically chasing the Brent TIR. And so it got very narrow and then Brent TIR widened back out and Maya went with it. So we are seeing some additional production come to us. I think some of that was due to refinery turnarounds in Mexico. So we are getting some volume above our contract levels. But the pricing has been more tied to volatility in the Brent TIR than anything else.
Doug Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you give a perspective, Gary, as to whether this is something that is just somewhat transitory, or does it change the way you think about your feedstock given -- all the talk is obviously on light sweet in the Gulf but heavy is going to trade out wide. How does the end product you are planning in terms of how you’re going to basically plan your slate going forward?
Gary Simmons: We have a lot of flexibility in the Gulf Coast system, being able to swing from the heavy barrels to the light. It’s been encouraging that the Mayas continue to price at competitive values to the medium sour and the light. I don’t think it really changes our thinking going forward, Doug.
Doug Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My follow-up is also a micro question if I may. And it relates to the gasoline. We are all focused on gasoline exports in terms of the expansion you guys have got going on. So I wonder first of all if you could give us an update as to where you are currently and it really what’s -- my question is it seems to us that the U.S. was self-sufficient across the country for the first time in the fourth quarter. And we basically are seeing gasoline in the Gulf trade under Brent in terms of apples-to-apples basis. So I’m just curious as to -- are you concerned, we’re going to see gasoline pricing move away from Brent towards the domestic crude and if so, how does that change your export policy and I’ll leave it there? Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Hey Doug, this is Joe. Listen on the exports, in the quarter, we did 133,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports. December was particularly strong but it was pretty consistent throughout the entire quarter. If you look forward to the first quarter, I would tell you that we’re seeing volumes at similar levels. And it all has to do with the fact that it did -- we had some low prices and the Latin American countries continue to be short and so we have the opportunity to move the barrels there. I’ll just give you the distillate number, you didn’t ask but while we’re on this, we exported an average of 219,000 barrels a day distillate in the quarter. And those volumes look consistent going forward also. As far as the -- I guess the longer term view of gasoline and its relationship, we are in strange period right now. Prices have been low. Refinery run rates in the Gulf Coast have been very, very high so we’ve had significant volumes in production and we’re at the time of the year when gasoline demand is historically down. And so I guess the guy has pulled the staff here that came out just today and we had a pretty good pop in gasoline demand. But we’re getting into that time of the year although its hard to imagine right now with this cold season, we’re getting to that time of the year where ultimately we’ll stop lending butanes and gasoline pool tightened up, which you get a little bit of recovery in the margin. So I don’t really see that much difference this year versus last. Gene?
Gene Edwards: This is Gene. My only extra comment would be I think as you move into the several periods, ultimately the gasoline is got to revert back to a Brent-related type crack because of incremental refineries in the world are suffice enough of a Brent-price crude.
Operator: Okay. We have Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Hey and thanks for the time and obviously great earnings. Congratulations. Obviously Q3 to Q4, there was a big swing and there is a number of different things that could have accounted for that. I mean, crude discounts widened out in the Gulf, butane blending in winter, products exports, we just had a brief discussion on them. Secondary products was something that hurt in Q3 and obviously got better in Q4 if the crude prices came back a bit and then obviously that continued self help that you guys are putting in with the new units. I’m just trying to look for some color as to which do you think of those or something else, I mean, RINs maybe drove the big delta Q over Q?
Ashley Smith: Yeah. Ed, you kind of nailed most of those things. This is Ashley. I’d say in absolute terms, there is a million way you can slice and dice it but in absolute terms, the biggest -- somewhat in terms of indicator or capture rate, one of the biggest drivers was just outright crude discounts helping out. After that from 3Q to 4Q, the decrease in RINs cost helped on a capture rate basis, absolutely being able to blend butane which can get a price more like you finished gasoline, helped out. I'd say those are the key drivers but just hitting the better crude discounts help not only in capture rate but also outright discount, outright cracks or margins.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Thank you. And then the second unrelated question is obviously light crude is coming out to you thick and fast from the Eagle Ford and eventually at Permian in all the pipes. So that’s very helpful and you’ve announced that you’re thinking about some popping units for late 2015. You said relatively low cost for barrel. I don’t know if you’ve got an actual cost. That would be helpful. But generally, if you can talk about how you take your sort of slightly heavier design refineries to be able to actually process this light crude that perhaps is better in other people’s refineries?
Bill Klesse: Hey, this is Bill. When we are going ahead with our 70,000 barrel a day crude -- light crude unit at Corpus and Lyondell Crude Unit at Houston. We have approval to do that. And those are the designed to run normally about [58 acres], which is a little bit lighter than our crude diet in either of those crude units that we have existing. But we can run some on those lighter, a little bit incrementally lighter crude. We have less flexibility to be able to run something that looks little bit more like WTI, a little bit down to the low 40s. But these are really our big additions in terms of (inaudible) additions to the Gulf Coast capacity to run this type of (inaudible).
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: These projects don’t convert a heavy refinery to run light crude. They generally take light-to-medium refineries and just allow them to process additional light crude, but still have the downstream units.
Gary Simmons: And so, a little more color on that, what we do is we, essentially are backing out. Both those refineries are short toping capacity and long conversion capacity. So it will allow us to do (inaudible) to build our conversion capacity. So it's really displacing VGO and light sulfur [ATP]. But it’s not moving us from -- it’s not -- Ashley commented, we’re adding crude capacity. We’re not displacing crude capacity.
Bill Klesse: We haven’t seen any incentives to destroy heavy capacity because this counts a lot. So most of this is just adding in time, either adding through construction or through processing and operations, finding additional debottlenecking and capability to process light crude.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: And if down the road, light did completely disconnect and heavy stayed links to global markets, how -- what would be the first thoughts on in terms of how you adjust -- would adjust the units to get these heavy refineries a little bit more flexible in terms of what they could take?
Gary Simmons: We’re still -- we still have some additional capacity we think within our existing units down there. And it’s something that we’ll just -- we’ll continue to work on. It’s all a function of how disconnected it actually is and is it really there. But we still have some open capacity to run additional light crude in our Gulf Coast as it is today. And then after you get to -- when you really -- as you get there and you drive towards these one, then it’s all about trying to test what are the marginal economics of weak crude, versus medium, versus heavy. And we’ll just -- we’ll find out, but it’s just a matter of how disconnected it is. 
Operator:  And we have Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company:  My question has to do with Gulf Coast overall imports. We had another robust import number in the DOEs today despite the wide differentials that were in place in November and December which I would assume established the import levels. It appears that the countries that are shipping crude to the U.S. are continuing to ship despite the disincentives that were in place during the fourth quarter. Can you comment on what you’re seeing on about light and medium and heavy crude imports coming into the Gulf Coast? Are those staying pretty stable for you? And what are you seeing more broadly in the industry?
Lane Riggs: Yeah, so overall I would say we are not importing light crude into the Gulf routinely anymore at all. Our imports are medium sour and the heavy sour. On the medium sour side, some of the medium sours that we were taking into the Gulf, we’ve now shifted and a lot of those barrels are now going to the West Coast and the heavy sour has been somewhat [stake].
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company: Secondly, could you update us on the hydrocracker rates? How are they performing both at Port Arthur and St. Charles and how are they performing in the fourth quarter and so far on 1Q?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs again. They run very well in the fourth quarter and they’re currently running well -- I would say we were able to optimize our Port Arthur refinery and looking at our permits. Really our permits are based on a heat release or firing rates as we’ve got -- as we ran 57,000 barrels a day and looked at a little bit more optimized. We’ve actually been able to get the rates up to 50,000 barrels a day normally and still live inside our (inaudible) format. But other than that they’re running, as designed and doing quite well of course.
Operator: And we have Sam Margolin from Cowen and Company.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company: I guess, I’ll circle back to imports for a second. That’s probably going to lead to a follow up. It’s in our observation that a significant portion of the medium imports are leftover industry wide are from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, something like 80% and more or less everything else, legacy, medium imports from Nigeria and other places have been backed out. Are these volumes from Saudi and Kuwait just much sticker because refining interests from the exporting countries here, or just because they are in more of a -- it's more in their interest to maintain the U.S. market share with those volumes? And I guess what I’m getting at is, are these -- with everything else getting backed out from the medium pool at a pretty rapid rate, are those volumes really an unlikely candidate to follow that trend?
Joe Gorder: For us, it really is a matter of economics and we’ve continued to see the barrels that we are getting from Saudi and the barrels we are getting from Kuwait to be economic. Again, we’ve shifted some of that volume to the west coast and we see better value in moving us to the west coast now that we have other options available to us in the gulf. But for us, it’s an economic question.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company: Okay. So it’s basically just a matter of price and the exporters are going to make the determination of whether there's another location descended to, or whether they need to market the U.S. pricing?
Joe Gorder: Yes.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company: Basically. Okay. And then this is a follow-up on imports and replacing imported crude with domestic crudes. The time to delivery of the average barrels for your systems has been reduced significantly. It's always stands to reason that the industry is able to structurally handle a lot lower import -- a lot lower inventory levels kind of on an ongoing basis. And we’ve seen significant draws up until this week of inventory from the Gulf Coast and I was just wondering if that is sort of de-risking of your supply is contributing to that at all, and if that’s also why the curve is so backward dated essentially?
Joe Gorder: It’s difficult to say, but we just haven’t seen and as we switched to more and more domestic crude, it is having an impact on the inventory and the required inventories in our system for exactly the reasons you are seeing.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company: All right. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we have Robert Kessler from Tudor Pickering.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: Good morning, gentlemen.
Joe Gorder: Hey, good morning, Robert.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: I wanted to ask about Quebec City, as that refinery is slowly transitioning to 100% North America of crude feedstocks, can you give us the numbers for the quarter and how much was delivered by rail and by ship from Texas, and maybe, if I can add a bonus to that, the average light in crude price to that refinery for the quarter?
Joe Gorder: Well, I don’t have it. We will give you the average light in crude cost. But I can tell you that our rail has come up and it’s been very successful. It has a capacity to do about 60,000 barrels a day, started up in August. And we continued to ramp up volumes. We begin to hit some snags with the weather in December and January. The cold weather really hurt that operation. We were up to about 40,000 barrels a day in November. The volumes did falloff in December and January a little bit to the cold weather. We also exported five cargoes from the Gulf to Canada in the fourth quarter. So we’ve run Canadian Syn for the first time. At Quebec, we’ve run WTI, we’ve run Bakken and we run Eagle Ford. We continue to ramp up our volumes there. In the fourth quarter, we saw some weather issues even on the gulf movements that hurt us. We continue to see some challenges on the logistics to be able to get the barrels to the water. And then as you get into the winter, Quebec, the fact that we have ice-clad ships in the supply chain also hinder our ability some to be able to get to well there but we continue to ramp up those volumes and seek good economics on those barrels compared to our Brent related alternatives.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: That’s good to hear. What was the average throughput for the refinery overall for the quarter?
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Robert, I’m going to continue to take Brent near traditionally high records or at traditionally high rates, but we are going to disclose refinery by refinery throughputs and margins, things like that.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: Okay. And everything going on track is -- 
Joe Gorder: We are just going to say, as you can see from the regional data for North Atlantic region, it’s been at fairly high rates.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: Yeah. And everything is on track as far as future expansion capacities to take North American crude? Most notably, I guess the additional loading capacity in Corpus fell mid this year, coming on with another 50,000 barrels a day or so.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, so two significant changes during the year. Mid-year, the Corpus loading facility coming on line and then in the fourth quarter, we expect the Line 9 reversal online also.
Robert Kessler - Tudor Pickering: Yeah, you’re pretty confident that it’s 4Q and not 1Q?
Joe Gorder:  Everything we hear still covers 4Q.
Operator:  We have Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated:  Guys good morning, I had a couple of broader questions for you. The first one is on rail regulations. Obviously we’re hearing some rumblings of more stringent regulations coming down here potentially at some point. And I guess I’m thing about this correctly, certainly would help support differentials on the refining side but then potentially impact some of the potential earnings you would get on the logistics side, in the third call you got about over 5,300 railcars on the way. And I’m just curious if you could talk about how you see this unfolding. Does this impact your decision on owning versus leasing and basically any dynamics you see unfolding as a result of this?
Joe Gorder:  Sure Blake, this is Joe and I’m very impressed that you got our number of railcars, you remembered.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Obviously man, this is an issue. The DOT has the ball, they’re involved. They’re working the regulations and I think the date that we’ve talked about here, they should have recommendations in place by November 14. This is also an issue that’s being worked by the American Association of Railroads, by AFPM and many others. And I would say obviously the conversations are around hiking the standards on cars. So that would be something that we would expect to see. There is a conversation around rerouting around urban areas, slower speeds through urban areas, a lot of focus on classification of the cargo, so what type of crude is being carried, all those things would make sense. And I think we would expect to see some of that. The one issue that’s hanging out there that none of us really know about because of the nature of the rail fleet is how long would it take to retrofit and how long will they allow for a phase in of any recommended changes.  The 5320 cars that we have on quarter are all the rural [111A] cars. So they do have additional safety features over traditional cars. So we’re just kind of waiting to see where that goes but we believe that cars that would meet the schedule will be okay. As far as changing what we’re doing, I don’t see that this is going to have any impact on our plans to move crude by rail. And then as you say, what happens if that materially affected the economic. We currently have some 6,000 cars under lease in the fleet and what we would do is ultimately just go ahead and replace the cars that we have now under lease with the cars that we own and we continue to use them for other services such as asphalt and ethanol, so not a lot of downside for our investment in the railcars.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated:  Good, good, thank Joe. And then the second question; a little bit off but on the ethanol side, obviously this has been a home run of an investment for you guys. And you brought at the right time and obviously you’ve recouped all of that investment if I’m not mistaken. But I’m just curious is there a lot of synergy between that and your refining business? I guess where I’m going is that ultimately it's just a flip where you could basically just sell it at a premium and take your profits and walk away.
Gene Edwards:  Yeah. Blake, this is Gene. The ethanol is doing quite well. We produce more ethanol than we actually blend ourselves. It's not necessarily even the same barrels. We try to optimize both. We try to get the highest net back at our ethanol plants and then our marketing operations tries to procure ethanol at the lowest cost. Sometimes those intersect, sometimes they don’t. So I’d say there’s probably not a whole lot of synergy there. It’s roughly run -- they think it could be run in this independent business. We’re very happy with the returns we’re getting now and I don’t think the multiples you would get in case -- because last year, it was basically a breakeven business. This year we made almost $500 million. In the prior year -- 2011, we made almost $400 million. So we’re not exactly sure how that would trade in the market place due that volatility, I think which is good. Also we have a significant tax gain because you have a rapid depreciation, tax depreciation we had on the stout. I think we’re satisfied with investment. We always look at our options too.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated:  Okay, thanks Gene.
Operator:  And we have Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities:  I guess, a couple of questions, so many things have been hit here, but kind of getting back to the crude exports to Canada question, and may be not the exact feedstocks to the refinery or the crude cost this time around. But what much -- how much more progress do you need to more or less convert that refinery to pure North American crude? And then what’s that -- once that is done, is there anything you can do about moving things to Pembroke and advantage ways that something you would want to do in the current regime or do we need changes in the -- either from the President or Congress on that front?
Bill Klesse: So, overall, Roger, we anticipate that by the end of the year Quebec will be running 100% North American domestic crude. You will continue to see volume ramp-up. I mentioned the two step changes that occur, we get our corporate stock in place mid-year that will certainly help and the line 9 reversal, when line 9 reversal is complete and they certainly will be on 100% domestic crude. The Pembroke question is a little bit more difficult. We don’t see that we’ve be looking to export to Pembroke at least any time in the short-term.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then in terms of the bigger projects you are undertaking in Corpus and in Houston to move to using more light. What else are you able to do, maybe just tweaking around the edges, but maybe in the aggregate, how many barrels of light be, you think you might be able to run, say 12 months from now versus what you’re running today or what you ran in the fourth quarter along the Gulf Coast?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I thought we had answered that question back, but there are crude units are -- will an additional 150,000 barrels a day domestic light crude capacity. We believe we have somewhere on the order of about 300,000 to 315,000 barrels a day of crude capacity on the Gulf Coast. But, again, as I mentioned earlier, we have not build all that capacity up yet, so you’ll see the economic become actually compelling, all the logistics get bottleneck, we will approach that number and I think -- I’m pretty confident, we’ll be higher than that number that’s where we are today.
Bill Klesse: And the crude fraction areas our top reserve a 15 project not a 12 months.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities: Right, right. Now understood, it’s too different, I was trying to understand other than the two very large projects, what are some of the smaller things that can happen, maybe on is high-profile but ultimately do have a positive impact? And then, I guess, my last question, cash flow, I think, I actually mentioned at the beginning about twice the amount of capital return to shareholders in ’13 versus 2012. Can you give us an indication of what you would expect or what you would plan to do in 2014? I mean, I know, you don't want to give guidance on a specific number but maybe as a percentage of cash flow versus what we saw in 2013 that we could expect to be directed towards share repurchases, dividend, et cetera.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, we just raised our dividend to a $1 share on an annual basis. So that’s $540 million. And then on top of that our capital budget is $3 billion and then the rest of it is how we conducted ourselves in the past and we take a relatively balanced approach here. We look at our dividend as the year goes on. We’ll look at our investment opportunities and I think you can expect the same actions you’ve seen from us in the past.
Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have Faisel Kahn from Citigroup.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Good morning.
Bill Klesse: Hi Faisel.
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Hi. Just if I get a little bit more, I think, you may have answers this in your prepared remarks. But I’m looking at the capture rates sort of going up sequentially from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Can you give a little bit of breakdown of the -- of what kind of cause that to the increase in the capture. How much was crude-related I guess in percentage terms versus how much was product related?
Mike Ciskowski: About half and this is very general…
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup: Yeah.
Mike Ciskowski: … because each regions get its own specifics and then about half was crude-related, the other you could say was product or RINs related. Things like be able to blend butane, so the indicator is more accurate versus, compared to what we’re actually doing and then RINs coming down. So in general its half was kind of crude related and remainders are mix of things including all that stuff. 
Faisel Kahn - Citigroup:  Okay. And then, just on the ethanol side of the equation, what's your sort of outlook for the rest of the year? I mean, is this something that sort of can be sustained over the course of '14 or is -- are the other factors kind of work against this sort of level of profitability?
Gene Edwards:  Hi. This is Gene. First of all, 2013 was a world of contrast, it started the year at breakeven margins, some of the plants were actually down and the fourth quarter was a really big month where we had like 80% margins. I think if you look at our [divided] numbers out, we averaged about $0.40 margin on -- for the year, which you've started January a little higher than that, but that's about where we are today. It's about $0.40 going forward. How it pans out through those, it's very volatile, because it's a result between ethanol price and corn price which really don't correlate. But, however, ethanol (inaudible) remains pretty low. Our production is hanging right around 900,000 barrels a day. I think demand has strengthened the average under the RFS about 850,000 barrels a day. So we’d normally be in a build situation, but we are exporting a lot of ethanol with lower form factors, lower ethanol prices as a result. We're seeing good export economics. We're filing lower cost ethanol in Brazil in the long markets. So that's what’s keeping the market fairly [snuck] as far as inventories. The only other thing I would add I guess is that the production numbers start to ramp up, you could build from there. But later we always maintain that we have really good competitive advantage, so we've been here in over supply situation, we have -- we fell like we have a $0.20 or so gallon margin, the competitors starts dropping, some of these (inaudible) start to fall back off. So long answer but, lot of uncertainty there. I don't think directionally it's going to be $0.80 margin we saw in the fourth quarter, but something new in the between $0.20 and $0.40 is probably something that would be a reasonable expectation. 
Operator: And we have Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning, guys. There is lots of focus on the light side here, this morning, but Keystone started up last week, actually it’s running at about 40,000 barrels a day currently. I know line fill was primarily light crude, are you seeing any of that in both of those market today? Or if you have your light do you see an ability, potential ability are -- heavy barrels that are increasing storage today that's estimated at over [500 million] barrels?
Gary Simmons:  Yes. The barrels being offered off the line are really being priced at something competitive to Maya in the Gulf today barrels that are coming off.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  (Inaudible) reflects of impact yet from those volumes right?
Gary Simmons:  No, there really hasn't yet.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And do you expect that would take time given the K factor or do you think that might develop sooner?
Gary Simmons: Well, I think, you still -- you know the trouble with getting significant volumes of Canadian heavy to the Gulf is still getting the barrels across the border. So it will make a difference, but I don't know how bigger difference it will make in the Gulf.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: But, obviously, a different question on potential crude oil exports and not on the policy question, but you know you are one of the only refineries that have exported crude off the Gulf Coast. The system has clearly been designed its entire history to import crude. I mean, can you discuss some of the coastal infrastructure and logistic issues that were related for you to reverse those flows and just the system limitations that made pose a risk if there is any loosening of that policy.
Gary Simmons: Well, that's difficult to answer. Some of the challenges we're seeing, I will just kind of go through some of those -- the logistics are still very much a challenge in the Gulf and so some of the issues we've seen is just the barrels that show up at the dock are not necessarily what we are expecting to load on to the ship. So certainly some tankage needs to be built out in the Gulf, ability to be able to segregate barrels better. And that's kind of why we have taken the path that we want to be able to completely control the logistics and load the barrels on over our own dock and at Corpus for that very reason.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And where were you on the quarter on the water exports to Quebec.
Bill Klesse: We need five partners to Quebec in the fourth quarter.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And is that your -- what would be your max run rate is?
Bill Klesse: We can run a lot more than that. At Quebec, really the issue was primarily the logistics are getting the barrels on the water. And then for us the other thing is most of those grades were new to refineries. So we don’t want to send the bunch of crude that they never run before. So those have been processed now. We have the operating history and we can continue to ramp up as the logistics allow.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Right. So logistics being the primary bottleneck there?
Bill Klesse: Yes.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And then just lastly, any comments on Aruba and I know, given change in crude dynamics in the Gulf. Does that breathe any potential life into that asset or any comments there? I’ll leave it there.
Bill Klesse: This is Klesse. There is some interest in the market place but really in the cokers and it’s more tied to upgrading. I would say there’s no interest for processing oil or anything there.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: So do you think more like…?
Bill Klesse: (Inaudible)
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: So a bit more, maybe a second derivative effect, if there is a negative effect toward heavy pricing in the Gulf?
Bill Klesse: I suppose that if heavy oil gets deep enough discounted, you can offset some of the economic disadvantages of low cost natural gas and the other items at cokers. But we got to anticipate that ourselves.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Great. I appreciate guys. Thanks.
Operator: And we have Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Hey guys. Good morning. I have to apologize first because I came in late. So you may have already answered that question. Two question, one, that you are talking about 50% of the margin improvement is crude related and the 50% is imported and (inaudible). When we’re looking at that if we’re saying that, is there any tie-up of one-off operating benefit -- whether you have large volume of distressed crude coker that you’ve been able to purchase that we have been saying that those are better not necessary repeatable into the first quarter or into 2014. Is there anything that you can quantify whether that’s any meaningful among them?
Joe Gorder: I think we’re looking at each other, Paul, and none of us -- nothing comes to mind like that.
Bill Klesse: Yeah. Nothing that’s purely one-off benefit. We’re always in the market looking for distressed cargos and those opportunities change from quarter-to-quarter but it wasn’t -- in the fourth quarter, it wasn’t an overwhelming and meaningful difference versus 3Q or year-over-year results, we are always getting that stuff.
Bill Klesse: On distressed but the discounts themselves were aligned.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Sure. But that is just the market condition. We’ve just have been running extremely well and capturing the market. I’m just talking about anything say somewhat you need and less likely to repeat one-of items on the operating side?
Bill Klesse:  No.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Okay. Second question is that when you are talking about increasing your light oil processing capability and which is what you’re doing. Bill, have you also looked at your system, is there any real opportunity to maybe building some condensate splitter and use it fit into the system that is actually pacing light oil processing because I mean condensate is probably going to be even have a bigger discount.
Bill Klesse: So the answer to the question would be yes. We would look at something like that in the right circumstance. If we are sure, we can add value.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Bill, can you elaborate that, what kind of rising consensus, is that -- the current discount is just not big enough or the yield, or is this a really big investment that we are talking about?
Bill Klesse: Well, we’d be bigger than one of our competitors announced for some other things that they’ve done with the Marcellus or Utica. But permitting and there’s a lot of other issues to come with this, so you have to be comfortable that these discounts will last long enough because the lead time is significant. But these are things that you would expect us to look at.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: Can you give us a roughly what kind of mandatory in terms of, one in metric quantity that you maybe talking about if it the right economic circumstances?
Bill Klesse: No. I don’t have a good answer for you on the actual volume you are asking.
Paul Cheng - Barclays: I see. Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And we have Allen Good from Morningstar.
Allen Good - Morningstar: A quick question on the impact of increase in light crude, you have in your recent presentation slide indicating that deferred yields had moved to 43% in 2015. Does that include all the light crude or projects associated with increasing light crude, or is there a risk there gasoline yields could actually be a little bit higher if you attain all those goals?
Ashley Smith: Allen, that includes what our expected runs are including those new projects. But depending on the margin environment, we are going to always optimize. So actual results could be different. But that’s what was targeted in the overall runs based on our including projects.
Allen Good - Morningstar: And then just quick one on exports. Was there any additional markets that you identified during the quarter with respect to gasoline or [LED] imports or exports that you had previously exported to. I know previously you talked about picking up the market, the European had typically exported to. Was there any further additions there, or same straightforward countries that you’ve typically exported to over the last year or two?
Bill Klesse: There were no material changes to any of the market and we are finding very, very consistent demand for gasoline in both South America and Europe. And gasoline, the bulk of our volume continues to move in Mexico and then into South America.
Operator: And we have no further questions.
Ashley Smith: Okay. Thank you, Sylvia. And appreciate the listeners for listening to our call today. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations S. Eugene Edwards - Chief Development Officer & Optimization and Executive Vice President William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Joseph W. Gorder - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Lane Riggs - Corporate Senior Vice President of Refining Operations
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Matthew Carter-Tracy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2013 Third Quarter Results Conference Call. My name is Chris, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Ashley Smith. Ashley, you may begin.
Ashley M. Smith: Thanks, Chris, and good morning. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Joe Gorder, President and COO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Okay. As noted in the release, we reported third quarter 2013 earnings of $312 million or $0.57 per share compared to adjusted earnings of $1.1 billion or $1.90 per share in the third quarter of 2012. Without the adjustments noted in the release, our reported earnings for the third quarter of 2012 were $674 million or $1.21 per share. Operating income was $532 million compared to $1.3 billion of operating income in the third quarter of 2012 or $1.7 billion when adjusted for the items noted in the release. The decrease was mainly due to lower refining margins across all of our refining operating regions. Our third quarter 2013 refining throughput margin of $7.76 per barrel declined more than $5 per barrel versus the third quarter 2012 margin of $13.12 per barrel. The decrease was primarily due to significantly lower gasoline and lower diesel margins. For example, the Gulf Coast gasoline margin on Brent crude fell 57% from $9.33 per barrel in the third quarter of 2012 to $3.97 per barrel in the third quarter of 2013, while the Gulf Coast diesel margin dropped by $2.74 per barrel or 14% to $16.86 per barrel. Despite the decline, diesel margins were still quite strong in the third quarter of 2013. To capture these strong margins, Valero increased its distillates production by 16% to 1,047,000 barrels per day, which also represented an increase in the percentage yield of distillates versus the third quarter of 2012. This favorable yield shift is mainly attributed to the operation of new hydrocrackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles. Now, also contributing to the lower refining throughput margins were narrower discounts relative to Brent crude oil for light sweet, medium and heavy sour crudes. For a light sweet crude example, the WTI discount fell sharply by $13.44 per barrel from $17.30 per barrel in the third quarter of 2012 to $3.86 per barrel in the third quarter of 2013. Additionally, light sweet crude on the Gulf Coast was more expensive, with the premium for LLS crude relative to Brent higher by $0.66 per barrel in the third quarter of 2013 versus the third quarter of 2012. Heavy sour crude oil discounts also narrowed, with the Maya crude discount, $1.68 per barrel smaller in the third quarter of 2013 compared to the third quarter of 2012. In the fourth quarter, crude oil discounts to Brent have improved versus the third quarter. WTI discounts have widened by $4.46 per barrel, and LLS has improved by $6.46 per barrel, going from a premium to a discount versus Brent. Also, the Maya heavy sour discount has widened by $6.14 per barrel since the third quarter. So refining throughput margins were also negatively impacted in the third quarter of 2013 by the higher costs of Renewable Identification Numbers, or RINs, needed to comply with the U.S. federal Renewable Fuel Standard. The reported compliance costs were $185 million in the third quarter of 2013 versus $70 million in the third quarter of 2012. Given the recent drop in RINs prices, following news of the EPA's potentially favorable revisions to the 2014 renewable volume obligation, we have reduced our estimated cost for complying with the Renewable Fuel Standard to a range of $500 million to $600 million for the full year 2013. Our third quarter 2013 refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day for an increase of 172,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of 2012. Refining throughput volumes were higher due to fewer unplanned refinery and maintenance events and less weather-related downtime. You may recall that Hurricane Isaac negatively impacted operating rates at our Louisiana refineries in the third quarter of 2012. Refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2013 were $3.74 per barrel, similar to the third quarter of 2012. Although natural gas prices increased year-over-year, our higher throughput volumes in the third quarter of 2013 favorably offset the higher energy costs per barrel. Our ethanol segment reported operating income of $113 million in the third quarter of 2013, an increase of $186 million from the third quarter of 2012, mainly due to higher gross margins per gallon and higher production volumes. Production averaged 3.4 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2013 for an increase of 992,000 gallons per day compared to the third quarter of 2012. We increased our ethanol production to capture the higher gross margins available to us. In the third quarter of 2013, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $170 million. Net interest expense was $102 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense was $448 million. The effective tax rate was 27.5%, which was lower than guidance, primarily due to an adjustment in deferred taxes as a result of a U.K. tax law change. Regarding cash flows in the third quarter of 2013, capital expenditures were $557 million, including $78 million for turnarounds and catalyst. We returned $151 million in cash to our stockholders by paying $122 million in dividends and by purchasing approximately 800,000 shares of Valero common stock for $29 million. We ended the third quarter with approximately $3 billion remaining under our stock purchase authorizations. Subsequent to the third quarter, we bought approximately 2.6 million shares of Valero common stock for approximately $90 million. This brings our total year-to-date stock purchases to almost 17 million shares for a total of $675 million. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, cash was $1.9 billion, total debt was $6.6 billion, our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 20.2%, and we had over $5.0 billion of available liquidity in addition to cash. We maintain our guidance for capital expenditures, including turnaround and catalyst, at approximately $2.85 billion for full year 2013 and approximately $3 billion for 2014. So for modeling our fourth quarter operations, you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 245,000 to 255,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be around $4 per barrel. For our ethanol operations in the fourth quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.04 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Also in the fourth quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million, and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the fourth quarter should be around $425 million, and our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter should be approximately 37%. Okay, Chris, we have concluded our opening remarks. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Okay, Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to take my full quota of 2, if I may. So one specific for Valero and one industry, if I may. Actually, I don't know if I missed this in your remarks, but can you quantify, please, how the hydrocrackers contributed to EBITDA in the quarter and if you could put it in the context of the guidance that you had given us for your expected run rate when these projects were underway? And I've got a follow-up on the industry, please.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, Doug. The St. Charles hydrocracker came up in the -- in July of the third quarter and pretty much hit full run rates by mid-August. Both hydrocrackers performed very well, particularly given -- relative to expectations in this margin environment. Specific EBITDA performance, we're not going to provide on these units or pretty much any other unit going forward. We get hundreds of units throughout our refineries, and it's just too tough to reconcile and manage expectations and to audit each of those. So we -- those units have performed well.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But in the context, you did give a specific guidance for what you thought they would contribute. Can you at least frame the contribution relative to that former guidance?
Ashley M. Smith: Yes. It's -- given the margin environment, because the guidance was in terms of a margin set, under certain margin sets, it -- they performed within guidance, within expectations of those -- that guidance.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My industry question -- I'm going to leave it to someone else to talk about riddance [ph], but my issue is on utilization rates for the industry. The context I really want to set here is that we've obviously still got very low feedstock prices, particularly natural gas. But we've also got some refineries that have expanded and refineries that have been given something of a reprieve on the East Coast. So what I'm kind of curious about is your thoughts on overall gasoline capacity in the U.S. against a weak demand backdrop and whether or not you think the weakness we saw on margins in the third quarter could be something about kind of new dynamic that may have us reset or lower our expectations for mid-cycle margins. And I know it's a bit of a broad question but just curious on your thoughts on that.
S. Eugene Edwards: Okay. Doug, this is Gene. In general, I think the margins in the third quarter are getting squeezed. And I think you probably saw some economic running cuts [ph] towards the end of the quarter, in September, primarily, but you also had turnarounds coming into play. But then moving forward in the fourth quarter, I think you got to look at what type of crudes you're running. If you're running imported sweet crude, your margins are pretty bad right now. But on domestic crude, with the differentials blowing out, I think you're seeing better margins in the U.S. And I think you'll see utilization rates in the U.S. higher versus Europe going forward because of crude advantage and the natural gas advantage.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: How does that impact your thinking then about incremental use of cash in a go-forward basis if the margin environment is going to be more challenging? I'm thinking about your decision to move forward with another step-up in your spending.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, I think the margin environment in the U.S. is going to be better. It's going to be squeezed in Europe because, again, the crude -- where you have advantaged crudes, you're going to have better than average worldwide margins. And where you don't have advantaged crudes, you're probably going to be a little bit below mid-cycle.
William R. Klesse: The step -- this is Klesse. The step-up in our spending, let's get it in context from the guidance I've given, is about $0.5 billion, and this is guidance. The market is giving us opportunities in the sense of increased crude oil production at a discount. So the light sweet crude is at a discount to Brent widening. We have the NGLs that are clearly coming to the entire industry, whether it's petrochemicals or refining. And then you look at what we're doing, we're spending a lot of money on logistics because the part of your question actually dealt with exports, let's be honest, and that is a huge part of the future for the refining. So maybe at the most, we're talking about guidance of $0.5 billion, and frankly, we've disclosed this in our last presentation, how it's split out. We gave that guidance. It shows a lot of it's logistics and it's -- being in half is economic. But we're still in this period of time where we're scoping these projects. But in our endeavor to keep you all informed, we told you guys what we were looking at. So that's how we justify. But clearly, in the view of this industry in the United States, as Gene just was speaking, you have to be able to export. And operating rate will be higher because we think that the U.S. industry, certainly between the Appalachian Mountains and the Rocky Mountains, is extremely competitive in the world environment.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: With LLS and Mars prices being soft here early in the fourth quarter, there's a great advantage for Valero on the Gulf Coast and also a strong disincentive to import crude into the Gulf Coast. Could you talk about how these discounted light and medium prices in the Gulf Coast are impacting your crude imports and how you think it might impact the industry as a whole, imports into the Gulf Coast?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, Doug, this is Joe. I mean, obviously, they've backed out our waterborne light sweet imports, and we basically were there months ago. The only time that we brought in any light sweet waterborne imports into the Gulf Coast was when there were distressed cargoes out there that we could buy and take advantage of operating with. So this is not a new phenomenon here. It's just kind of a continuation. If we talk specifically about the light sweets, I mean, we got production -- and it's a fundamental issue. We got production way up, 7.9 million barrels a day, pass-through [ph] inventories are now at 194 million barrels, which is 10 million barrels above last year, and it's at 5-year highs. And although we've seen draws in Cushing that brought them down, we've seen builds over the last couple of weeks. But essentially, what you've got is supply of domestic light sweet crude exceeding demand in the Mid-Continent. And that crude, with all the pipelines that we've been talking about for some time now, flowing to the U.S. Gulf Coast, and it's creating length down there. So it is pressuring those margins. And we expect that, that's going to continue for some time. Medium sour has got to compete for space in the refinery. And Mid-Continent production pushing down there is pressuring Mars, and that's where it is today. And then as Ho-Ho [ph] comes on, and you're going to be able to move more Mid-Continent barrels over to the Louisiana markets, I think you're going to see even more pressure on it. So I think we're in it for an extended period of discounted light sweet crude on the Gulf Coast, as well as solid medium sour discounts. And then I think you didn't ask about heavy sour, but it all ties into the same issue. You've got heavy sour discounts looking very attractive right now. A lot of it has to do with fuel oil weakness because we've got weak Asian demand. And then you've got more supply of fuel oil coming into the market with Middle Eastern and Russian production increases. So the inventories of fuel oil are way up. You've got WTS, which we benefited on discounts improving lately because of refinery outages. And then you have Longhorn barrels. Now they're coming to the Gulf that in the past quarter, were headed to the Cushing market. So you're seeing more medium sour head to the Gulf, but the WTS discounts are coming off a bit. So -- and then you got the K factor. So you've got very solid discounts on your heavy sours, on your medium sours and on your light sweets. And we're starting to see those barrels run through the plants in October, and we're seeing much more significant discounts headed for us in November. So we're very optimistic about where the crude discounts are. Long answer [indiscernible].
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Secondly, you guys have been successful moving Eagle Ford barrels out of Corpus Christi to Québec. And I believe you're permitted to move 100,000 barrels a day. That arb is wide open. Eastern Canada imports about 600,000 barrels a day, light crude. Will more crude move from Corpus, Houston, St. James up to Eastern Canada, given the arbs, where they are today? Could you discuss that and maybe some of the constraining factors?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, Jeff, it is. Yes, you will see more of the domestic crude moving up to Canada. And I think -- I don't know if you know. Gene, I don't know if you know enough about it on how much they can feasibly run up there. I can tell you that for us, we are running Eagle Ford crude in the Québec City refinery today, and we got WTI crude headed that direction. So we're doing what we can to go ahead and move barrels up there, and we're learning how to run these crudes at Québec City as we go. So do you want to speak to the...
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, some of the other refineries up there, they are predominantly medium sour-type refineries. But I imagine they have some capabilities running sweet, but I just don't know what. I'm sure they're running their LP models, and they're trying to optimize that as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Kessler of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I want to see if we could touch a little bit more on this kind of U.S. versus Europe dynamic. Looking, for example, at your North Atlantic margin contribution or operating income, I'm wondering if you could split out that income in the third quarter between, say, Québec City on this side of the pond and Pembroke on the other side.
Ashley M. Smith: Robert, we're not going to break out those details. We report by region, but we're not going to give results by refinery.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Any color you could provide on the market? I mean, your volume guidance for the North Atlantic region for the fourth quarter would imply you're still going to keep the European side running. Where are you relative to kind of cash costs on a crack spread today at that plant? Can you give us some kind of color there?
Ashley M. Smith: We don't have any guidance for you on that, either.
William R. Klesse: I think we'll just stick with the general stuff that you read in the industry, and that is, until this dip the other day in Brent pricing, it was reported there were a lot of cutbacks in throughput rates in Europe. And then there was a cutback, and it says -- in the industry data, everyone says there's some profit in Europe [ph]. Our system is a little unique in the sense as we do try to run an Atlantic Basin strategy and we do have marketing in the U.K. and Ireland. And so we'll leave it at that.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess my second question then, third quarter exports for you of gasoline and diesel out of the U.S.?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. We exported 193,000 barrels a day of diesel and 91,000 of gasoline, and those numbers are looking larger for the fourth quarter so far. We continue to have low inventories. We got a global demand growth, and we got very consistent demand out of Latin America. And so -- and we're seeing it industry-wide and from Valero's perspective. Right now, Rob, the arb -- the diesel arb to Europe is opening, ignoring the RIN, and that's the first time it's been like this here in a while. So we're very optimistic about the ongoing pull of products out of the Gulf to Europe and Latin America.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I think your capacity to export on the diesel side is 280,000, moving to 400,000 or 425,000. When do you move up to that 400,000-plus?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, we've got all these capital projects that Bill referred to earlier, the logistics projects, and so it will be over the next several years. I would tell you, today, we're probably at maybe a capacity of about 325,000 barrels per day for distillate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess kind of taking on with some of the other questions that have been asked, if we look at the light-heavy spread along the Gulf Coast, and this came up on the last call, you kind of believed an 8% discount between the lights and the heavy sours. If we look at LLS, we've kind of stayed in that line, if we look at Brent, it's clearly blown out quite considerably. What is, at this point, given that there aren't much in the way of light barrels being imported to the Gulf Coast, which one is the better indicator? And how do you work around that if LLS is the barrel, but, I guess, you would say the refined products are being priced off of Brent still?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, that's -- we look at Brent as being the benchmark -- this is Gene again, Roger. Brent as being the benchmark, so then you've got 2 components to your margin. You got your feedstock discounts. We're really not running any Brent, obviously. So if you're at Brent today, we've got an LLS discount. It's in the $7 range, and then you add your crack to it. And on medium sours, they're probably more in the $14 range. So you think about a medium sour at Brent, $14, $15, but LLS, it's $7, $8. So it's a -- they're very good numbers, which is kind of what we've been saying all along. A lot of people were concerned that LLS would get cheap, and it would sell cheaper than medium sours. Well, clearly, it's not happening. We're seeing pressure on the medium sours as well.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And as you start to move forward on moving more barrels from the Texas Coast to, say, Eastern Canada or wherever else they may eventually go, I mean, what -- how long before we would see an impact then on kind of Gulf Coast prices having to come up, obviously, reflect whatever the transportation costs are, but come up and kind of meet more of a global price issue? I mean, is that -- can we move enough barrels to Canada? Is there an appetite, let's just say, from the Gulf Coast to get the permits from the Department of Commerce to make that happen?
S. Eugene Edwards: Right. Well, first of all, the arb light we were talking about earlier to Canada is wide open for our facility, and we mentioned, too, that the competitors up there sometimes are medium sour. So they're going to be looking at light sweet in the Gulf Coast. But they're still going to be looking at medium sours, and medium sours are starting to be discounted on an international basis to compete in the Gulf Coast. So they'll have to optimize based on that. You also see the arbitrage at current pricing that you could use a U.S. wide vessel and take crude up to the East Coast refineries. But there's limited amounts of these U.S. wide vessels available. So right now, I'm not sure it does get solved in the short term. I think all these barrels are competing against each other. There's more crude than the market needs in the U.S., but there are market pressures to try to solve them. But there's limitations on all those. So -- and on top of that, you've got more and more domestic sweet being produced every day. I mean, the Bakken numbers, the Eagle Ford numbers, the Permian numbers just keep ramping up month after month. So it's -- I'm not sure exactly how the situation gets solved right now.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, Roger, just to add to Gene's point, we've got the production coming on stream, but it was just this last week that Longhorn started running now at higher rates. I think they are up to 225,000. They were running between 90,000 and 170,000, I think, for some period of time. And then when MarketLink comes on stream later this year, you're going to have another significant slog of these barrels moving out of the Mid-Continent into the Gulf. So the pressure continues to build. As Gene said, higher production, more takeaway capacity out of the Mid-Continent to the Gulf. It's just going to continue to build.
S. Eugene Edwards: And, obviously, the rail economics from the Bakken area to the Coast is wide open as well. So there's a lot of market pressures to try to correct this. The big question is, is there enough of it to really solve it? We don't think there is right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Cowen and Company.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I was hoping to touch on the light oil units you guys are building in the Gulf Coast. I know it's pretty far out, but if there's anything you could share about sort of current pricing, feedstock replacement, differentials that are maybe off benchmark right now that can help us get a better picture of the economics once those start running and help us model it out.
Ashley M. Smith: So Sam, the premise behind these -- there are a couple of kind of toppers at specific units that leverage some other infrastructure at those plants. We're not just doing crude expansions. We're doing it to fill up some downstream units that are currently importing feedstocks. So that's basically it. But it's too soon to give out details, to model it, specifically. We're still evaluating the cases, evaluating the investment needed and the various margins that are going to drive it. So we think they look good but still evaluating. So too soon to get into model specifics.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well, maybe this is a little more near-term. In the past, you've talked about the West Coast. Those assets have been up for review a couple of times. It was obviously a really tough quarter out there this past period. And I was wondering if you could shed any light on the way you're thinking about that asset base now. I don't know, maybe the MLP changes things in terms of what's out there to drop down and remonetize. You might not want to lose it. But what's your latest thinking on that region?
William R. Klesse: Well, it's obvious that we're not making a lot of income or cash flow in the West Coast. And so we're looking at our options and continue to look at them from improved operations. Benicia this year hasn't run very well for the whole year, working there. We work on our cost structure. I think you know we have a rail facility planned at Benicia to run these sweet crudes, domestic crudes, but now we're stuck into an environmental review -- or I guess it's an assessment. And so now that project slipped on us. Where we thought we'd have it done at the end of this year, it's probably the end of next year. So these are the -- we're doing a lot of different things to try to improve our situation. But when you get all said and done with that conversation, PADD V, if we broadened the focus is just long refining capacity relative to product demand, which has not come close to recovering from the prerecession period. And so we just keep looking at all the -- all of the above.
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I mean, I think last year sort of demonstrated that region goes from long to short very quickly. Is there any resistance as far as rationalizing capacity there or it's all up to you?
William R. Klesse: I suppose you mean resistance being from politicians or somebody?
Sam Margolin - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
William R. Klesse: I'm sure there would be resistance. You saw what happened with Tesoro in Hawaii. So that would be. But the truth is, the whole PADD V seems to be 1 or 2 refineries long. So when 1 or 2 refineries go down, you make a lot of money.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two questions. Maybe this is for Gene. Gene, have you railed in any Bakken and WCS into any part of your system in the third quarter and how that looking in the fourth quarter?
William R. Klesse: Joe will answer you, Paul.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, Paul. Yes, absolutely. We have railed Bakken in, and we've railed heavy sour crudes in also. We've got bitumen that has gone into St. Charles, and we're probably doing 20 a day of that. And then the Bakken is actually -- I would tell you all of Memphis' volume is theoretically railed Bakken. It goes down to the U.S. Gulf Coast, to St. James, and then we bring it back up on Capline, but it's railed down there. And in Québec, we started up the rail-loading facility, and that's going very well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You must be [indiscernible] because the Brent and Bakken is like $25 discount on the wellhead. So you can get your hand on. I mean, how much is the total Bakken that you are running? Any rough estimate of that in the fourth quarter?
Joseph W. Gorder: Let me see. I'd tell you it's -- it was -- in the third quarter, it was 130 a day, and that's primarily Memphis volumes. It will increase -- I don't have the number of Bakken versus other crudes that we're going to be running at Québec, so maybe another 40 or 50 on top of that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So call it 200?
Joseph W. Gorder: I'll call it, sure, 180 to 200.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You must be extremely profitable on those. And, Joe, it looked like that the LLS delivery price is even lower that the spot at this point. So when people looking at [indiscernible], say, LLS 6321, it actually is underestimating the margin. Is it?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. It's very close, Paul, but it might be -- I don't know, it might be $1.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then a final one. When I'm looking at that sequentially from the third to the fourth quarter with the lower RIN price and looks like better wholesale margin, so far, quarter-to-date, is it safe for us to assume your margin capture weight [ph] in your system is actually better in the fourth quarter comparing to the third quarter?
Joseph W. Gorder: You're talking about just our income, Paul, specifically?
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On your gross margin, that comparing to the benchmark, you guys provide in your website. Should we assume that the third quarter looked like may have hit the low point at least in the near term, and both quarters looked like it's much better?
Joseph W. Gorder: Right. And that's true. The lag effect in our crude pricing is going to give us better discounts going into the fourth quarter, and it's going to help our economics. I mean, they're significantly better. We saw a little bit of it in October, but we're seeing a lot more of it in November.
William R. Klesse: Yes. The point we're trying to make here, Paul, is you're asking, obviously, for a little guidance here. And what you would tell you is that October generally isn't that much than September. But because of the lag in the system for all us guys in this business, November and December look a lot better. So on a gross margin basis, fourth quarter does look better than the third quarter, but it's lag -- it's a lag.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Perfect. Joe, when I'm looking at your guidance, say, the RIN cost for the full year at $500 million to $600 million. This quarter, you have $75 million; second quarter, $125 million; third quarter, $185 million. So you're suggesting that the fourth quarter is still at $115 million to $215 million, given that the RIN cost seems to dropped down to the $0.30 comparing to the $0.80, $0.85 in the second and third quarter. Are we missing something or is that just that you're being conservative?
Joseph W. Gorder: No. Well, I'll tell you that the numbers I have don't really sync up with the numbers that you just stated. I would tell you that the number that we've got to achieve compliance is probably a lower number than you have.
Michael S. Ciskowski: The year -- Paul, this is Mike. The year-to-date number through September is $439 million. So to get to the $500 million -- the bottom end of the range, you're looking at $60 million.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Question for you on Meraux. I had seen some press reports suggesting there was a rupture at the crude unit, obviously, Ashley has already given us throughput guidance for 4Q. I'm just trying to confirm that there's no major issue or anything that we need to be aware of there.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs. [indiscernible] the crude's back in today. And we're going to be at full rates in about another 2 days. So in terms of forward guidance on throughputs, we're -- Ashley's numbers are fine.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Good deal.
William R. Klesse: I just want to be clear. It wasn't, per se, a rupture. We had -- we were doing maintenance work and we had a stopple, and the stopple didn't hold. And that's what happened. So we didn't have a piece of pipe just break this up. We were doing maintenance work, in which we're looking at our procedures in tremendous detail here as to how that could have happened.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, got it. The second question was on the unloading facility at Québec. I'm trying to see if we can kind of help quantify maybe the potential shift in feedstock. Do you have any kind of clarity you could provide or ways to think about maybe the cost of transporting up there via rail and maybe the discounts you're getting? Any kind of color you could provide will be helpful.
Joseph W. Gorder: Blake, this is Joe. Now you know I can't tell you everything you want to know here, right? But I'll tell you, from a volumetric perspective, the rail facility was available to us in August. And in September, we started ramping up volumes a bit. I would tell you we might have run 15 a day of rail crude in September. By later this year, we will be running 50 a day of rail crude. We've got it set up now so we can take 100-car strings, which is a block, which basically kind of gives you a unit train operation, which is kind of the best economics that we can achieve on this. You know what the rail cost is to the East Coast out of these producing regions in Western Canada. And the rail cost into Québec is cheaper. So I would tell you, if you wanted to use $10 to $12 a barrel, you could probably use that. And you can see what the discounts are for Bakken and the Syncrude over in that market and kind of come up with what the benefit might like look like right now. So in addition to the rail crudes we've got going in there, then we also then we have the waterborne crudes. And I've said earlier, we're moving [indiscernible] -- we're actually moving Eagle Ford and Bakken crudes up there. And we expect that we'll be doing somewhere around 50 a day by the end of the year, so 45 to 50 a day. So we're getting a lot of North American crude into the Québec refinery. And then, we had a call yesterday with our Canadian guys and discussed the status of Line 9. And it looks like everything's going well and the project is progressing. We're encouraged by the fact that some of the reviews, for example, in Ontario, they were going to review the project on an independent basis. They've canceled that review. So everybody seems to be getting more comfortable with that pipe. And at that point in time, we'll probably be running all North -- when that line comes up, we'll be running all North American crude, and Québec will back out to foreign barrels.
William R. Klesse: Blake, this is Bill Klesse, and so this even goes back to Paul's question or maybe I'm trying to manage expectations a little here. There is no question running domestic crude oil or North American crude oil is very advantageous. And we give up on some of that by the costs. But clearly, shipping from the Gulf Coast to Canada is a couple of bucks; the rail, it's in our handout, we have all those rates in there. So I'd say all of this is extremely profitable. On the other side though, the gasoline crack still isn't really that good. Actually, it's crummy. Butane -- we make a lot of other stuff besides just diesel and gasoline and jet. And a lot of those markets are weak. So yes, the crude is clearly an advantage, but some of the other products are not contributing here. So I'm just trying to manage it because I could see with your question, Paul's question -- yes, it's better than it was in the third quarter, but there are things that are negative.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So yes, just coming back to the crude side, I mean, obviously great conditions down in the Gulf at the moment. Are you seeing from, say, some of the medium importers sort of 1.5 million barrels a day comes into the Gulf and I appreciate you're more heavy. But are you seeing some of those medium imports? I'm thinking mainly the Middle East start to try and redirect the cargoes. I mean, how do you think that's going to pan out with the growing supply that's coming down the pipes?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Ed, I don't know. I mean, I don't know that we've seen Middle Eastern cargoes redirected. I know we haven't.
S. Eugene Edwards: No, we haven't. They're really priced [indiscernible] index, which is a complicated dollar. So their prices are based on U.S. basis. But do they have better opportunities to move over to Asia and we haven't really...
William R. Klesse: Historically they have, right?
S. Eugene Edwards: They always have, yes. Still a lot of barrels that needs to clear to the Gulf Coast to put [ph] in those market.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I mean, I guess just thinking about the $8 spread at the moment between, I guess, LLS, is the only decent benchmark we have. How has that changed your thinking about the sort of, I guess, the industry expectations, say, a year ago of sort of $2 to $5 as being the sort of right kind of discount to sort of encourage those to move to other markets?
S. Eugene Edwards: This is Gene, again. When the market gets oversupplied, it's hard to really pick the right number. Why did WTI, the breadth [ph] go to $25 last year? So when it's oversupplied -- so $2 to $5, I mean, to me, fundamentally, is no different than $8. It's just a matter of where the market shakes out. The market is clearly long. It's hard to say what the right number is.
William R. Klesse: So we think -- we still stay to our position that things will eventually evolve to transportation costs. But you have to have what Gene just said, you have to have adequate ways of -- adequate capacity in the transportation area. And until you get that, and what Gene said, what is the number? And yes, are we a little surprised it's blown up this much? Of course we are. But I think, long term -- for long term, it doesn't really change our thinking.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: The -- switching to that idea of transport, I mean, obviously $1.5 billion, I think, is your CapEx for strategic and, obviously, a chunk of that is methanol, but a chunk of that is going to be on the logistics. Could you give us sort of an update on what type of -- I'm thinking, to make it simple, EV/EBITDA that you're investing at. I mean, Obviously, we know the MLPs trade at the high multiples. But what sort of returns do you think you're getting on your organic logistic investments?
Ashley M. Smith: Ed, this is Ashley. We don't have returns for each project. And then you can slice these different ways because, does the refinery get the benefit? Or does the railcar get the benefit? There's a lot of ways you could look at it. And then how will that return then go in. If it was going -- that asset was going to go into a logistics partnership, where do you put the return? Directionally, they're all beneficial. Most of them are pretty high-return projects, especially because they're bringing advantaged crude to refineries. But giving specific returns by each dock, by each railcar, we're not going to provide.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. I'm just fishing to try and help us, say, get an estimate of how much logistics EBITDA you'll have down the road after you've spent a lot of this capital.
William R. Klesse: And it's a fair question. Part of the problem is what Ashley said. The other piece of it is we're very convinced the future in this business, just strategically, is you've got to be able to move stuff around; you got to be able to load ships. And so some of these projects, like our dock at Corpus Christi, we just say we got to have it. The docks at Saint Charles, building a new dock over there maybe, the dock at Port Arthur. We're just saying this is the way the future has to be, just like some of our competitors are saying the same thing. With the MLP, obviously, you have a cost structure that permits them to be dropped at a reasonable rate. So it all fits together, we think, as a management team, very well. But it's hard for us to tell you, as Ashley said, this project yields that, this project yield that. But they're all going to be above cost of capital and they are all going to fit very nicely in this portfolio.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I mean, maybe, one final thing then. Is there a constraint on moving even faster in terms of growing these logistics or spending more money in that area?
William R. Klesse: I don't see us doing that. So I guess it's just our capability to do things. And we think we're doing the right projects now that work on our strategy. So it's not -- we've given you guidance for next year, and that's the guidance we're sticking with.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of questions. First, the capture rate seemed a little bit low in relation to Q3 of years past. And so I think we've talked about how it's going to rebound. But just wanted to see if there were any color you could provide into those results. And then second, this morning, BP highlighted normal seasonal factors. And I think growth compared to capacity is the driver of weakness in global gross margins recently, meaning, exclusive of the positive feedstock points that Ashley, Gene and Joe made about Valero's system in the United States. And so this might be a question for Bill, but I just wanted to see whether you think the recent weakness in global margins is seasonal, cyclical or both? And also whether or not there are any other issues that may help to explain some of these recent global trends?
Ashley M. Smith: Doug, let me start with your capture rate stuff. I'll give a couple of generalities because everyone models differently and has got different assumptions. So it's hard to reconcile subjective stuff like that on an earnings call. But key factors that aren't in a typical indicator are RINs costs, not everyone captures butanes and naphthas and things like that. And those had wild depressed swings in the third quarter that impacted what you would normally see in prior periods when those weren't a factor. Those are probably the biggest ones probably across the entire industry. So -- but any other detail, we'd have to do it one-on-one, because that's [indiscernible] on your model.
S. Eugene Edwards: And Doug, this is Gene. On the global margins, I guess the way we view it is with the new capacity coming on in Saudi and some of the Chinese refineries, that there is going to be pressure on certain refineries in the world to kind of make room for that. And I think that includes some of the Asian refineries in Japan and Korea and Australia, some of those have been rationalizing. And also in Europe because Europe is going to have to make room for not only the U.S. exports but the new Saudi refinery exports and Europe's only advantage is limited to distillate demand and that could be supplied cheaper from other sources. So we think global margins are off a little bit if you kind of look at past 2011, 2012 margins. '13 margins are a little weak or are definitely weaker as you're moving into the fourth quarter. So I guess we could say that pattern continues to next year. And I don't think margin is going to be so bad as they are right now in the fourth quarter, where every refinery in Europe loses money. I mean, that's too far, right? So it's somewhere you'll get some bounce back, but I think you'll see weaker margins in Europe than we have over the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You gave us the product export numbers, which Bill, you said in the past, is really the key to the whole bull case here, given the weakness of U.S. demand. I was interested that you've got more capacity to export seemingly, or correct me if you don't. But given the weakness of, as you said, crummy gasoline cracks, I was wondering why more -- why there wasn't more export, if you like, or what the constraint was on exports and I understand you also said that exports -- less [ph] exports are up this quarter.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. This is Joe, Paul. So economics dictate a lot of our export volume. And so we take into consideration not only the margin that we can get on the barrel that's going out but also then the RIN effect. And clearly in the third quarter, that would have encouraged exports to be as aggressive as possible. The distillate export volume we had was very much what we expect. It is going up significantly in October. And again, with the arb being open to Europe, we're going to see that be much stronger I think in the fourth quarter. The gasoline exports, we moved most of that volume out of our Corpus Christi refinery, and a lot of it's termed up and went into Mexico and some of it went into South America. But that is part of our business that as we look at it going forward, we're very focused on expanding. And so strategically, we have initiatives that we have underway to try to create additional opportunities for ourselves to move those barrels out. But it wasn't there yet today. So even though we've got capacity to export, you've got to have a market to move it into and there's got to be demand for it. And so we moved as much as we could economically move, versus the alternative.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, it's all versus the alternative, Paul. After netbacks and different grades in those different markets. So just -- we're constantly optimizing around that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But I guess what you're saying is that diesel is great, right? You can export it with the RINs [indiscernible] RINs to Europe and so that's maxed out. On gasoline, the alternative is a different -- as a competitor, essentially. Is that what you're saying, that has a lower price than you?
William R. Klesse: I think what we're going to say to you is you're optimizing the refinery to make distillates. Even our distillates are up. And it's not necessarily that we're sparing the cats [ph], but if you look at our operating rates, our operating rates in the whole industry have been -- with the turnarounds that Gene mentioned earlier, have been very good. So operating rates are okay. They've come down some on crude units, but generally they're okay. And so we're making the product slate that maximizes our profit on the back end of the refinery. And so then we have this gasoline. We place it in the domestic market. And some has to go out of the country. As Joe said, some are from our refinery in Corpus Christi. But we're not necessarily sparing gasoline units. But the gasoline margin is poor. So we're optimizing to jet diesel on those strings.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I get that and it's...
William R. Klesse: I know you do.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think -- I just -- to go back to kind of what Joe said, just to reclarify, the -- can you kind of go over again why there's not more gasoline export, Joe? Sorry, I know you kind of answered. But if you could just totally clarify it for me.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Where [ph] would the next 50,000 barrels of gasoline go at? Would it be a loss or would it be marginal economics? That's basically the question. And...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And that would be set by the bid from a buyer abroad?
William R. Klesse: That's right.
Michael S. Ciskowski: And netbacks and shipping.
Joseph W. Gorder: And Paul, remember, I think we had shipping rates that were very high during the third quarter. I think we were $0.115 a gallon versus like $0.075 in Europe or $0.07 today. So there are a lot of factors that come into play. But again, it's economics.
William R. Klesse: Let me add a little side conversation here. So we obviously have export capability. So then it turns into either quality or the refinery economics. And as we run our economics in the refinery, basically we're always in balance, right? Because you adjust operating rate. So we didn't find it attractive to make more gasoline. So I mean it's because of the economics. If the economics for gasoline had been really strong, we would have figured out how make more gasoline.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Just to clarify...
William R. Klesse: And that is the answer. The economics in the refinery didn't drive us to make more gasoline, then the marketing groups dispose of it to the best way they can.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I get it. Just -- I think -- did you say that your export capacity is now 350, because we were running with a 280 number. And if I add the 193 plus the 91 -- the 193 distillate plus the 91 gasoline, I get obviously to 284. But then I think you said your capacity to export was actually 350 or am I wrong?
Joseph W. Gorder: I said gasoline, we would say that our gasoline export capabilities, logistically is 225. And logistically, on diesel, it's 325 today. So the point, I guess, Paul, we're not logistically constrained. It goes back to Bill's point about economics.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. That's exactly what I was trying to get at. Yes, I think I get it. I think it's all an Atlantic basin thing that we're going to have to think about, right. And the RINs you're referring to, obviously, is European RINs, right? In terms of export...
Joseph W. Gorder: No, U.S. RIN.
William R. Klesse: No, this -- we're talking about the RINs, the cost of RINs. So in the U.S., when we sell product to the U.S., we're the obligated party. When you export, you don't have that obligation. So Joe is telling you that works into the math.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. I know to take this off-line, but I'm getting there, it's just so important, obviously, to the outlook, how much we can export and how much we can grow that going forward. Just separately, the DD&A jumped up, even with high utilization, high throughputs, DD&A per barrel jumped up. Is there anything you can add on that?
William R. Klesse: Yes, Paul. Yes, it was up about $40 million from the prior quarter. And it relates to accelerated depreciation that we took on some of our logistics assets, as we were finalizing the financial statements for the MLP. And then we also had Saint Charles hydrocracker startup. So we had added depreciation from that project.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that's not going to be an ongoing? That's not -- we don't, obviously, forecast that to keep growing at that rate?
William R. Klesse: No, no, no. The guidance I think Ashley gave was 425. So it's going to be about $30 million less than what the third quarter was.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: I got a question back on the cost advantage crudes. And in your latest presentation, you have a slide showing the Gulf Coast -- well you got -- you have advantage crudes processed by region. And I was just noticing your Gulf Coast capacity, it looks like it's -- first quarter, second quarter this year is around 320,000 -- maybe 325,000 barrels a day. Do you have that same metric for the third quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Let me see -- capacity -- yes, it's about the same. It was a running -- we estimated capacity to process like light crudes was in 2Q, around 280,000, 290,000. We estimate it's up around 310,000 now for third quarter.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. So are you maxed out in the Gulf Coast at this point on the advantage crudes until Corpus and Houston, those projects come on, or are there just more opportunities to kind of tweak the volumes higher in the meantime?
Lane Riggs: Chi, this is Lane. We still have the opportunity to optimize the domestic sweets versus really, I would say, medium sour imports. And so we haven't entirely used all of our capacity yet to put these domestic crudes into our refineries. We still have some capacity left but -- even beyond these key projects we're looking at.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Lane, do have estimate [ph] on volumes on how much more you can kind of optimize towards?
Lane Riggs: Our capacity right now is around 415,000 barrels a day to run these crudes.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: In the Gulf?
Lane Riggs: In the Gulf.
S. Eugene Edwards: Remember you're displacing medium sours in some of this, though, that we still have better economic [indiscernible] than medium sours. So that's the reason we're only running the 310,000 versus the 400,000 capacities, because we still have better economics on the mediums.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Right. I guess second question back on this RIN issue, Bill, do have any comment on this supposed leaked EPA document? And really, what is the outlook on your end into 2014 and what the mandate might look at. And have you had any discussions with regulators or the administration lately and any feel for how they're talking about next year?
Joseph W. Gorder: Chi, this is Joe. I think the answer to all your questions is yes. I mean, obviously, the leaked information, along with the other things that the EPA has said, have led to the decline in RIN prices. They recognize clearly the blend wall is an issue and they said they are going to address it. They extended the deadline for compliance from 2013 to June '14. And then the leaked memo comes out, it has of the significant reduction in 2014's statutory levels to what they've proposed in '14. Now, that being said, none of us know if this is true or not. But it certainly had the effect of taking the pressure off of the RIN market and that's why we saw a drop from the mid $1.40 to $0.20 or sub $0.20 today. So if we look out, I mean, the EPA gave us a short-term release, if we look out, there has been a lot of activity on the legislative front. And there are many bipartisan groups that are working on amendments, rewrites, essentially, of the RFS. And they're kind of across the continuum as you would expect. Although we think it's poor legislation and it should be repealed, it's really much more probable that it gets amended and it becomes palatable, and it puts the RINs where they should be, which is a compliance tool and not something that economically affects compliance with the RFS. Bill's had many meetings on this in D.C. and other places. And I've had one also. And so we continue to work the issue. And we do think that we're going to get some relief in '14 and hopefully, longer-term, with legislative relief.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. So do you think these legislative actions on the rewrites, I mean, does EPA kind of -- do they just short circuit that effort by just kind of taking the rug out of 2014? And is this just going to be just a year-by-year kind of rolling uncertainty as we go into RFS for the following year? Or do you really believe there will be a rewrite at some point on the RFS?
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay. So first of all, I think the EPA did what they could and then acted within their authority to do what they needed to do for '13, '14, okay? But looking out, I do think that there's enough attention on this issue that you are going to get a legislative fix. I'm hopeful that you are and there are a lot of people working it. So I expect that we're going to see something. I'm not sure when it will be. It certainly won't be this year. But hopefully, we see it sometime in the early to mid part of next year.
Ashley M. Smith: Chi, it's Ashley. I want to clarify on your first question. I was just talking about the light crude capacities and what we're processing. So when you add in the Canadian stuff and this better matches that chart you were referring in the appendix of our slide deck, it has been improving. 1Q was 331,000 a day -- this is all Gulf Coast, 331,000 a day, 2Q is 336,000, 3Q is 346,000. It's mostly light but we're getting some advantaged Canadian heavier stuff, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allen Good of MorningStar.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wonder if I could just come back to the export issue and to get your thoughts on the market, maybe a bit longer term. It would seem that every refiner, including yourselves, are betting on maintaining high utilization through exports. As a result, you're building out export capacity. But if we look at the U.S., it seems like the oversupply will be in gasoline. If you think about globally, it seems like Europe will bear the brunt of the refinery closures, and that's not really a gasoline market. So I'm just wondering, where do you see that extra demand for gasoline coming from, given it seems like gasoline exports will need to increase over the next few years. Is it simply a fact of increasing demand in Latin America? Or do you think you can grow markets elsewhere? And then more importantly, how do you think Valero maintains its market share of exports, considering your peers are really jumping into the export market with additional capacity as well?
S. Eugene Edwards: Okay, this is Gene. As far as Europe not importing gasoline, you're right, they don't. But they do export a lot of gasoline when they run the refineries full out. So I think when you get the rationalization in Europe, they all reduce their gasoline exports in places like West Africa and Latin America to make room for the U.S. barrels, which have a big cost advantage.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And so -- and then what do you think as far as -- with peers increasing as well, do you think there will be enough of that lost supply from Europe really to accommodate all U.S. refiners who are looking to export more product?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, it's more than just Europe. We talked a little earlier about the whole global market. There's also refineries going down in Australia, Korea, Japan, the European refineries. Anyone that has disadvantaged crude without a market. Some of the -- if you're importing crude, exporting products in Europe on LNG, gas -- natural gas. You're pretty much disadvantaged and those are the refineries that will make room for the more competitive refineries.
William R. Klesse: And gasoline demand in Latin America, you've got population growth, you've got economies growing, you've got increased demand, and you've got operations that, historically, anyway, have not been very good. And Mexico, they have decent operations but structurally, they're short gasoline, and they continue to grow. Venezuela's had significant refinery operating issues in the Caribbean, which have affected gasoline supply, and which I don't if it will get resolved anytime soon. So although I think Gene's comments on Europe are right. And I also think we're fairly comfortable that with low cost, efficient refineries in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the natural resources advantages that we're enjoying there, we're going to be able to continue to be very competitive exporters, not only to Europe but also to Latin America.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I could just come back to capital spending, I guess a couple of years ago, it was assumed once the hydrocrackers were completed, that you'd see capital spending fall? Clearly, you mentioned earlier that the market's presenting a lot of opportunities for you to continue to reinvest in the business. If we were to assume that current market conditions hold going forward, do you think your queue of potential projects is deep enough, where we could assume that this $1.5 billion on growth will continue and maybe the $3 billion total for capital spending would be a safe run rate over the next few years? Or do you expect you'll extinguish some of these current opportunities over the next 1 or 2 years, where we'll see capital spending maybe fall back down once we get 3 or 4 years out?
William R. Klesse: Well, we're only giving the guidance for '14. But a big part of the '14 spending is logistics and those projects get completed. And so as they fall off, it remains to be seen. But we think part of our job is to add shareholder value and there are these opportunities. But we are not -- we're not just saying, hey, capital spending is going up, up, up. What we did is we raised our '14 guidance basically $0.5 billion to $3 billion, because really a lot of logistics stuff we're trying to get done. And a lot of it does get done next year.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. If I could just, one quick follow-up. I guess share repurchases fell off in the third quarter. It seems like on your run rate for the fourth, you're back to about, call it, a little bit less than $300 million per quarter. Should we assume that run rate going forward until you extinguish the $3 billion? Or would you look to potentially add to the $3 billion once we get closer to the end or extinguishment of that debt level?
Ashley M. Smith: Allen, this is Ashley. We don't have guidance on how much specific buyback activity we're going to do going forward, except that we do consider that a priority return of cash to shareholders along with a recurring dividend. But we won't provide specific guidance.
Joseph W. Gorder: But just to reiterate what Ashley said in his comments, we spent $675 million buying our shares this year. We raised our dividends. Our dividend's going to approach, I think, $400 million on an annual rate. So that's over $1 billion and we spun off CST. So this management team, for any of the people that are still on the call, this management team has been very focused on returning value to the shareholder.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Carter-Tracy of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Carter-Tracy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one additional question on crude exports. I know you addressed the product export constraints in some depth. But I'm curious as you're looking at both railing Bakken crude into Québec and also shipping Eagle Ford crude by tanker, if there are actually any logistical strengths [ph] that would keep you from shipping more Gulf Coast crude to Québec if the differentials became favorable to doing that?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, on the water there aren't, because we're supplying Quebec on the water today with foreign light sweet crude. So, they certainly wouldn't be on the water. On the rail side, think we're probably going to be maxed out somewhere around 55,000 [ph] barrels a day. But then we're also going to be a shipper on Line 9. And so, those barrels will deliver in -- on the water, but they'll come from Canada. So I would say no.
William R. Klesse: So Joe said that earlier that once all those projects you just mentioned get finished and we said it on previous calls that the Québec refinery is going to evolve into a North American crude-supplied refinery where it used to be 100% foreign, But you'll still have this economic opportunity because you have the hardware. But over the next year, we're still importing crude into Québec. And we've told you guys in the past, we run Saharan [ph] out of Algeria, CPC [ph]. So that means there's probably some West African thrown in there. So they're running out the whole 240,000 barrels a day or so of our capacity there. For the next year, we'll still be an importer of crude because you do wind up with some refining hardware capability here. Eagle Ford is very paraffinic. It gives the whole industry problems in the crude heater. So we -- you do wind up with some processing limitations, which then we all try to address here through hardware. But for the next year, we're still going to run from foreign crude there.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Valero Energy Corporation's management for closing remarks.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thank you, Chris. We thank the callers and listeners for joining the call today. And if you have any other questions, please call Investor Relations. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ashley Smith – Vice President-Investor Relations Joe Gorder – President and Chief Operating Officer Mike Ciskowski – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bill Klesse – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gene Edwards – Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer
Analysts:  Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co. Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co. Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Faisel Kahn – Citigroup Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital Allen Good – Morningstar Research  
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2013 Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Lorissa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Lorissa, good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, President and COO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Okay, as noted in the release, we reported second quarter 2013 earnings of $466 million or $0.85 per share. The results include after-tax charges to general and administrative expenses of $20 million or $0.04 per share and income tax expense of $9 million or $0.01 per share, both related to the May 1 spinoff of CST Brands to Valero's stockholders. In addition, the results include after-tax charges to G&A expenses of $34 million related to various environmental and legal matters. Second quarter 2013 operating income was $808 million versus operating income of $1.4 billion in the second quarter of 2012. The decrease was mainly due to lower refining margins in each of our operating regions. Our second quarter 2013 refining throughput margin of $9.26 per barrel was over $1 per barrel lower versus the second quarter 2012 margin of $10.63 per barrel. The decrease was partly due to significantly lower discounts per heavy sour crude oil. For example, the Maya crude oil discounts to Brent crude oil decreased by $4.40 per barrel from the second quarter of 2012 to the second quarter of 2013. Fortunately the Maya discount has improved by more than $3, over $3 per barrel with July month today discounts to Brent of nearly $8.20 per barrel. Also contributing to the decrease in margins were the lower discounts per medium sour crude oil and light crude oil. For example the Mars crude oil discount to Brent crude oil decreased by $0.69 per barrel in the second quarter of 2013 compared to the second quarter of 2012. For light crude oil on the Gulf Coast, the LLS crude oil was a slight discount to Brent crude oil in the second quarter of 2012 versus the premium in the second quarter of 2013, for an increase of about $1.80 per barrel. In addition, the refining throughout margin was negatively impacted by the higher costs of Renewable Identification Numbers or RINs needed to comply with the U.S. Federal Renewable Fuel Standard. For the second quarter of 2013, the reported cost to comply were a $125 million versus $58 million for the second quarter of 2012. Given the recent escalation in RINs prices, we now estimate our cost to comply with the renewable fuel standard to be in the range of $600 million to $800 million for the full year of 2013. Another factor that affected the refining margins was the higher cost of natural gas. Natural gas prices increased from $2.24 per MMBtu in the second quarter of 2012 to $4 per MMBtu in the second quarter of 2013. In addition to effect in our operating expenses, this increase impacts our cost of sales due to our use of hydrogen, which is produced from natural gas. So far in the third quarter, natural gas prices have favorably decreased about $0.40 per MMBtu versus last quarter. Our second quarter 2013 refining throughput volumes averaged 2.6 million barrels per day, for a decrease of 52,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of 2012, caused mainly by turnarounds and planned maintenance at our Quebec City, McKee, Port Arthur, and Meraux refineries. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2013 were $3.82 per barrel, which was higher than second quarter of 2012 due mainly to higher energy costs. I’d like to highlight several other items in our refining operations. First, the new hydrocracker at Port Arthur has continued to perform well and contribute to earnings. In the second quarter of 2013, we estimate the new Port Arthur hydrocracker contributed approximately $80 million in EBITDA with the throughput rates nearly at capacity and achieving high conversion rates. The contribution is slightly lower than last quarter due to changes in market prices for key drivers such as higher natural gas prices, lower naphtha values, and lower butane values during the summer RVP gasoline blending season. Using 2012 average prices, we estimate EBITDA would have been approximately $120 million. We look forward to the contribution from the recently completed St. Charles hydrocracker, which is essentially a clone of the Port Arthur unit. Earlier in July, the St. Charles hydrocracker experienced a smooth and successful startup and is now running at planned rates. As a reminder, both of these hydrocrackers were designed to take advantage of the current environment of relatively high crude oil prices, strong diesel margins, and inexpensive natural gas. This is also consistent with our strategy to increase production of high quality diesel. Also at the St. Charles refinery, the Diamond Green Diesel joint venture biofuels plant started up at the end of June. Throughout July we have been ramping up rates, this plant is designed to produce approximately 9,300 barrels per day of renewable diesel from low quality recycled cooking oils and fats using refinery hydro processing technology. The project is a 50-50 joint venture between Valero and Darling International, a leading gatherer of used cooking oils and animal fats. Valero’s retail segment reported $39 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2013 prior to the May 1 spin-off of CST Brands. Subsequent to May 1, Valero reported its equity interest in the earnings of CST Brands as part of other income. As a result of entering into long-term fuel supply agreements, CST Brands became our largest wholesale customers. Our ethanol segment reported operating income of $95 million in the second quarter of 2013, an increase of $90 million from the second quarter of 2012 mainly due to higher gross margins per gallon and higher production volumes. Production averaged 3.5 million gallons per day in the second quarter of 2013 for an increase of 156,000 gallons per day compared to the second quarter of 2012. The increase in production volumes was mainly due to the economic incentive of higher gross margins per gallon. In the second quarter of 2013, general and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $233 million. Included in this were pretax charges of $52 million or $34 million after taxes for increases to environmental reserves related to non-operating sites and legal reserves and pretax charges of $30 million or $20 million after taxes related to cost incurred to affect the spin-off of CST Brands. In the second quarter of 2013 net interest expense was $78 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense was $405 million and the effective tax rate was 37%. Regarding cash flows in the second quarter of 2013, capital expenditures were $796 million including $162 million for turnarounds and catalysts. We returned $364 million in cash to our stockholders by paying $109 million in dividends and by purchasing 6.5 million shares of Valero common stock for $255 million. In addition, Valero paid off $300 million worth of 4.75% notes that matured in June and we received approximately $550 million of net cash from the CST Brands transaction. At the end of the second quarter of 2013, we had approximately $3 million remaining under our stock purchase authorizations. With respect to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, cash was $2.4 billion, total debt was $6.6 billion, our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 18.8% and we had over $6 billion of availability liquidity in addition to cash. We maintain our guidance for full-year 2013 capital expenditures of approximately $2.85 billion which includes turnarounds and catalysts. For 2014, we estimate capital spending including catalysts and turnarounds to be in the range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion. Returning cash to stockholders remain a high priority and we are balancing this with opportunities to create value by strategically investing in logistics assets, hydrocracking, petrochemicals, and processing cost advantage lighter crude oil. Our premise is to capture the competitive advantages provided by the growing supply of cost advantage crude oil and natural gas in the U.S. and Canada. Along these lines we are also evaluating potential petrochemical investments that will leverage our existing assets to upgrade the value of abundant and growing supplies of natural gas and natural gas liquids. Lastly, we are evaluating the formation of a master limited partnership for our logistic assets. If for modeling our third-quarter operations, we should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges; U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.5 million barrels to 1.55 million barrels per day; the U.S. mid-continent at 420,000 barrels to 440,000 barrels per day; the U.S. West Coast at 270,000 barrels to 280,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 470,000 to 490,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter to be around $3.85 per barrel. For our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total production volumes of 3.45 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon which includes $0.04 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. Also in the third quarter we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $160 million and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the third quarter should be around $420 million and our effective tax rate in the third quarter should be approximately 35%. Okay, the rest that we have concluded our opening remarks, we will now open the call to questions. During this segment we request that our callers limit each turn in the queue to two questions. After those two questions callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Good morning.
Joe Gorder:  Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Sure, they’ll probably be a long list of these, but I wanted to start with RINs and one of the struggles I am going through is, our blenders passing through the cost of rents into the retail prices, does it vary by region, what are the major considerations with regard to whether or not these RINs cost are getting passed through to the retail well?
Joe Gorder: Well Jeff, this is Joe. I mean, it’s a great question. We’re trying to figure the same thing on ourselves. And I would tell you that we look at it on a regular basis and it’s very difficult to quantify whether or not we are seeing the effect of the RINs in the cracks.  We think we might be able, but we’re not 100% sure. I do know that if you look at our customers, there are some out there that are able to capture this and there is some that aren’t and everybody is interested in somehow capturing this and the real question for us going forward is, how much of this actually gets pass through into the marketplace and how much doesn’t because it’s a legitimate expense for us as we have mentioned $600 million to $800 million, it’s a big hit and we’d like to be recapturing it, we’re just not sure whether we are or not.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co.: There has been press reports that have talked about blenders in the Gulf Coast reducing the price of blended gasoline in order to try to shift more gasoline sales through the blended stream rather than selling all RBOB and perhaps in the colonial pipeline and then it gets blended up in the Northeast. Have you seen evidence of this activity on the Gulf Coast? I guest the risk is, if you discount your blended gasoline, you loose the value on your traditional gasoline blended sales and I don’t know how much you might be able to shift over from RBOB sales to blended sales?
Mike Ciskowski:  This is Ciskowski. I’m trying to get a handle on this issue, it’s obviously very difficult. Joe gave you a couple of our perceptions as to the market and our estimate of costs. I guess I need to remind you that we’re no longer in the retail business. So we're not focused on the street that CST Brands and our other operations. So we're a wholesaler. Valero is obviously trying to pass the tool where we can. We're obviously trying to recapture it where we can. Our opinion is we’re getting some of it in the crack, but we're not getting all of it and now we can have a debate whether we’re getting 50%, 25%, but we think we're getting some in the crack, but not all of it. And then, but having said all that Valero is going to maintain a competitive or be competitive to our wholesale branded customers where we capture the risk. And we will stay competitive and as if in fact the street and these other people are taking it on the street. We’re going to be competitive to our customers – for our customers.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Jim.
Bill Klesse:  Thanks, Jeff. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley:  Hey, good morning guys.
Bill Klesse:  Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley:  First question just to follow up to kind of keep the RIN conversation moving. I know Bill, you've been front center in the RIN conversation and I read portions of your testimony in Washington last week. My question is, as you run your system do you make operating decisions based upon a fully loaded kind of RIN economic analysis of each asset. So the question is, would Valero or the industry potentially see economically induced RIN cuts based upon RIN cost and margins et cetera, particularly as you move into the seasonally weaker fourth quarter?
Bill Klesse:  So that’s a perspective question. Today, with the gasoline cracks where they are at the peak of the gasoline season, and we are primarily talking about gasoline.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Yep.
Bill Klesse: Then I would say that you are not seeing it, because we have good cracks. But the part of that question was, do we include that in our economics, and the answer is yes. And so, as we look down the road, end of the fourth quarter I don’t know what the world will look like, but it is turning into a cost to manufacture for our company, certainly for the independent refining segment of the industry.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Great. That’s helpful. Thanks. And for second question on CapEx, I know this is the first time you’re providing 2014 CapEx, which looks flat, [ex-] CST to 2013. Can you discuss how you think about overall CapEx levels, the new project returns versus potential share buyback and I guess this will be outside of MLP-able assets?
Bill Klesse: Well our goals continue to be, as I’ve stated over the years, we’re going to maintain a safe operation. We’re going to maintain our investment grade rating. We’re going to hold a little more cash. These are the things that I have continually said. We are investing in reliability. We think in this world you have to be reliable. So what the company can do to support our people in the refineries by investment we’re doing. But then, this is a long-term capital investment business. And the marketplace has given us these opportunities because I know people are questioning methanol and you see some comments on petrochemicals. So the marketplace has given us this, given us lot of natural gas, giving us the potential from very inexpensive butanes, which obviously can be converted to gasoline, and Valero has the wherewithal, the expertise, the talented people to be able to construct and operate these type of plants. We have sustainable competitive advantages by extensions and bolt-ons to our existing assets and these are sustainable. So [I’m] getting to be an old guy and I look at what management does, and I think part of management’s job is to take our cash flow and look at our alternatives. Do we have projects that will give our shareholders value, growth, over the long-term, and if we do and we look at our stock and how we think our stock is priced, but if we do have these, then we should presume for our shareholder, and if we don’t, we return cash. I think this management team has done a very good job at this, frankly. Over the years we bought a lot of our stock. There was a lot of stock issued in the acquisition period of Valero’s history and we’ve bought a lot of stock back over the years. We raised our dividend. We got caught by the Great Recession just like a lot of people and had to regroup. But once we got past 2009 and 2010, we’ve gotten back on the same path we were on before of returning cash to the shareholder. We do continue to think our stock is inexpensive and we know that many of our shareholders are looking for yield anywhere they can get it. But we do think the marketplace has given us some opportunities. So, we match it all up. We bought in the last 2.5 years 41 million shares. We spent about $1.2 billion around share repurchases. I’ll probably get criticized from a few guys because some of those shares we brought at high year prices. We raised our dividend numerous times, and I’ve made comments to the investment community that when we have the hydrocrackers done, management will look at the dividend and make a recommendation to our Board. So we’ve done that. Methanol has, actually it’s gotten some feedback from some of you that are questioning that. Well, Valero is very uniquely positioned at our St. Charles refinery. We have a lot of hydrogen production capability. We can pull this syngas of these plants. We can build on ethanol plant for half of what the grassroots methanol plant can be built (inaudible) and with all the hydrogen capability of our own plants and third parties, we think we have an opportunity here to add significant shareholder value. So I feel strongly that this is our job and whether this or alkylation or adding some crude capacities around light sweet crudes, which we don’t have at some of our plants. We certainly don’t want to be buying feedstocks when I am absolutely certain. The light sweet crude is going to be very long on the Gulf Coast. These are the type of jobs I think that are clearly in our shareholders interest, but it has to be a long-term thought process because basically just about anything we are doing anymore with permitting and it now takes us four to five years. So that’s kind of how we look at it.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley:  It’s really helpful. If I just, a quick follow-up and I’ll leave it there. Within 2014, I guess for CapEx, I mean the categories are spending similar to 2013 in terms of growth versus maintenance and your MLP-able EBITDA growth rate if you will?
Joe Gorder:  Yes, because some of those projects we’re talking about, we won’t spent that much anyway. We get the railcars coming in, the logistics is still. All those projects are still significant part of that spending as next year.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator:  Thank you. The next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC:  Hi. Good morning, guys. Two questions for me on transportation economics and logistics assets, one on barge traffic. Your recent presentation highlighted 20,000 barrels a day to 30,000 barrels a day in barge deliveries in the Gulf Coast. I’m curious if you have any more color on the pace of increase there and from where and to where you’re moving? Presumably you are moving kind of west to east. But I’m curious if the volumes have picked up and what you are seeing in the market for barges on the coast, are you getting into a tight market situation there? And then, I’ve got a question about railcars as well.
Joe Gorder: 
, :
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC: Okay. Yeah, thanks for that. And if you wanted to pickup additional barges say in the spot market, your senses that would be available for you?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I think in the spot market, it is a snug market, okay. I mean barges are being highly utilized and Jones Act vessels, which you could move products for crude on are very tight, and the prices have gone up on those. So there is not an abundant supply, but what we are seeing is and hearing from the barging companies is they have got so many barges under construction that we are going to find ourselves inadequate supply going forward.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC: Okay, thanks for that. And then on the railcars, obviously the changing dynamics of this spreads of light has let’s say, marginalized railcar transportation economics in the short-term, and just putting that in context with your capital program, you have previously stated plans for significant expenditures on railcar purchases, I think in fact that 850 million, it’s the single largest of the spinning bucket you have outlined in your investor presentations, and I know that that’s for optionality in feedstock in the like, but it sort of brings a question about the possibility of marginalized railcars sitting idle in the portfolio down the road. How do you think about that potential scenario in your overall capital budgeting process?
Bill Klesse: Well, there are two things I would say. You are right. The volume has come off and a lot of it has to do with what we have seen with WTI coming in so tight and that’s affected it, that’s going to vary. And we expect that discount will open up again. So the thing that we give with railcars is, you get tremendous optionality and where you move volumes and we are railing, we are actually railing now some bitumen down to Port Arthur, and that wasn’t in our plan, but we have been able to get that and we are taking it across at commercial drop down or a commercial terminal down there. If we look out a little bit longer-term, Valero has over 6,000 railcars that we currently lease. We use them to move asphalt, we use them to move LPGs, what we’re adding to our fleets, worst-case scenario, we would go ahead and displace these leased railcars and use the ones that we purchased. So we still feel good about our decision to go ahead and get these cars. I guess the fact that we have leased cars provides us a hedge on the downside, but we fully expected as these markets go back to a more normal pricing, which we expect WTI discount to go back out to $7 relative to the Gulf Coast, Bakken open up again, and I think we are going to see more normal discounts, which will put the railcars right back in the market.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC: Understood, thanks Joe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Good morning everybody.
Ashley Smith: Good morning Doug.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Bill, returning to your comments few minutes ago about your meetings with Congress last week, and specifically on the renewable fuel standard, I wanted to see if you would comment on whether you feel that the industry is making progress in this area, and having its position understood, and any of the guidance for consumers, and also any updated opinion that you may have on whether changes might be ahead in this area, and also what you think there might be, just kind of a progress update on where we are headed with this?
Bill Klesse: Well, I think everyone on the call understands the RINs issue, and your assumptions when the 2005 and then the 2007 law were passed are very different today than before. The issue boils down to just a few things cellulosic is not available. That is not on the EPA's website, everyone says there is going to be a little cellulosic production this year, but it's totally uneconomic as well. I think it was clearly, let's pass the law and they will come, and it hasn't happened. The other part of the regulation that is clearly you pass part of this advanced biofuels in the sense of the ethanol fees and this, so you get cellulosic. Then the other part of it is, it encourages you or you have to buy Brazilian sugarcane ethanol or somebody sugarcane ethanol. We have a law that encourages you to import over producing domestically. And then on top of all of this, gasoline demand has not continued to grow. It's actually down and now flat. So the whole thing is screwed up and that's why, I said the other day it needs to be redone. And I'm supporting the industry position. I accept that. It needs to be done, redone because Valero is a little bit unique, and that we are a significant ethanol producer and we are also a significant renewable diesel producer. So we think E-10 is part of the fuel mix. We think E-85 is part of the fuel mix. We have no issues with renewable or bio-diesel. We think that's all fine. Some of this technology is pretty damn good. But the EPA solution of going to E-15 is not practical. There are no facilities. Even the service station people are saying they don't know about their tanks and lines. That is no, hardly any certified pumps and you have the car warranties. I understand some of the 2013 car warranties saying, it's okay, but there is a whole lot of culprits out there besides this. So the whole thing needs to be redone.
, : So where do I think, it’s going? Well, the EPA doesn’t seem to be able to do anything, and so it’s a White House or Congress conversation, and the only way the White House will move is they get enough political pressure frankly from consumers, because at the end of the day, the consumer is going to pay for this.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: All right.
Bill Klesse: And they get enough pressure from consumers or the option that you see happening, and there will be some bills introduced here is over in Congress and the House and in the Senate, where people are at least understanding that this, the basis of the law are not appropriate anymore, yet there will be some compromise, so I am optimistic.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay.
Bill Klesse: That we are going to get something out of Congress and then the President will have to make a decision that is it backtracking or is it just fixing a problem. The earlier question is the realty, this is very unfair in the street, because you have winners and losers at retail and clearly in the refining segment, this is hurting the independent refiner, it is not hurting the majors. So you are actually hurting the independent guys. And it's that what you really want to happen, so I think we will get some congressional action, but I am not sure you're going to see anything this year.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  Okay, and then on methanol, I mean the outlook for that business is pretty positive for the next several years. And you’ve talked about some of the rationale for the new plant, but I want to see if you elaborate on the competitive advantages, and the synergies that you referred to with some of your existing operations? And also what you guys plan to do with the product once you manufacture, I’ll recognize that it’s a way down. But if you can just kind of cover those that would be great?
Bill Klesse: So now you're jumping from the ethanol business to the petrochemicals?
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  I am.
Joe Gorder:  Ethanol to methanol?
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  Yes.
Bill Klesse:  Yeah, from ethanol and methanol, okay. Because we think on ethanol, we just think it is fuel mix and we think we have a decent business there. And our people are doing a fine job. So I remember the old saying because renewable fuel, old saying, the renewable fuels association, 'Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered'. We got a good business there and everybody corn prices are up, farmland is up, it's part of the mix, it's accepted by the consumer, so I think some balance needs to get worked into this. On methanol, because we have our own hydrogen plants at St. Charles, we are able to strip the sun gas before we finish and make hydrogen. We can take this sun gas, so we really don't have to build the front-end of methanol plant.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: All right.
Bill Klesse: And because there is a lot of supply capability and additional capability from an individual plan, when you look at the whole steam sink everything that you have around this. This is why I am saying we think that we will be able to build those plants for about half of what the grassroots plant 60% of the grass-roots plant. The other thing is we used to be in this business. We’re in a joint venture down in Houston. We had managed our shutdown when natural gas prices were going up. Obviously it was part of the MTBE business as well and use methanol to do that. But methanol is a way to move methane in a liquid from, if you think about it. And so, we just think it’s a nice little bolt-on and we’ll develop it little further. But we felt it’s important to get it added into our marketplace, and Valero was looking at this.
Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: Hey, guys. Good morning. Maybe this is for Joe or may be this is for Bill. Bill, I was looking at, I’m trying to understand between the difference in the ethanol business, how you invoice your customer and in terms of, say, in the reformulated gasoline, when you invoice it you will have, say, what is your charge for the alkaline and what do you charge for ethanol as the price, Bill? If then we really plan that much different that we can’t move into the same system related to RIN. I mean that you could have two invoice if your customer want to buy the coupon reformulated gasoline including ethanol. So you will have to invoice that with the (inaudible) and then also separate item as ethanol. If they just want to buy the niche gasoline with alcohol, with our ethanol, so you have that and then you have a charge off the RIN given that every single refiner who sell to someone with our ethanol have to pay for that RIN.  It seems now it’s just part of the parcel, possible yet. By doing in this way you have the benefit to crystallize and make it very transparent, what the consumer ultimately is paying for then, and as we say, Congress is not going to do anything until that they get the topic outlined from consumer, and perhaps we will help the process. And secondly that is also making, I think that water usage so that we'd don't get confused that these investment community that how much is being possible or not possible? So, if there are any hurdle or obstacle – why the industry and including you guys as the leader why not moving into that
Bill Klesse: Well, I will let Joe and Gene add to this, but remember when you blend, that's when you can separate the RIN, theoretically the RIN has no value till you blend it. Now it all of a sudden the value, and because we can't get – if you don't count the carryover from 12, because you can't get to the mandated volume, you’re short of RINs in the market. So you are just short. Now I understand you're asking about a whole pricing mechanism here, but RINs have taken on the life of their own, they are a market in and of themselves now. And then at the rack, you have to be competitive. We sell ethanol at the market price, we sell gasoline at the market price, and so if the whole industry moves to some different pricing relationships, I'm sure you're correct, but unless the industry moves you can’t capture it.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: That seems – yes, exactly what happened in 2005-2006, when we start moving into the ethane, there is a lot of confusion and you will never would expect to go ethanol, it’s a separate item in the invoice. But by 2009, I think the only industry moved, I’m just curious that you said anything stopping because everyone selling to their customer without the attachment of ethanol need to recuperating. So it seems like that is also fair because the stand that the guy that were buying the fuel, reformulated gasoline and they don’t pay for the RIN?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I mean Paul, Bill answered it I think correctly.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  You guys have an answer to this?
Joe Gorder: No, I don’t have.
Bill Klesse:  It’s a competitive process and if you try to keep the RIN and other suppliers that’s in the terminal is going to give the RIN to the customer, you are uncompetitive, so it’s all got to balance out, it’s a very fungible market out there, whether it would be the spot level or ethanol level.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: No. I understand that. What I am saying is that, you’re making it crystalline and transparent for everyone to see and to know that what is that priced at they are paying and so we don’t have the confusion.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I think it’s something we can kick around Paul, clearly we are just not there yet and we got to think through what the competitive implications are.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: All right. On my second question then, can you just give that the $2.5 billion, $3 billion for next year for the CapEx, is that new norm for the Company going forward, and at least for the next several years. I mean I think last year that we have been talking $1 billion, $2 billion, $2.5 billion, so is that now changed into this $2.5 billion and $3 billion and if that’s the case how is that impacting in terms of your outlook on raising your recurrent dividend payout?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I have never given longer term guidance than about two years out, I have said and I have thought 2014 would be in the $2.5 billion range previously and all we have done here is say, hey, it’s $2.5 billion to $3 billion. So to me, we’re still in the range, we are still in our budgeting for next year. So whether it is the new norm or not, I don’t know, I think it depends on whether or not we believe we will add value through some of these discretionary projects. I have said several times that our stay-in business, when I call the whole making an agenda to business, turnaround, regulatory, all of that seems to run somewhere in the $1.6 billion to $2 billion range. And then on top of that we add this discretionary area. But your main question is, it's bout returning cash to the shareholder and I think that if we have projects that add greater value, we're going to presume and if we don't we're going to return the cash to the shareholder and I don't see that as one big change from what this management team has been doing.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning.
Joe Gorder:  Good morning, Roger.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess may be just to change the subject a little bit. Light-heavies obviously had an impact on Q2. Can you help us understand as we're looking at Q3 where if you measure by LLS, light-heavy spread is pretty attractive. If you measure it by Brent WTI not so much, kind of what you're seeing move out there and what do you think really will sort of drive the market here over the next or let's just say, through year-end in terms of the most important marker on the light side of that argument?
Joe Gorder: You mean which would be more important like a Brent or an LLS or TI?
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah and maybe how LLS fits in, in terms of driving the Gulf Coast market there.
Joe Gorder: Right, so Roger, if we think about what's happened in this quarter, we obviously we had Brent WTI coming in a material way. We saw LLS move out and get priced at a more significant premium to Brent. I mean a lot of that has to do with the simple fact that, if we ended up being shorter in the Gulf Coast on light sweet crudes, than perhaps the market anticipated. And we’ve said all along that the pricing of sweet crudes in the Gulf is going to be dependent on the quantity of domestic crude that’s there, and we saw that we did have a bit of short supply, and there is a host of reasons for it. I mean, we had Syncrude outages in Canada that reduced the volume. We got BP Whiting still running light sweet crude, which has supported Bakken prices at Clearbrook. Bakken is pricing up in the field, that’s an LLS plus transportation or adjusted for transportation, which is making it expensive. But it’s expensive because it was in tight supply. So I think as we look forward into the third and the fourth quarters of this year. We are going to have more takeaway capacity out of Cushing and out of the Permian is going to bring those barrels to the Gulf, okay. I think that you will see more volume coming on-stream and moving into Cushing, so the inventory droughts that we saw will probably stabilize here a little bit. And so what’s that due to the overall crude markets, well, I think you’re going to see the light sweets, I mean our view is that LLS will trade down, and we will trade at a discount to Brent. Longer term I think we’ll see the WTI spread back out to maybe a $6 to $8 discount. And I think we will see the medium sours will adjust and priced themselves into the refinery. And then we’re getting some relief on the heavy sour discounts now, the Mexicans have adjusted the K factors aggressively as they can over the last several months, and they have adjusted a $1.90 and that will take affect on August 1, which will increase the discounts on the Maya, which effects of course all the other heavy sours. So I think as we look at the, we saw all the discounts on crude come in, in the second quarter. I think we’re going to see them start to move back out in the third and the fourth quarters.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC:  Okay. That’s helpful. And the unrelated second question, probably more for you, Bill, getting back to the CapEx versus dividend versus share repo evaluation, what are the rough returns you are looking for or what are the various ways you analyze what makes the most sense for Valero to do at a given moment in terms of investing in the methanol plant versus, say, a more aggressive share repo program or accelerated, maybe I should say rather than aggressive? 
Bill Klesse: Well, so many of these plants are bolt-ons or extensions of our business. Because you’re capitalizing on the whole refinery that’s already there, these returns all are north of 25%, on all of them. These are IRRs. So, and we get into a huge conversation here, what is our cost of equity and I’ve even had it with a lot of you that are on the call, and so we look at it and we try to balance and what you’ve really seen with his management team and I keep going back to this is we’ve bought our shares every single year that we’ve been of this as part of this management except 2009 and 2010. And the other component here is next year we only have $200 million of debt that matures and year after that we only have $500 million of debt that matures. So we also see that we have ample cash flow coming out as well. So, I think some of these projects are very good returns. We look at that. We look at where our equity is priced. It’s obviously down from where it was and don’t forget we spot out for the shareholders of CST as well. So I think we’re very shareholder focused here. The only caveat I really stick on is it’s long-term. You got to think we’re looking at long-term shareholder value, not tomorrow afternoon.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Bill Klesse:  And we want a dividend that sustains, that we can sustain.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So when you are looking at the share repos, not necessarily – it’s more a free cash flow driven than it is a return analysis, summing in other words, you are not going to worry so much about the share price at a given moment as you are, that’s part of what you are doing or is it more to within that?
Bill Klesse: That would be correct. Back couple of years ago, we made a decision. We weren’t going to buy any refineries, because we thought they were too high priced and we turned around and had a very significant share repurchase. So, yes, we have free cash flow. We have enough cash where we said our cash position is solid. We are going to maintain this investment grade rating. Then, yes, we are going to return the cash to the shareholder.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, fellows. Good morning. Bill, maybe I could just change talk again a little bit to the MLP. I know you’ve kind of suggested now that you are probably moving forward here, but you spoke to this $50 million to $100 million of EBITDA, but as we look through your presentation, but there was a fair amount of MLP related expenditures. So can you help us a little bit with how you see this scale about EBITDA ultimately and what the kind of timeline is to get there?
Bill Klesse: Well, we have said and I think this was 2012 assets kind of where we had $50 million to $100 million of EBITDA and that’s probably the range of where we’re looking to go out initially. And as, Mike Ciskowski running this project for us here and he tells many that getting everything done, this is probably a first quarter of 2014 projects subject to of course our Board. And then, so we’re doing all of that. Obviously we’re adding a lot of projects, pipelines, railcars, terminal enhancements, so rail facilities to unload and all of these assets are MLP-able. What we have said is our focus would be in the sense of a terminaling and distribution MLP, because some people has asked us about other assets and we said, well, our focus is more there. But obviously we have put many more potential dropdowns going forward.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then you want to be drawing in a number, Bill, but just to keep it contacts. Obviously you’re spending about $1.7 billion over the next, it says five years in the presentation, but it is really five years or is that a little quicker than that?
Bill Klesse:  It will be quicker than that.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great stuff. We can figure it out from there. Last one from me though is to go back to the RIN question and it’s really, just on your guidance that you gave for the full year. If I’m not mistaken you’d talked to the $500 million to $750 million before, but RIN prices were like $0.75. Now they’re up 60% from there and you’re barely above the top end of that range in your guidance. Can you help us understand why we’re not getting kind of proratable impact and it sounds like there will not be a lot of change in your cost even though the RIN cost has doubled, and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, part of it has to do with where we bought these RINs and our position in the whole process, plus there is assumptions in our numbers as to export volumes, how much we’re capturing and all of that. So that’s based in there as well. But this is the range that we’re operating in now, $600 million to $800 million, but clearly if it’s $1.50 a RIN, we’re at the high end of the range. So, but we’re only in July.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right, but what I’m trying to figure out is that, your previous range where the high end was $750 million and the RIN price was $0.75. Now the RIN price is about $0.36 and your high end is only up $50 million. So why only such a modest increase?
Bill Klesse: Well, obviously at the high end, I had a range of [$0.04] I mean, I was probably at the low end. So I think you just have to accept that we’re not misleading you. This is how we are viewing it. You guys are asking us for guidance and I’m saying to you, okay, $1.36. I always use $1.48 or something, but these higher numbers will be at the high side of our range. It has to do with our position as to when we bought a lot of these. So there is a serious timing component and volunteer.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So this is for 2013. Does it change the markets in 2014? Does it change significantly?
Bill Klesse: Absolutely, it will change. Remember when we first started this, they were $0.75, and in January or February they were still $0.05 and then they started moving up. They went to $1. They pulled back to $0.60, $0.70. Then they got back. But next year it would be a much larger number at $1.50 a RIN.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Right.
Bill Klesse: We’ll get into the conversation, well, how much a RIN is going to be in 2014, because you’re totally unfeasible.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Okay. I’ll leave it there, Bill.
Bill Klesse: No, seriously because you have the carryover from 2012. So that’s the big debate this year, but you’re going to have to carry from 2013 into 2014. You can carry in 20%, but there are going to be enough rooms around. So all the way it’s totally not feasible next year.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, Bill. Thanks a lot. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. The question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Bill Klesse: Hello, Paul.
Joe Gorder:  Good morning, Paul.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Howdy. Thanks, well, for the CapEx guidance, early CapEx guidance. We appreciate that. Bill, you mentioned really part of my question, which was the $1.6 billion to $2 billion that you have the ongoing stay-in business CapEx.
Bill Klesse: So our DD&A is running on about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, at $1.7 billion, and I think it’s very unrealistic to assume we don’t have to spend DD&A or maintain our assets.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Let’s see. I mean effectively one way of looking at this has even effectively doubled your growth CapEx at the margin, but we’re coming of two huge projects in the past year or so that have come online. I’m just wondering what the components are of the new relatively high number for growth CapEx. Could you list the biggest on several projects that you’re going to be investing in? Thanks.
Joe Gorder:  Yeah, Paul, the best guidance we can provide right now about those details would be on slide 19 of our latest IR presentation, which we presented earlier this month and that’s focused on 2013, but the 2014 details are largely in line with that. As we get later in 2013 and we complete our strategic planning process, we’ll be able to hung that and give you the specific chunks, but it’s very similar. We also have specific continuation of spending on existing processes or existing projects. And keep in mind, as Bill said earlier, they’re long-term projects. I know it takes you guys a second to update your model, but it actually take years to get permit and construction and do all these things and to spend the money. So, in order to achieve the returns Bill talked about earlier, it does take some time and that’s why there’s generally going to be continuation of existing projects.
Bill Klesse:  And then on slide 32, in that same hand out we gave a little EBITDAs with some of the projects as well, okay. So if you can teach together how we’re looking at them.
Joe Gorder:  We’ll update that later this year as we go through our planning process and complete that.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I think that you’re referring to Deutsche Bank models. By the way they’re actually with Deutsche – you’re looking for from a planning. So thinking about how you decide on these investments, I’m looking at your cash flows that are low in 2009 of little bit under $2 billion, maybe last year $5 billion. Is that how we think about it, and we’ve been asking this question in various ways on this call obviously, but I’m just wondering another way of looking at this is that you’ve doubled your – effectively doubled your growth CapEx to the margin against the expectations. You could have effectively doubled your free cash flow, especially in a high risk RINs environment. I’m just trying to drill down into why you’re spending so much money basically. Thanks.
Bill Klesse:  Well, if you look at the logistics capital, it's kind of being intact, so in place and I'll just try to add clarity here the place where I'm sure some of you guys are wrestling with is in this whole petrochemical methanol area, and our view is that the marketplace is giving companies like us a huge opportunity that add a lot of value for our shareholder. We expect low cost natural gas, that's why the hydrocrackers looks so good.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you. For the years, you are assuming Bill that $4?
Bill Klesse:  No, that’s up $5. We think the number needs to be a little higher long-term, so that the drilling industry can make a reasonable return. There seems to be a debate sub four, how much return you’re getting, but if you get into the $5 range, we believe they can make a return, no. You guys would know more about that I suppose than us. But then you look at the butane is coming, here we have alkylation units within our refineries right now. These things just look like something where Valero and its shareholders can really benefit.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah I get.
Bill Klesse: So we’re studying it and we're getting it out there, so at least you guys know these are the things that we are looking at.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Can you give us a sense of how much more light sweet crude you think you will be able to run, let's say, by the end of 14?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, well, actually can, because we our projects weren’t quite be done.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, by 14 not a whole lot more, it's not till these the toppers have done in early 2015 that would be able to increase those. And those I think…
Bill Klesse: Go back and 14.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah but if you’re really talking – it’s not until 2015 conversation. But if you take the Houston plant, it is 70, down in Corpus it’s 90, we’re looking at Port Arthur where we have a ideal crude tower. Our excess crude tower in excess basin tower is probably 50,000 to 75,000 and we’re something – Quebec is already a sweet crude refinery but we’ll be subbing in North American crude more and more as we go through time. And then at Meraux, we’ll be running more liner crude there as well. So (inaudible) price et cetera significant, then we have these little change or add this deal here and repipe this project that’s going on too. But as you – he’ll give you numbers.
Joe Gorder:  It’s 160,000 barrels a day.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  For those two?
Joe Gorder:  For those two.
Bill Klesse:  My counting then the other one that I just said, so we’ll pick up another 50 to 100 to Port Arthur and Meraux.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. So in closing from me, end 2015, how much more slight sweet would be if you like a substitution and how much more would be incremental throughput in what throttle. And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Some with all the incremental throughput, so as incremental throughput backing others our feedstock purchases. So remember we buy Algerian Resides, a lot of those that we bring directly into our units, we bring some other of these feedstocks in that basically go to the cads and instead we’ll be making a lot of our own gas oil.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. Is all incremental replacement, a bit confused? Is the (inaudible) capacity is higher or lower?
Bill Klesse:  The overall crude capacity will be higher per share.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I know that.
Bill Klesse: Not our throughput capacity.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got you. Okay. That's great. And so...
Bill Klesse: Remember we run today, I guess officially we'd say we're 2.3 million barrels to 2.4 million barrels a day of crude, but we’re 2.8 million barrels to 2.9 million barrels of throughput, because we're buying these other items.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. And I don't want to take up the whole call, but that's very helpful, and I will come back potentially with more. Thanks a lot.
Bill Klesse: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, and sorry for another follow-up on the RINs, but if you look at the 2014 and I agree with your comments and how unworkable the RFS looks, can you talk about to what degree you guys can crack up your exports to help offset some of your RIN obligation next year relative to what you might be doing this year? 
Bill Klesse:  Well, it depends on the cost of the RIN. So you have to have a basic crack. So sooner we'll have a basic crack that says, hey, it's profitable to make those barrels. Then you have if RINs are $1.50, technically you have $0.15 a gallon here that you're playing around with. So you can be very competitive going in export versus the U.S. market, as far as ramping up.
Joe Gorder: Ramping up the exports.
Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I mean if the industry is basically out of RINs next year and you guys are on the coast who do have export capability, I mean again Congress is going to have to take actions at some point here, but in the absence of that it seems like you could have a very, very high RIN price well above where you are today. No one wants to shut in their unit, which I guess is the other way to not have a RIN obligation, it would seem like exports is one of the outlets and you guys would seem to have the better position to do that, but just trying to kind of see if we can frame how much you could reduce your volume metric RIN obligation next year, if it’s whatever the right phasing is very, very high RIN price, much higher than where we are right now.
Joe Gorder: All right, so Arjun, let’s assume that the markets out there for the barrels to be exported, okay, and as the Arabs support the exporting and just as an example, we exported 70,000 barrels a day of gasoline. In the second quarter we exported 170,000 barrels a day of diesel. Now those numbers are what they are because we optimize the supply into the marketplace. We had a very strong market to add to because, yeah, Joliet turnaround, and Whiting turnaround, I think we’re down and so we’re able to move barrels to that higher market. Barring that and saying that the market was demanding the barrels abroad, we could go to 225,000 barrels a day of gasoline and 280,000 barrels a day of diesel and then the projects that we’ve gotten underway to improve docks and tankage and segregations at the refineries would allow us to take it up beyond that going forward, particularly with the same trial hydrocarbon coming on and the quality of the diesel fuels that we’re getting out of St. Charles and Port Arthur. So there is capacity.
Bill Klesse:  I think Joe is giving you a capacity conversation and I don’t think it’s realistic because the industry is in the same boat and so yes, we are on the Gulf Coast and we have that capability, but so like other people and you get down to the basic, you got to have the basic racks. So yes, the way you’ve phrased your question, Joe answered you, yeah, we would have capability. Yes, we are on the Gulf Coast, so we could do that, but I would not want lead you down a path that this would be a significant solution for us. I don’t think so.
Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate, yeah, go ahead.
Gene Edwards: It’s Gene, I would just add to those that both of these solutions there, exporting more ore reducing refinery runs, reduce supply, so to Maya really doesn’t go down, which we don’t think in the next year. We got to meet demand, but still to me it’s definitely got new price in the cracks on the U.S. basis and maybe lower basis for exported barrels.
Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: No. That to me would be the mechanism right by which you then get the true pass through, especially if the U.S. economy recovery and the demand is there, do you guys either supply less, which I don’t think you do, but potentially export more, it’s clearly a mechanism to get the pass through, but I appreciate your counter and the answer, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question is from Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hey good morning, yeah there are obviously a lot going on in refining, lots of questions. I guess the 2Q Gulf Coast was probably the weakest absolute number that we’ve seen for a long time. I guess despite the first hydrocracker, and that’s also despite, there is some cheap Eagle Ford coming into the Corpus. Clearly light heavy is weak, but is there anything else material going on that we should focus on, and I guess if not and it’s like heavy expands again overtime, you should go back to a more normal capture?
Ashley Smith: Yeah, that’s it. I mean, when you are referring to light-heavy either you are talking about really kind of the sour crudes versus the sweeter crudes in general?
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes.
Ashley Smith: Because, they were – you are right. The discounts at all of those crudes relative to the sweet crudes were off and we should just like, we ran about the same amount of heavy sour crude. Core Q2 2012 versus Q2 2013, we ran quite a lot less medium sour though, because it tended to be just out of the market. Now, on the heavy sour side, we don’t provide all of our heavy sour for example, Maya so we had some advantages there. But I don’t know of anything else overlaying, I don’t know of anything else going on in the Gulf other than that.
Joe Gorder: Well, we make a lot of other products and they are all moving around, but if you take our poor relative refining which is a very (inaudible) Maya crude oils, it did very poorly in the second quarter.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay.
Joe Gorder: Even with its new hydrocracker.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, and that…
Joe Gorder: Okay, due to the pricing of Maya. So you can see that have a huge impact.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And then a second question, more broader around the Texas market I guess, I mean you’ve got the Eagle Ford growing some decent Permian well results. Recently you’ve got two major pipelines probably more coming down into Texas. I mean, do you think there is a limit on the effective capacity of the industries to move those barrels over to Louisiana or earlier you spoke about there being enough barges, but it feels like there is a lot of volume and it could cause some stress, any color on that would be helpful.
Joe Gorder: Well, I think as the volume comes into Houston eventually here it’s got to move east. And so you’re going to have shales pipeline running, which have the very high tariff, which is a lot higher than barges. So I think you’re going to see the barges, you’re going to see assets come into play here. Of course it’s got to move. It’s got to move along the coasts, and one of our competitors have signed a deal to take to ship it up to the East Coast by water as well. And so you’re going to see it moving and to us Houston is going to be the bulk of quite of all in this.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And I mean in terms, I mean obviously does any limit how much light you can run I guess moves across, but as you talk to your major suppliers, I’m thinking Mexicans obviously those mediums coming over from the Middle East. How do you think they're going to respond to the fact that not just yourselves, but the whole industry on the Gulf is going to probably looking for less of their products.
Bill Klesse: Well, it remains to be seen and there will be political considerations as well, because I mean Valero, we buy from the Persian Gulf suppliers. And they have a stake in this market, and their crude is more medium than this light that we are talking about, but this isn't today's issue and it’s probably not tomorrows’. This is probably a 2015, 2016 conversation, but over time the U.S. is going to have a lot more oil on the Gulf Coast than I think the refining industry got to figure out how to run it.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thank you. That's very clear.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Faisel Kahn from Citigroup.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Hi, good morning, it's Faisel from Citi.
Ashley Smith: Hey Faisel.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Hey, Ashley. Just another ethanol question, I guess how difficult would it be for you guys to increase your blending capability, and I know you sell a certain amount of merchant volumes, and you blend some of your volumes, but how difficult will it be to increase your blending capability given your natural supply of ethanol here and your production of gasoline?
Joe Gorder: Well Faisel we are looking at increasing it everywhere we can as you would expect and for example, with the Diamond Green project, we're going to have a lot of renewable diesel that we can blend it to the pool. But we're looking at every asset we have, and if it requires some modest investment to increase the blending capabilities there, we're going to do it. And but generally said, I mean we just don’t have access to the terminal assets to control blending up all the products that we produce. We are a merchant refiner, and we sell a lot at the plants of the refinery and we just don’t have the opportunity to blend that up.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Okay, understood.
Mike Ciskowski: So we are blending where we can and diesel side is what Joe is talking about more, because we have a customer base here.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Sure.
Mike Ciskowski: And the customer base goes into a terminal, I mean everybody sees I guess somebody said the $1.36 RIN. So I mean it’s a matter of customers as well. So where we can we have added facilities where we are blending, but clearly the marketplace is in disarray because the wholesale racks theoretically anyway you got all these different prices now.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: All right, fair enough.
Mike Ciskowski: We are trying to minimize, if the question is that you are trying to do things to minimize your exposure, the answer is absolutely.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Okay, got it. And then just last question from me and the call is being going on for a while. On the potential investments in natural gas liquids and also alkylate sort of investments, can you talk a little bit and little more granularity and kind of where, what type of assets you are looking at building and where you are looking to doing that, is it fractionation and where would it be and also on the alkylate side, where are you looking to increase your production of alkylate?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, so it’s not fractionation per se. We don’t think I answered this on the last call, last April. I don’t think we add value per se just to build the fractionator. But where Valero, we don’t really have a competitive advantage over some of these guys like enterprise for instance, you can come in and build fractionator, but what we do, do is, we have alkylation units in all our refineries, alkylates are great blend stock.  When you look at how we make gasoline, gasoline, gasoline’s are Brent. If you remember that it’s made up of all these different components, and so as we look at our system. We have, we believe we’re going to very inexpensive butane subsequent to last, we have spend the last 10 years of our maybe 15 years of our careers, we’re moving butanes from gasoline. And the one way you can stick butane back into gasoline is by alkylating it, or making a longer carbon chain. And so, as we see normals coming and converting them to butylene and you see cheap or inexpensive isobutane. There is we just think this is a good option in a refinery to be able to increase that the amount of that blend stock.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: It make sense within how, when where do you do that? And how are you, I mean what are the magnitude of investments, you make to kind of increase that capability?
Bill Klesse: Well these alkylate units would be $200 million, $300 million and all the sulfuric acid Valero would not build the new HF Alky and as we look at our system there would be on the Gulf Coast.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: With one possible exception, for a different reason.
Faisel Kahn – Citigroup: Got it, thanks guys I appreciate the time.
Ashley Smith: Sure, thanks Faisel.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow: Great.
Macquarie Capital: Great.
Bill Klesse: Hi, Chi Chow.
Chi Chow: Hello, hi Bill. How are you doing? I think you noticed this, hey just sorry to keep pound as the main issue, but Mike, can you tell us how the accounting works on your RIN purchase and how exactly that flow to your P&L.
Macquarie Capital: Hello, hi Bill. How are you doing? I think you noticed this, hey just sorry to keep pound as the main issue, but Mike, can you tell us how the accounting works on your RIN purchase and how exactly that flow to your P&L.
Mike Ciskowski: Our accounting is based on whatever our RINs deficit is and we amortize them. We purchase forward, we have been purchasing a number of contracts and we amortize that cost in as a deficit basically created.
Chi Chow:  Okay, great. And is that split by region as far as where that amortization goes in the cost of good.
Macquarie Capital:  Okay, great. And is that split by region as far as where that amortization goes in the cost of good.
Mike Ciskowski: From a regional standpoint, we allocate all of that based on throughput basis to the regions.
Chi Chow: Okay. So split in each region by throughput.
Macquarie Capital: Okay. So split in each region by throughput.
Mike Ciskowski: Correct.
Chi Chow: Okay. Got it. Thanks on that. And Bill, I just want to clarify, I think you mentioned on one of the other questions, the $600 million to $800 million on the 2013 cost, is that a net number net of some sort of pass through assumption?
Macquarie Capital: Okay. Got it. Thanks on that. And Bill, I just want to clarify, I think you mentioned on one of the other questions, the $600 million to $800 million on the 2013 cost, is that a net number net of some sort of pass through assumption?
Bill Klesse: No, that’s not a net number. That’s just what the deficit would cost us.
Chi Chow: Okay. Okay, good. Thanks for that. And I guess, final question on rail movements. How do you think this Quebec railcar accident is going to impact crude by rail going forward? Is they going to be more regulation costs? Any thoughts on that?
Macquarie Capital: Okay. Okay, good. Thanks for that. And I guess, final question on rail movements. How do you think this Quebec railcar accident is going to impact crude by rail going forward? Is they going to be more regulation costs? Any thoughts on that?
Mike Ciskowski: So this is Ciskowski. I don’t think it will impact in the sense of the extremes. I do think that you’re not going to see one person trains anymore. You are not going to see trains less sitting on the siding, full of products. I think it’s just one of those areas that people just hadn’t focused on and this is a very tragic accident and I mean, we all understand that. So I think you're going to see more of the procedures. You’re going to see a very strong review of procedures. I think you will see the cooperation increased in North America here between Canada and the U.S. on regulation on – maybe on tank car design. You will see more on these bonnets beeping them up. I think also you'll have a conversation that will pull the Mexicans into this as well. But rail and crude, railing ethanol, railing distillers grain, railing corn, railing asphalt, propanes, they're all here. They are part of the distribution system. But there will be procedural things that will change. I mean this train was left below. I don't think you're going to be leaving a train on the side with nobody there anymore.
Chi Chow: Yeah. Sure. Not going forward.
Macquarie Capital: Yeah. Sure. Not going forward.
Bill Klesse: But those kind of things will take a little time, but to me that's rare. We'll see more procedures and maybe it's in the operating area. 
Chi Chow: You mentioned maybe changes in tank car design. Does that impact your deliveries at all going forward on your railcars?
Macquarie Capital: You mentioned maybe changes in tank car design. Does that impact your deliveries at all going forward on your railcars?
Bill Klesse: That would not because there is no change in that, right? 
Chi Chow: Right.
Macquarie Capital: Right.
Bill Klesse:  And then, if it is we operate a very – we strive all the time for safety and reliability and at some times we take a look at it. 
Chi Chow: All right. Okay. Thanks, Bill. I appreciate it.
Macquarie Capital: All right. Okay. Thanks, Bill. I appreciate it.
Bill Klesse:  Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Allen Good from Morningstar.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research: Good morning. Just a question on the chemical investment follow-up. You mentioned some of the characteristics around St. Charles that made it attractive. When you look around your system, maybe what are some of the other opportunities you think for additional chemical investments. And if you do identify those, would you be willing to move forward with maybe several of these similar size investments at the same time.
Bill Klesse: Well it is a very fair question and we are looking at this because the market place is changing so quickly because I am of the belief that United States can have a huge manufacturing and petrochemical resurgence here, our government will figure out how to get behind. But we’ve looked at the Gulf Coast plans, there are in the sense of our crown jewel assets. They give you access to the water, because some products would be exported. Remember Valero was already in the benching time with xylene business. We’re already in the propylene business. So we’re in a lot of these businesses anyway, and so we are just talking about (inaudible), but they’d be along the Gulf Coast. And would we take on several projects at the same time? Sure, we have the capability as the other companies do, they match projects in the capital spend level that we’ve guided you.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research: Okay, thanks. And I guess the second question is, early you mentioned that you expect some of these crude differentials that have narrowed in the first half of the year to widen back out. Well, this year, looking at your most recent presentation you have small lift here of rail and barge projects that you anticipate to come online later this year moving, (inaudible) crude in the Gulf Coast, West Coast and North Atlanta region. If we’re at the same situation here as far as differentials are concerned, I guess mainly being the brand, as we get into the third and fourth quarter where it’s basically no differential, would you still expect some of those rail projects to come on line and start delivering some of that crude via rail or would you delay that in the next year and to may be give some more widening into this spread?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, it would absolutely depend on some of our deals. But yeah, hey we’re in business to make money and if it’s not economic to do some, we may have some fees we have to pay a few guys, but and where we have to take it, well we’ll have to do it, make the best of it. But we try very hard to maintain optionality on these deals. I’m sure, if you don’t have any spreads, you’re going to optimize.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research:  Is there really general, that we have Brent spread or any other source spread we could use just may be a rule of thumb to see whether there some of these rail projects in general are economical for you?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, in the back of our handout, we have that big map where we made this price call it 12 to 18 months and we said, New York Harbor is where we see the equilibrium point between Brent and delivered sweet crudes into the harbor. So you take Brent plus a couple of bucks for freight, and so we’ve been saying that’s where a lot of these balances run these costs. And then you back up from there, and so we think overtime, you’re going to have these differentials, because the crudes got to move to the markets and it’s got to displace the foreign barrels. So – but sure you’re going to have a spot month or two of what’s going on right now, but we don’t believe they’re going to last. So we’re in business for the long term.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Mike Ciskowski: In our appendix it’s in there, we put all those numbers in there, and so I think we say 12 to 24 months is our price outlook. But the basis is the East Coast being equilibrium. So Gulf Coast, we think that LLS is several dollars below that.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research:  Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Just real quick question, Bill, I know that you may not want to give us an absolute number, but what is the percent of your rail arrangement with the rail operator, is I think will pay for the long-term or what percentage is that like 30 day roll over kind of deal?
Bill Klesse: I don’t know if it’s, I don’t want to give it to you. I am not sure we know…
Joe Gorder: No, we don’t have…
Bill Klesse:  I think we have loading fees. Well I think here we just, we’ll give Ashley a couple, we’ll gets and puts up together. The railroad, we own the cars, so Joe’s point is, hey you don’t have that. But the right reason I was hesitant on the previous question is we make some commitments the load cars at these third-party loadings at our own refineries, at our facilities, so there are no obligation. But we do have some fee commitments below then a couple of things like that, purchases of oil. So we will put some thing together, but it’s very, it’s relatively small, but we have a, once we get all our railcars, we will have a $750 million investment in railcars, and a couple other 100 million in sidings. So we want to return to.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Secondly that on the (inaudible) and also the Seaway one and two can you give us some rough idea there what is your (inaudible) commitment on those?
Joe Gorder:  Yeah, Paul, we don’t do that.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Final one, Bill, when we’re looking at your dividend policy when the Board [give out] whether you are going to increase or not, is there a policy from management that this is a annual exercise or it is a semi-annual or that’s really no policy at all?
Bill Klesse: Well, I’d like to – went away and phrase your question, no policy at all.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, I mean, you made… 
Bill Klesse: I think we are little better than that. We’ve raised our dividend in January and I said that we would look at it and management would have a recommendation. We have it at our Board meeting this month after we finish the hydrocrackers, but we will look at our balance. We’ll look at our forecast. We’ll look at our payout rate. I have said that Valero wants to be among the highest in dividends and returning cash to our shareholder of our peer group and so we look at those guys as well. So I feel like there is more of a process, but we don’t say the July Board Meeting is a dividend meeting. It is a dividend meeting with the Board, but we don’t say management is going to raise the dividend or some at the January meeting or the April meeting or the July. We go into it with us having looked at our forecast where we think our cash is, do we think we can sustain it, and then we make a recommendation to the Board.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Ashley Smith:  Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further question.
Ashley Smith: Okay. Thank you, Lorissa, and I just want to thank everyone for listening to our call today. I believe we set a record for me, thank you for that interest. Please visit our website or contact Investor Relations for additional information.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ashley Smith – Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Klesse – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Ciskowski – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lane Riggs – Corporate Senior Vice President-Refining Operations Joe Gorder – President and Chief Operating Officer Gene Edwards – Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer 
Analysts:  Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co. Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities  Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc. Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc. Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co. Allen Good – Morningstar Research Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.  
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2013 First Quarter Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith. Mr. Smith you may begin. 
Ashley Smith : Thank you, John and good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, our President and COO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Kim Bowers, Chairman and CEO of CST Brands; Clay Killinger, CFO of CST Brands. And several other members of Valero senior management team. If you have not received our earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. And so as noted in the release, we reported first quarter 2013 earnings of $654 million, or $1.18 per share. First quarter operating income was $1.1 billion versus operating loss of $244 million in the first quarter of 2012, or adjusted operating income of $367 million, excluding a $611 million non-cash asset impairment loss taken in the first quarter of 2012. The increase was mainly due to higher refining margins in the U.S. Gulf Coast, U.S. Mid-Continent and North Atlantic regions, plus lower refining operating expenses. Our first quarter refining throughput margin of $10.59 per barrel increased about $3 versus the first quarter 2012 margin of $7.71 per barrel. The increase in refinery throughput margin was partly driven by higher diesel and jet fuel margins in all regions. For example, the ultra-low-sulfur diesel margin versus Brent crude oil increased by $2.73 per barrel in the US Gulf Coast from the first quarter of 2012 to the first-quarter of 2013. In addition the refining throughput margin was favorably impacted by wider discounts on some crude oil and feedstocks and the operation of our new hydrocracker at the Port Arthur refinery.  Our first-quarter 2013 refining throughput volume, averaged 2.57 million barrels per day or an increase of 11,000 barrels per day in the first-quarter of 2012. First quarters had significant turnaround maintenance and repair activity. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter of 2013 were $3.79 per barrel, which was below first quarter of 2012 due mainly to lower reliability expenses and lower operating costs at the Aruba refinery which was shut down in the first quarter of 2012.  I'd like to highlight several other items in our refining operations. The new hydrocracker at Port Arthur contributed meaningfully in the first-quarter, but experienced some issues that limited the throughput and conversion rate in late February and early March. Those issues were addressed and unit has been running near planned rates since mid-March. So in the first quarter, we estimate the new hydrocracker at Port Arthur contributed approximately $94 million of EBITDA. We estimate the unit would have earned an additional $22 million of EBITDA or a $160 million in total EBITDA had the operating issues not occurred.  Assuming market prices in the first quarter of 2013 were similar to full-year 2012 prices and that volumes were at planned rates of 57,000 barrels per day. We estimate the new hydrocracker would have generated approximately $127 million of EBITDA, which is consistent with our previously disclosed earnings potential of that unit. We are continuing to work on the new hydrocracker at our St. Charles refinery. We expect to complete that unit and began the start-up process at the end of June. As we’ve mentioned previously, both of these hydrocrackers were designed to take advantage of the current environment of relatively high crude oil prices, strong diesel margins and inexpensive natural gas prices.  Also at the St. Charles refinery start-up of the Diamond Green Diesel project is planned for the end of June. This plant is designed to produce 9,300 barrels per day of renewable diesel from low quality recycled cooking oils and fats using refinery hydro-processing technology. The renewable diesel will qualify as a biomass based biodiesel, which is a difficult specification to achieve under the Federal Renewable Fuel Standard. The project is a 50:50 joint venture between Valero and Darling International, which is a leading gatherer of used cooking oils and animal fats.  My last point on our refining operations is that in April our Quebec refinery processed its first cargo of Eagle Ford Crude oil, which we shipped from Texas on a cost advantage foreign-flagged ship. Preliminary results indicates that the crude oil works very well in our refinery.  Our retail segment reported first quarter of 2013 operating income of $42 million, an increase of $2 million versus the first quarter of 2012. U.S retail operating income increased from $11 million in the first quarter of 2012 to $18 million in the first quarter of 2013. While Canadian retail decreased from $29 million in the first quarter of 2012. to $24 million in the first quarter of 2013.  Our plan to spinoff our retail business and unlock value for our shareholders is progressing well. Valero has received its requested private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service and clearance from the Securities and Exchange Commission for the transaction. On Wednesday, May 1, Valero will distribute 80% of the shares, CST Brands to Valero shareholders as of to April 19 record date. Those shareholders will receive one share of CST Brands common stock for every 9 shares of Valero common stock. CST Brands common stock will begin regular-way trading on the New York Stock Exchange on the ticker symbol “CST’ beginning on Thursday May 2. Since, April 17, CST Brands has been trading on the when-issued market under the ticker symbol "CST WI" and will continue trading there through May 1. As part of the transaction Valero will retain 20% of CST Brands outstanding shares and also receive approximately $500 million in net cash. This net cash amount consistent of $1.05 billion from CST Brands in new debt, which is offset by the retention by CST Brands of approximately $50 million of cash and approximately $280 million from a working capital benefit, primarily as a result of the payment terms in the product supply agreements.  Valero will also incur a tax liability of approximately $220 million mainly for Canadian taxes on the transaction, which is mostly payable in the first half of 2014. Valero expects to liquidate its remaining 20% of CST Brands outstanding shares within 18 months of this distribution.  Our ethanol segment reported operating income of $14 million, were an increase of $5 million from the first quarter of 2012 mainly due to higher gross margins per gallon, which were somewhat offset by lower production. Production averaged 2.7 million gallons per day in the first quarter of 2013, for a decline of about 770,000 gallons per day compared to the first quarter of 2012. As industry supplies of ethanol decline throughout the first quarter ethanol planned margins improved, and have remained healthy so far into the second quarter. As a result of the improved margins, we restarted three of our previously shutdown ethanol plants during the first quarter and all ten of our ethanol plants are currently operating near capacity. In the first quarter of 2013, general and administrative expenses, excluding the corporate depreciation were $176 million and net interest expense was $83 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense was $430 million and the effective tax rate was 34% in the first quarter. Regarding cash flows in the first quarter, capital expenditures were $864 million including $287 million for turnarounds in catalyst and including $34 million for retail.  In the first quarter, we paid $111 million cash dividend into our shareholders, which reflected the increase of $0.25 per share per quarter that we announced in January. Also in the first quarter, we purchased 6.9 million shares of Valero stock for $304 million in cash.  At the end of the first quarter, we had approximately $3 billion remaining under our stock purchased authorizations. So far in the second quarter, we have purchased another 2.8 million shares of Valero stock or $118 million in cash. That brings our year-to-date stock buyback to 9.7 million shares for $422 million and adding dividend that makes our year-to-date total cash return to shareholders over $530 million. Regarding others uses of cash, we’ve retired $180 million worth of 6.7% senior notes debt matured in mid-January, and we expect to retire $300 million of maturing notes later this quarter. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, total debt was $6.9 billion, cash was $1.9 billion and our debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash was 21.4%. At the end of the quarter, we had nearly $5.4 billion of available liquidity in addition to cash.  Valero expects full-year 2013 capital expenditures to be approximately $2.85 billion, which includes turnarounds in catalysts and also includes approximately $60 million of spending for CST Brands through April. Our 2013 estimate increased approximately $140 million from previous guidance mainly due to the addition or acceleration of growth projects, including new logistics assets and hydrocracker expansions. Given the competitive advantages provided by the increase in supply of cost advantage crude oil and natural gas, our growth spending is strategically focused in three main areas; logistics, processing cost-advantaged crude oil and distillates-focused hydrocracking. Within these areas we are presuming multiple opportunities to create long-term shareholder value. However, we are clearly balancing our growth investments with significant return of cash to shareholders as well as debt reductions to strengthen our balance sheet.  For modeling our second quarter operations, you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges; Gulf Coast at 1.45 million barrels to 1.5 million barrels per day; Midcontinent at 400,000 barrels to 420,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 270,000 barrels to 280,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 350,000 barrels to 370,000 barrels per day.  These throughput volumes reflect the turnaround and maintenance activity planned at the McKee, Quebec City and Meraux refineries. Although we’re only a third of the way into the second quarter, I want to highlight some changes in the key drivers of our refining throughput margins versus the first quarter. Gasoline and diesel cracks are mixed with some of our regions higher and other regions flat to down versus the first quarter. Crude discounts have generally narrowed versus the first quarter particularly for light crude oil discount such WTI versus Brent and Heavy sour discounts. In addition, the price of natural gas is a key driver for our energy cost and hydrogen feedstock has increased versus the first quarter. As our investor should note these key drivers are volatile and can change substantially within a quarter.  We expect refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter should be around $4 per barrel. For ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.4 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash cost such as depreciation and amortization. Also in the second quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciations to be around $160 million and net interest expense should be about $75 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the second quarter should be around $405 million, and our effective tax rate in the second quarter should be approximately 35%. Hey John, we have concluded our opening remarks. We will now open the call to questions. During this segment, we request that our callers limit each turn to two questions. If you have additional questions you can rejoin the queue. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks everybody. I am going to take my two, if I may. Guys, can I ask you to clarify the $2 cost, the transportation cost at Quebec that you mentioned? Is that sustainable? Is it probably little bit for gathering and processing in the Gulf Coast? And can you maybe just help us, what is to make it simple for us, what is the advantage when you actually landed in Quebec versus your prior feedstock? And I’ve got a follow-up.
Bill Klesse:  Okay, Doug, the $2 that we’re talking about is the transportation cost. It’s really the board flagship to take the crude from the port in Corpus up into Quebec. And I am trying to remember what the advantage was on a per barrel basis for running that oil. I think at the time we moved it, it was fairly even with the alternative, but I think what the guys found and Lane can speak to this, what the guys found when they ran the oil in that plant was it cracked very well and it was a strong yield.
Lane Riggs: That's right, exactly right. It had better yield than we had anticipated.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks for that. I guess my follow up is kind of a related question. We sort of move to some facilities in place over time to move crude to the West Coast, I'm just curious if you guys have got similar things in the works and actually you could fit in the context of how you see your deliberations over an MLP and ultimately how you would invest in infrastructure to maybe (inaudible), and I'll get down. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: All right, well Doug, relative to the supply in the West Coast, I mean we continue to look at the economics that move in pipeline barrels across. The number that we had is that we’re going to move those barrels into a U.S. port and put it on a U.S. flag vessel, or a (inaudible) vessel. The cost for the shipping becomes very high and so the alternative that we’re pursuing and perhaps we continue to look at that, but the alternative that we’re pursuing is to go ahead and do the rail economics and that's why we've got the train activity, we bought all the railcars and we were looking at rail terminals in Benicia and also down in Wilmington. And we find that taking it directly in to the refinery we have as good or not better economics that we would take it across in a pipe to the West Coast and put it on a U.S. flag vessel.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, have those qualified for a potential MLP drop downs over time?
Bill Klesse:  Yes, they would.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, great talking to you guys, thank you.
Bill Klesse: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Co. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.:  Good morning.
Bill Klesse: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.:  Congratulations on the progress on CST and for optimally approaching the distribution. I had a question on the potential for an MLP, you’ve obviously got a lot of growth capital focused in the logistics area with Quebec and then an additional $200 million of logistics projects in the railcars and rail unloading facilities. Could you talk a little bit about the existing base of MLP qualifying assets and how realistic potential MLP might be?
Bill Klesse: Jeff this is Klesse. We’d say consistently hear that once we finish with retail spin, then we would look at the MLP. And that’ what we intend to do, and I have given in the past that we have an EBITDA base of 5,200 million. So I think at this point in time that’s where we’re going to stay.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.: All right, all right, I understand. I was curious if I could have a quick follow-up, if you are seeing pricing differentials for domestic crudes in Houston given a Seaway and rapidly approaching Permian pipelines coming into the Houston area. Are you seeing those crudes trade at a discount to Louisiana, and by how much?
Bill Klesse:  Well, it’s anywhere from $1 to $2, but we are seeing the crudes traded below LLS. In fact I don’t think we’re running the Light Sweet crude in the system, certainly in the Gulf it’s not trading at a discount to LLS. 
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.:  Are you expecting bottlenecks at Houston as these Permian pipes and then ultimately Keystone comes into the market? 
Joe Gorder:  I think that you’re certainly going to have ample supply of these crudes in the Gulf. As far as the bottlenecks, I think they’re working very hard to elevate that now. I guess we’ve got a long hard point start up that’s going to bring 75 a day and then up to 225 here very soon. Seaway is working on resolving their issues, and the host of other alternatives. I do think, we’re going to see ample supply throughout this heavy sour crude in the Houston market.
Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Joe.
Bill Klesse:  Okay. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead?
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.:  Good morning, guys. One quick follow up to that prior question, in terms of the price, average price delivered in the Corpus, say relative to Houston or relative to LLS. Is Corpus still below Houston, and if so, by how much?  
Bill Klesse: It is. It is basically by a transportation cost over their.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: So another $1.52 or more than that?
Bill Klesse: Yeah.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Okay. And then looking a bit longer term at Quebec City, after you come out from the turnaround and maybe on in through the end of 2013, assuming the price differentials and relative yields for the Eagle Ford crude, justify replacement with the alternate supplies, how big could that be, what portion of throughput at Quebec City could you be running from say, Texas based crudes by the end of the year.
Bill Klesse: Well, our license that we got was for 90,000 barrels a day. And so that’s the existing license that we have. But the crude as Lane said, we’re very well into refinery. I’d say to you though because obviously we’re involved in Line 9 reversal, and that refinery will be on all North American crude oil here within the year or so.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.:  And then last one from me, just coming back to the say MLP-able CapEx, if I look at your 2013 budget, would it be fare to say that about $400 million at least of that would be MLP-able spend or what kind of number would you throw out there?
Mike Ciskowski: The number is more or like, it’s between $500 million and $600 million. It is what we have in our 2013 spend.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.:  Okay, thank you.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities : Hey, good morning
Bill Klesse: Hey, Roger.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities :  Guess, I’d like to first hitch you on the operating cost, the $4 that you mentioned obviously higher natural gas. So just wanted to kind of confirm is that effectively the natural gas cost or is there something else going through, because obviously with the higher throughput expected in Q2, with kind of on a per barrel basis maybe see that a little lower than Q1.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, that’s a key part of that increase.
Lane Riggs:   Hey, this is Lane Rigg, the only other part to that is, that Quebec which is one of our lower operating cost refineries, is in a big turn around that you have their capacity at lower operating cost.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, all right, that’s helpful. And then, understood that and very helpful with the Light Crude that you’re running on the Gulf Coast at discounted LLS, I was wondering if you could help us understand something what’s been moving around the light, heavy spread more or less from the beginning of this year through early I guess April or compressed and that’s widened a little bit since then, but we’ve heard different stories, that we’re were in and out of the market, Venezuelan crudes. I was just wondering what you all have seen along that line.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, all right. Well, relative and you’re really looking at Maya pricing when you’re talking about the heavy sour. But WTS strengthened with the longhorn of startup and essentially WTS realigning itself with WTI, you remember last year we had that huge discount of TS to TI and that certainly helped to expand that Maya discount. The other thing we’ve had is, WTI has strengthened relative to Brent and so, as that come in, you’ve had the whole heavy sour complex come in and draw closer to a WTI price crude. And then you got the final factor that’s the K factor has lagged and they’ve used that, PEMEX uses that to adjust the price of their crude to kind of keep it at a market parity with alternatives and they’ve lagged, and they’re limited as to how much they can move it in a month without going before the government to get approvals and so they’ve just lagged. Now, we know we’re going to get an improvement next month. So, this discount will improve further, but those are the three primary factors that affected the heavy sours.  The medium sours have improved just recently, that’s really a result, I think of a lot more Middle Eastern crudes being into Gulf. And we had our guidance estimated and we’re from 8 million to 10 million additional barrels, we are in the Gulf during the quarter. So that helped that. And then, when you look at longer term, I think there is certain refineries in the Gulf that were going to end up running a lot more Arab crude than they would have Maya crude or a domestic medium sour crude and that’s going to put more of it back in the market. And just as a more general statement, anytime you end up with more crude in a particular market is going to put pressure on the entire complex because you’ll look at substituting. And since the extent that we move Midland barrels into the Gulf, and there is susceptible to Houston refineries and other refineries, you’re going to see additional pressure on both the medium and the heavy sellers.
Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
Bill Klesse: Good morning Paul.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two quick question, one is a simple accounting question for Mike. After the 80% spinoff of the CST, the remaining 20% are you going to report them in terms of the P&L on the equity accounting or do you going to report that at course and only report P&L from May, if you receive any dividend?
Mike Ciskowski:  No it will be on an equity and earnings basis.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: In an equity earning basis. And that for the next several years, I think previously you guys were talking about somewhere in the $2 billion to $2.5 billion tie-off of CapEx and this year is higher. On a going forward basis, that with some of the new growth projects, should we assume that you’re going to be higher than that range now?
Bill Klesse: Paul, this is Klesse. We are higher this year because we do have quite a few logistics projects that we kind of discussed a few minutes ago. And they will carry over into next year some of them, but the guidance I have only given is the next year in $2.5 billion range, and except for some carryover of these type of projects, it will be in that $2 billion to $2.5 billion range with some carryover of logistics projects. The whole business today is about location, location, location, and if you don’t have the location you have to have logistics. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: I totally understand. And a final one on maybe this is for Lane. Butane and naphtha, there is a lot of concern in the market that the debate is going to become increasingly abundant, and so itself become a (inaudible). So the question is that, do you guys already at this point in max in terms of how much you can grand, I presume Butane is going to restricted by the RVP and naphtha don’t’ know whether there is anything you can do in terms of increasing your net branding volume if the price is attractive? 
Mike Ciskowski:  So the question is the naphtha like that all refiners are seeing. And that’s correct. And you are seeing more what I’ll call low octane blend stocks coming toward the refiner from the NGL piece. So for us in particular yes, we are blending the naphtha where we have enough octane. Also what’s happening is as the price of naphtha which we expect what you said to occur as well you’ll go ahead and restart or increase your runs through your rate former. But even though we want to make hydrogen from natural gas the facts are because the naphtha pricing you may go ahead and run your reformer as well.  So we are doing that and looking at that, and then it depends on what severity you actually run at your reform. And then of course the last option is that naphtha could potentially be exported. And we as everybody else in our industry, we will look at all of those numbers and pick the best course. And that’s what we are doing and I’m sure everybody else is. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Here we are standing, can you provide under what circumstances that you really choose one option, or that has too many moving part that can’t really give one rule of thumb.  
Mike Ciskowski: Well you really have to run it through your models to be honest with you, but I suspect first option is the buoyant, the second option it will be to run our reformer. And the third and run it at different severities. And then the third option is meaning you just can’t get rid of it internally that the price will be the option will be to export.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you
Mike Ciskowski: That’s all I agree.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Dahlman. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose:  Good morning, thanks for the time. You touched on Maya, I just want to revisit it for a second, I mean it looks like the composition is really outmoded here, given the fact that all the components have a kind of dislocated from each other. In the past, you’ve had a lot of success pricing heavy barrels in the Gulf away from that benchmark. And you touched in a little bit with the pipeline capacity going into the Gulf maybe devoted a little more to the heavy side. I was wondering if you just provide a little bit more color on the opportunity set for heavy crudes underneath what we’re seeing on the Maya side
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I mean, we are seeing heavy crudes moves up right, we’re moving it by barge, we’ll be moving it by rail in the St. Charles. And we’re seeing some come down the Seaway that’s get consumed. Then you go back to the more tradition, there is going to be more there from the U.S. and actually from North America. Then you look into towards South America, the traditional sources. And we continue to be a large purchaser of crude from South American producers and even though those crudes have a Maya basis there is agreements that we haven’t place that vary the price on that. And so, we’ve been able to continue to get heavy sour crudes priced in if Maya prices are better. 
Bill Klesse:  Maybe I’ll add a little more for you. So when you look at the Mississippi River, we’re doing what others are doing. We are barging every crude down and also we are looking at rail facilities to bring into our St. Charles and those refineries. If you start to move west of course Keystone pipeline is being built to southern Lake and that’s where and Joe speaking of seeing more heavy crude come down. We expect to see heavy crude come into Port Arthur, as well as more in the Houston through all of the other pipelines and of course Keystone.  Then you jump back and when there is a foreign imports, you have to look to Venezuela and what actually happens in Venezuela as we go forward, and when they have had and this is the truth, when they have operating issues with some of the upgraders things like that we get to see more of these type of oil that we can process in our hardware available. So you have all this moving parts, but generally speaking Valero wants more heavy sour crude oil in the U.S. Gulf Coast because we are a big border.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Okay. Thank you so much for the color. And just sort of as a follow-up Keystone potentially facing another delay here, but as a lot of investment moves into the rail side and that seems to be taking up a bigger and bigger share of uptick and these disadvantage basins, I was wondering if you had done any planning or thought about the raw bitumen element as well moving sort of away from WCS and getting it in as a raw material particularly if there is any local blending opportunities for you around your Gulf Coast system?
Bill Klesse: Of course.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Sorry, go ahead. 
Bill Klesse: I’ll try to answer part of this. Of course we have, we still believe Keystone now (inaudible) with the Northern Lake XL, we still believe that we’ll be approved and it will be built. It’s a pipeline. This has nothing to do with the pipeline. It’s all about the oil sands. And just a little trivia here, the carbon, the greenhouse gas emissions from produce and California having crude are actually higher than it is for the oil sands and one coal power plant produces like 25% of the greenhouse gas emissions from the oil sands. I mean, this is all just ridiculous conversation that’s going on. But part of the railcars that we have purchased are insulated and coiled, so that we can move the raw bitumen just as other companies are trying to balance between WCS and Bakken and those type of crudes as well as the pure bitumen. And so we’ve try to estimate how we will supply our refineries down the road and have purchased our railcars accordingly and those railcars will be delivered to us really through the end of 2014. So they come to us every month.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: All right. Thanks so much everyone. Have a great day.
Bill Klesse: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Good morning, guys.
Bill Klesse:  Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Yeah. Sorry if I missed some of the opening comments, but, I mean can you provide any additional color on hydrocracker issue at Port Arthur in the quarter and whether it rolled over into the second quarter, and just confirm you remain on track for the St. Charles start up.
Lane Riggs:  Well, hi, Evan. This is Lane. So we had an emergency shutdown valve that we, it wasn’t working properly. So we had to remove it and had to shift off. We found there was a manufacturing error in the valve and actually we’re able to take one from St. Charles or St. Charles projects who are essentially carbon copies of one another and put it in place and so this was all like and actually, this was really sort of a March conversation. So now we’re running fine and don’t expect this to have any implications for the second quarter.
Bill Klesse: And we’re so lost to seal on a compressor when we had a power failure sort and…
Lane Riggs:  Yeah, the initiating event for when this – we had a (inaudible) compressor trip on a lost field and that caused this emergency shutdown valve to close and then it wouldn’t open.
Bill Klesse: So those have been repaired and that part of the project is going just fine as Ashley said and at St. Charles it’s going to be late second quarter. We’ll get oil in the year, but we’ll really be starting up in July. And we are having in a sense of difficulties getting this job done, but it’s not through lack of effort.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. Got it. I know you guys quantified potential RIN exposure year-on-year. I was just curious if there was any strategy to mitigate that number? I noticed Diamond Green start up. So obviously going to give you incremental, more valuable diesel RINs and, I don’t know, but building new terminals to blend anything else that you’re doing that could mitigate that potential cost. 
Joe Gorder:  Evan, we’re looking throughout the system to just find every opportunity that we can to blend more. We continue to look at the economics on every export cargo to decide if ARB is better to keep it here to go ahead and put it on the water considering the cost of the RIN. We’ve adjusted product yields throughout the quarter and we’ll continue to do that. For example, we produced more jet when it was economic to do that, but the economics don’t favor that today. So we moved back and then we’ve got a very aggressive effort to try to support, change to the regulations as they are and you may want to talk more about that, those activities. But, I mean, we are working those issues in every way we can just to try to make this problem less of a problem for us. I think we’re still very comfortable with the estimates we’ve given you for this year and that’s $500 million to $750 million range. But the squeeze that we’ve had that’s driven the prices up where they are is going to be with us unless we get some kind of relief.
Bill Klesse: I think what I would here is the way Joe is describing this is what RINs have become as part of our cost to manufacture and then in our decision making. So if you have a $0.60 RIN or whatever it is, $0.50, $0.60, $0.70 today, it becomes, gets into our cost to manufacture and then it works through all our modeling, so that that helps you drive your LP economics and that’s really the point here. It gives you more of an incentive in this, for instance, to make jet fuel and diesel or whatever, and that’s how it works through the modeling.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Then lastly, if I could, and I know you’ve benefited from some distressed event cargos that were in the market last couple of quarters. So maybe you’ve seen that, and are you still seeing some volume there or have they have been pulled back given kind of MA is back up and running? That’s it.
Bill Klesse: Well, yes. I think we continue to see them from time to time. And it’s certainly not ratable, Evan. So it’s really kind of hard to say whether it’s more or less than it has been or when that might change, but they’re is still available.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead. 
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil:  Hi, guys. Good morning. I had a balance sheet question for you, I suppose. Ashley mentioned the debt reduction of $300 million of notes later this quarter. Obviously you have some cash coming in about $850 million or so. From the retail spin, Bill, I know you had talked about maintaining a more flexible balance sheet post the spin off of retail. Can you give us a sense of once you get the cash in hand and then pay off the notes that you referenced, how should we think about additional debt reduction from here?
Bill Klesse: Well, for just the question on debt reduction, this is all the debt that we are maturing this year. So that will leave Valero with about $6.6 billion of long-term debt. Next year we have about $200 million of maturing debt. I would assume we’re going to pay that off. The year after that we have $500 million in the next year. That, at least today I would tell you we would pay off. So that takes out quite a few years, and that’s the maturing debt. As far as calling debt, we do not have any debt that is economic for the company to call. So, that’s to your question. I think you asked me a little broader question and that is I don’t know where you came in the call, but so far this year we’ve brought over 9 million shares of our stock. We’ve been out of the market obviously the last few weeks as we have to be. We’ll be out of the market for a while here while this settles out with CTS, but we think our stock is still undervalued and we, as Ashley said in this comments, we’re returning cash to our shareholders.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil:  Perfect. Thank you on that. The follow-up question I had for you on the kind of the incremental hydrocracking expansions. I’m just trying to see if I can get a sense of how that may potentially impact the overall company-wide yield. I know you guys had some charts in your slide pack showing the changes in distillate yield over time. I’m just trying to get a sense. Does this have a kind of order of magnitude impact to change the overall yield?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, the numbers that we’ve shown you in our presentations after the two hydrocrackers would take us up to about 39% of the total distillate yield. And I’ve mentioned in the past that when we finish these expansions and do our conversion at [Morro] we’ll be into the low-40s%, I’ve used as 42%, 43% of our yield. And really for Valero, we’re kind of unique then at that point because we’ll have a gas to distillate ratio of about 1:1, which is very unusual for a U.S. refining company.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil:  Perfect. Thank you, Bill. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you. This may relate to Evan’s prior question, but in the first quarter it looks like your realized margin capture rate in the Gulf Coast was strong again, even with the high levels of maintenance. Did you realize the same dynamic in the fourth quarter with capturing the stranded heavy barrels or was there something else that drove the capture rate?
Bill Klesse:  Chi, the biggest driver, the single biggest driver by the addition of the new hydrocracker at Port Arthur and that’s just a high margin unit. And after that we saw some nice discounts on some of the distressed heavys and some of the things we’ve benefited from in the fourth quarter, but the number one by far was adding the hydrocracker.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay. How much heavy Canadian crude did you bring down in process versus prior quarters?   
Joe Gorder:   It was about the same, Chi. I mean, we were in the 45 to 50 range on average, in other word, periods there that we had much higher volumes and we’re expecting those volumes to ramp up going forward. but it wasn’t materially different than fourth quarter. 
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Joe. And then, on the RIN issue, Bill, can you give us an update on any discussions that Valero or other industry groups have had that you’re aware of with the EPA on any relief from the RFS mandate and how any of these [slobbing] efforts are going?
Bill Klesse:  Well, I can give you some color. I was in Washington last week with a group of other refiners and a couple of majors. Our industry is united here in trying to get awareness that the RINs issue when it was $0.05 a RIN was one conversation and when it rapidly increased to over $1 and has fallen back here, it’s another whole issue. We met with as an industry here. We met with several Congressmen, some Senators. They all realized that the RFS is broken and needs to be fixed. There is no cellulosic to speak up. I think somebody is going to make a little this year. The advanced is kind of alluded price that you ought to buy. Brazilian sugarcane ethanol and export corn-based ethanol is kind of alluded (inaudible) so people realize that. As far as the White House and the EPA, they both realized as well, we met with them that there is an issue, but I’m not going to say that anything is going to be solved here in the short run.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay. Do you believe these discussions, when do they gain steam again? Is it dependent on rent price cost inflation or is that winning the next battle kind of wages or is it maybe late this year when the EP actually takes a look at the obligations for next year, then you spent some time in?
Bill Klesse:  Well, theoretically we don’t hit the blend wall this year anyway, theoretically…
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Right.
Bill Klesse: So this is more of a precursor of things to come. You don’t hit the blend wall next year. There is a realization that E-15 is not the solution. When the EPA tested E-15 they really only tested the machine systems. The facts are on the API ran tests and out of the three major carburetor fuel pumps in the cars today one of them failed 11 out of 12 times. So, there is now this awareness, AAAs has come out that’s going to these higher ethanol percentages will not work in the car fleet. I think 95% of the car fleet is not warranted or so for a higher ethanol content. So, I think what you have is an awareness that this has to be addressed. There is going to be or scheduled to be hearings. I think it’s in the House Energy Committee here later this summer, but it’s like all things in life, squeaking wheel gets degrees, and when something starts squeaking whether it’s high rent price, high gasoline prices, high something, there will be a lot more attention.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, just one question on E15. Does the EPA acknowledge that that is not a solution or are they still with the mindset that their tests are valid that they conducted on the vehicles, any sense there?
Bill Klesse: I would not have an answer. They are aware that there is this large, where they aware that the cars manufacturers had not changed their warranties and they are aware of this fuel pump issue. So, but I don’t know if they’ve said anything else.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, okay, great, well thanks Bill, I appreciate the comments.
Bill Klesse: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank, please go ahead.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, Bill, I’m so sorry, I mean, I hate the subject myself, believe me, but it seems like we have to going to get into 2014 before we get a resolution on this and that’s when the crisis, it has to become a crisis essentially before we get a solution.
Bill Klesse: Well, I suppose that’s right.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Bill Klesse: Now, I do say, there are going to be hearings, and there is an awareness that there is a problem growing that is of significance. So, you do have awareness, the rest of this is, I am just an engineer working in an oil company, refining company here, you tell me about politics.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, as you know we look to you as the spokesman of the industry Bill, with this regards what Washington is going to do and I think you’ve been quite clear on this. I am just worried that the EPAs poorly, arguably prefers high gasoline prices for efficiency reasons and the politicians aren’t concerned because the gasoline price is relatively low.
Bill Klesse: Well, I would not disagree with the second part of that, I would not put where it’s in the EPAs mouth that they run high gasoline prices.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, certainly change the subject. You’re pursuing obviously that the organic projects that you have, is there anything on M&A asset market transactions. Obviously you’ve been busy with the CST thing, but is there anything to say about any other potential changes to your asset base at refining level I know you’ve referenced pipelines and trains? Thanks. 
Gene Edwards:  Paul, this is Gene. There is pretty slow activity on the M&A right now. I think the issue is the U.S. refineries almost everybody is making money now or they still be making money in the future as these cheaper crudes become available. So that’s really not allowed on the market to couple the where on the market got pulled off, that’s just probably aware off. And then Europe there is some things for sell over there, which you got to look at the European situation as they become the marginal player in the world without the cheap crude, and without cheap natural gas. We got to be top tier basically to be a survivor in Europe. So there is limited activity obviously right now in the whole western hemisphere.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great stuff. And then finally from me on export, can you, there is some concerns that the new capacity in the Middle East and other additional supply globally may threaten the export story. Do you guys have a view on that? Thanks. 
Bill Klesse: Well I think as the [Saudi] refinery comes online part of its parts will clearly be directed to the Houston Mediterranean and into the Med. Clearly some of the Indian Reliance players have moved that way as well as moving to South East Asia. You also have some Chinese projects that are coming online. But I think you have to come back to lease the U.S. Gulf Coast capability here to be very, very competitive. And so if you look at our natural gas cost relative to other refiners, if think about the crude and at least the differentials that Joe spoke to earlier against world markets, there is no doubt in our mind. Even though we’ve had now I will ask about Brent and other things happening that eventually all less is going to go below Brent. We really do believe that this is what’s going to happen. So our crude situation, pricing is very strong. And then you look to new refinery construction, the Brazilian refinery that I guess is going to get done some time here, they’re now up to 16 billion to 20 billion for a 230,000 barrel a day refinery. I think any, and those economies are growing whether it’s Mexico, Colombia or Brazil. So any of these guys that have talked about building a refinery like Ecuador, I just find it personally extremely hard to believe that those countries will spend money to do that. So I think that U.S. Gulf Coast can compete very well into those markets and I think we’ll still send this to Northern Europe. So I think we’re competitive. I think the markets are there for us and U.S. still is a huge market that consumes product as well. So I think you have to have the export markets otherwise U.S. refinery operating rate is going to drop significantly.
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Yeah, we tend to agree, Bill and it’s worth noting that the market cap of your company is not far from what that one refinery this system is going to cost in Brazil is going crazy. Anyway thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative:  It could build one - you could still we’re not for sale, but you could buy all of the Valero for about 1.5 refineries, crazy. 
Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks Bill.
Operator: And our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thanks, just quick question on the McKee turnaround is, when the turnaround is complete is that going to result in any increasing your distillate processing capacity or sorry distillation processing capacity or that’s still a second quarter 2014 event is that right.
Mike Ciskowski:   (inaudible) we have a little bit of because the unit was sort of not performing at its best, as went into the turnaround so we’re gaining some capacity back on crude distillation we’re putting in this energy efficiency project, which allows to improve the yield of diesel off the unit, but yes the expansion that we spoken about the last year call and investor relations is really is in the 2014. 
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay
Mike Ciskowski: Okay, we’re waiting on the Greenhouse gas permits. 
Bill Klesse: Yeah, we do not have the permit is the reason. We have to get our permit.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, what is the turnaround time for permit, when did you guys filing when did you, when would you expect to get a permit.
Bill Klesse: I don’t know when we file. But, the way it’s going now because Texas is not issuing the Greenhouse Gas permit because we have this dispute going now, this is Texas. 
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Mike Ciskowski: I’ll tell you it’s two years. 
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, understand.
Mike Ciskowski:   Just like California, just like the East Coast.
Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Mike Ciskowski:   Not true, that’s not true for some other states.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hey, two questions, first one is going to be around turnaround schedules and the second one is on your self help. Just on the turnarounds, it feels as if you are still doing quite a heavy amount of turnarounds in the system in the first half of this year, is 2013 characterized as a sort of a heavy year, and then it gets a bit better for '14 or '15 or just give us some color potentially.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again, it is a little heavier than I would say our average year is, and we don't have any really big turnaround other than finishing this Quebec turnaround up here in June literally for the rest of the year. Next year is a little bit more towards our average turnaround, which as you know, so we give (inaudible) it's about $600 million year on, somewhere between $400 million and $600 million a year, we are on the $600 million a year side, we’re a little bit lower than that next year, but with the range of turnaround work.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: That's helpful, and then just on these crude topping facilities, $250 million I guess is the average, any idea or sort of a pay back period for those types of things, and they really sort of looking at splitting off the light ends and then exporting the light ends or moving them around the system.  
Bill Klesse : The pay back, of course we make sure it depends on your assumption as to the crude pricing. 
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes all right
Bill Klesse : They have IRS in the over 30% there. And it's based on our assumption as to these discounts, but then the second piece of your question, no they are not. The two that we’re looking at Corpus Christi and Houston. Today those two refineries are short crude fractionation, we buy stuff. So at Houston we have a very large cracker, we buy feed for the cracker. What we are doing in Houston is by building this crude topper fractionator we’ll make our own feed for our conversion units down straight.  Historically in the business, you didn’t really make any money on crude fractionation, you made money on conversion units. So we have a couple of refineries including Wilmington for instance that has a lot of conversion, not a lot of crude fractionation, because it was economic to buy feedstocks. If you are in a world where you have depressed crude oil prices relative to the feedstocks see that there is an incentive to make your own feedstocks and that’s what we’re early doing at both points.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And then doing some math, I mean these hydrocrackers expansion that’s about another 50,000 barrels a day. So slightly under the $0.5 billion that you might get from the current hydrocrackers you get the 30% payback on these crude top facilities some crude up in Quebec. And then you’ve got that maybe $19 million depends on the TI Brent for McKee, I mean all adds up to another sort of $750 million to $1 billion of potential EBITDA improvements and say 2015 as the next round kicks off. Is that a fair reading?
Mike Ciskowski: It’s a fair reading in the sense of you have to make your own assumptions, but as to these differentials making more distill, what’s the distillate crack. But these are why we’re doing those projects we think they fit exactly with how the markets are shaping up.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. In your release you mentioned intention in certain refineries to increase the front end flexibility to process more light sweet crude I apologize if I missed any of your remarks. But any quantification of capital requirements and incremental light sweet crude runs from those efforts
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, Arjun this is (inaudible) we’re just talking about these front end, the topping projects.
Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Yeah. 
Joe Gorder:  So that Corpus and at Houston that Bill is explaining, were crude short first with the downstream and they’re $220 million to $280 million a piece and incremental crude is, I guess Houston 90 day and Corpus is…
Mike Ciskowski: 70.
Joe Gorder: 70 a day, 70,000 barrels a day.
Bill Klesse:  But we have other things going on just and I’m going to tell you just like everybody else in where we’re pushing out medium type crude oils throughout our system to put, be able to handle more of the light crudes. And so, we can run in our system now. I think it’s 680,000 barrels a day. I know we have… 
Mike Ciskowski:  Yeah.
Bill Klesse: 680,000 barrels a day of lighter sweet crudes in our system and we have other projects underway to debottleneck here change and exchange there, move some of the light ends over here and we have quite an effort going on in our engineering groups because we believe this oils is going to be discount.
Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And I guess the big thing was to ensure you kind of don’t lose on utilization, the op cost don’t go crazy. It sounds like you’re that’s the purpose of these projects, you can maintain utilization rates and the op cost will still look reasonable.
Mike Ciskowski:  Well, the purpose is to make money.
Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Yeah.
Mike Ciskowski:  And so we’ll run and outpace, I would not say to you in other words if we’re making more money and our operating costs go up for a barrel basis, I guess I say so why. Okay. So we would be focused on a) we have to hit ex-op cost. What we would want to do is make more money overall.
Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: That makes sense. Thank you so much
Operator: Our next question comes from Allen Good from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research:  Good morning and thanks for taking me. I would run along. Just, I guess as a follow-up question as well on some of the indicated investment for the increase in the export ability as well. Can you remind me what your current export ability is now and where you see that moving to over the next two or three years?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I mean, I think if you look at gasoline today you’d say we could accommodate 225,000 barrels a day and we’ll feel like take that up to 250,000 barrels a day or more going forward. And then diesel, it’s about 280,000 barrels a day, and that goes up to 400,000 barrels a day to 425,000 barrels a day with some of the projects we’ve got underway and the projects we’re really focused on tankage, some typing, some dark work. The tankage would allow for additional segregation, which will enable us to keep higher quality, distillate it, segregate it in and then we can capture the premium when we export. 
Allen Good – Morningstar Research: Okay, great. And then second question. I know two years ago when you did the Pembroke acquisition, you made mention of advantage of some Atlantic Basin opportunities and maybe even exporting back across to the U.S. Given all the changes that we’ve seen here in the crude [part] in North America and the potential for some of the lighter discount crudes to move to the East Coast, do some of those exports options Atlantic Basin still exists for Pembroke and is that acquisition quite stack up now compared to how it was a few years ago given all the changes we’ve seen? 
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I think your comments are fair. But we’re making money in Europe, in U.K in our business. We’ve been able to move gasoline into East Coast. We moved gasoline to Quebec. We shift some gasoline to Brazil. The distillate is going back still towards Europe. So, yeah, I think we have a very sound Atlantic Basin strategy when you consider Pembroke, our Quebec City refinery and then our Gulf Coast operations. So, but yes, the best place in the world to refine today is the U.S. Gulf Coast and, so that’s got to be true, but I don’t why. I think our position is good.
Allen Good – Morningstar Research: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.:  Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Bill, just a friendly push on the heavy-light differential commentary. I get your point that about the probable near-term widening and the heavy-light spread and the “K” factor lag and everything, but just to push you a bit for some color of the spot spread today between, say, LLS and MAYA up 5 bucks. You mentioned in the past that 8% differential is needed to justify marginal coking economic. So can we make a simple extrapolation and say that some of your cokers are technically under water for just that in today or can you correct me in that assertion?
Bill Klesse:  Okay. So the numbers you say are fine. And I’d said really eight would be floor, you probably need 10 and 12. Part of it gets into what you’re comparing at against, whether it’s against Brent, LLS or this now our cookers under water.
Lane Riggs: Other events of break in, if we can make asphalt, it’s actually – if you have the ability to market asphalt versus an open coker you’d be marketing asphalt, but versus fuel you would coke LLC. So that’s sort of that, but we’re right there. We’re right at the breakeven on the coker.
Bill Klesse: So your observation is correct 
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And if margins, the heavy-light spread does not widened like you expect, would you considered reduced throughput of the cokers?
Lane Riggs: Sure.
Bill Klesse: Sure. I think well, Lame, maybe if you couldn’t him very well. If we can make asphalt with some of our plants like Corpus, we’d make asphalt. Then if you have a spare coker, we are looking, now if you have a spare coker if you have optionality and then you look at our fuel oil economics. And so we would balance those as well. 
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, you can spare your coker, it would be, yes, you’re right.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our last question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays, please go ahead.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, a real quick follow-up. Do you have a estimate, what is the opportunity cost related to the downtime in the first quarter for Venezuela and Wilmington, as well as the Texas City, Corpus Christi and the [Port Arthur] into the two different numbers.
Bill Klesse: You want the number for…
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: What is the opportunity cost related to the downtime in your Gulf Coast system and in your West Coast system in the first quarter.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, hang on, we’re going to get there, hold on one second. Including turnaround activity, yeah, I’m going to have to break this out.
Joe Gorder: It could be unplanned downtime.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, so Paul, on the West Coast it was about $31 million, of unplanned downtime and the Gulf Coast it was about $30 million, and do you have the turnaround numbers?
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: I mean, those are opportunity costs, right? It’s not the actual repair cost. It’s the opportunity cost?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, that’s what we call it (inaudible).
Joe Gorder: Yeah, lost margin.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Bill Klesse: And so, that’s just on the unplanned downtime, plus you want the impact of turnarounds?
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, please.
Bill Klesse: Okay, so you’re at. 
Joe Gorder: We don’t have that number. 
Bill Klesse: It’s actually a pretty big number. This looks like it’s over – for the Gulf Coast over $200 million and then West Coast is about $25 million. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, that means that in the West Coast is $25 million right, Gulf coast is $200 million you say?
Bill Klesse:   That’s in that ballpark, yes.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, that means that West Coast, the total downtime you estimate your opportunity cost is along in the $56 million and in the Gulf Coast it is as high as $230 million?
Joe Gorder:   That is a rough estimate based on market margins and impacts due to the turnarounds and unplanned outages.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, very good, Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Okay.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.  
Bill Klesse: Okay, thanks John. And thank you for joining our call today, please visit our website or contact investor relations for this call information.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith – Vice President-Investor Relations Bill Klesse – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joe Gorder – President and Chief Operating Officer Mike Ciskowski – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Lane Riggs – Corporate Senior Vice President-Refining Operations Gene Edwards – Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer
Analysts: Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co. Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Cory Garcia – Raymond James Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc. Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities Ann Kohler – Imperial Capital Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports 2012 Fourth Quarter and Annual Earnings Conference Call. My name is Trish, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ashley Smith. Please go ahead.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Trish, and good morning and welcome to our earnings conference call today. With me are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, President and COO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Kim Bowers, President of Retail and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the Company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Okay, so as noted in the release, we reported fourth quarter 2012 earnings up $1 billion, or $1.82 per share. This includes a non-cash asset impairment loss of $37 million after taxes, or $0.06 per share, which is primarily related to permanently canceled capital projects at certain of our refineries. This is our highest forward curve quarter earnings per share since 2005. For the full-year 2012, net income attributable to Valero stockholders was $2.1 billion, or $3.75 per share. Included in these results were non-cash asset impairment losses of $983 million after taxes, or $1.77 per share, and severance expense of $41 million after taxes, or $0.07 per share mainly related to the shutdown and impairment of the Aruba refinery. Operating income was $1.6 billion versus operating income of $167 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. The increase in operating income was mainly due to higher refining margins in each of our refining regions; partially offsetting the operating income was a significant decline in ethanol margins. Our fourth quarter refining throughput margin was $12.27 per barrel, which is a large increase versus a fourth quarter of 2011 margin, which was $5.46 per barrel. The increase in refining throughput margin was mainly due to wider discounts on medium sour, heavy sour, and domestic light crude oils. For example, comparing the fourth quarter of 2011 to the fourth quarter of 2012, the Brent less Mars medium sour discounts improved by nearly $3 per barrel, Brent less Maya heavy sour discount improved by over $11 per barrel, and the Brent less WTI domestic light discount improved by nearly $7 per barrel. Our fourth quarter 2012 refining throughput volume averaged $2.64 million barrels per day, down 73,000 barrels per day from the fourth quarter of 2011 mainly due to the lack of throughput volume at the Aruba refinery, which was shutdown in the first quarter of 2012. Refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2012 were $3.73 per barrel, which was in line with the third quarter of 2012, slightly below our guidance due mainly to lower than expected energy costs. Before I cover retail and ethanol, I’d like to highlight several other items in our refining operations. First, we had a smooth and successful start-up in December of our new hydrocracker at Port Arthur, which was our largest project in company history. Since mid-December, the unit has been operating at approximately 50,000 barrels per day and has performed well. Last week, we conducted performance test with the technology provider and we have begun rate test that should enable us to operate the unit at or near the permitted maximum rate of approximately 57,000 barrels per day. We are continuing to work on new hydrocracker project at our St. Charles Refinery. We expect to complete that unit and begin operations in the second quarter of 2013. Both of these hydrocrackers were designed to take advantage of the current environment of strong diesel margins and cheap natural gas. Also, in the fourth quarter, we completed and started up our products pipeline that runs from Quebec Refinery to Montréal. Our retail business reported fourth quarter 2012 operating income of $95 million, consisting of $78 million in the U.S. and $17 million in Canada, where we took a $9 million non-cash asset impairment loss per retail stores in Canada. For the year, our retail business generated $348 million of operating income, making it our second best year in history and nearly as high as last year’s record setting level of $381 million. Retail fuel volumes in both regions declined slightly compared to fourth quarter 2011 as weak gasoline demand impacted sales. U.S. retail merchandise sales were higher than on flat merchandise margins in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Canada retail merchandise sales and margins were down slightly in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Our plan to separate our retail business and unlock value for our shareholders is progressing. Earlier this month, CST Brands, Inc. formally known as Corner Store Holdings, Inc. filed an amended registration statement with the SEC. In summary, our plan is to distribute 80% of the shares in CST Brands to Valero shareholders and Valero will receive approximately $1.1 billion in cash and incur a tax liability of approximately $300 million primarily in Canada. We expect to liquidate the remaining 20% of CST Brands outstanding shares within 18 months of the distribution. Regarding timing, we expect the retail distribution will occur in the second quarter of 2013, but that assumes a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS in clearing all comments from the SEC. We believe the separated retail business will perform well and unlock the value for shareholders for several reasons. So first, CST Brands will be the second largest publicly traded independent retailer of fuel and convenience merchandize in North America with nearly 1,900 sites. Second, these sites are located in geographically diverse regions; the Southwestern United States and Eastern Canada. Third, many of these 1,032 U.S. retail sites are in Texas and surrounding states, which have strong economic growth. Fourth, CST Brands have substantial ownership of the sites with approximately 60% owned and not leased. Fifth, there is a long history of strong financial performance in brand recognition. And finally, CST Brands have significant growth opportunities in merchandize, food service, and new build locations. Our Ethanol segment reported operating income of $12 million, which was down $169 million from the fourth quarter of 2011, mainly due to much lower gross margins at high corn prices and excess ethanol inventories squeeze margins to lower levels. Production averaged 2.7 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter of 2012 for a decline of nearly 800,000 gallons per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Until margins improve, we expect reduction rates to remain well below capacity with three of our plants temporarily idle. In the fourth quarter of 2012, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $189 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense was $402 million and net interest expense was $70 million, all in line with company guidance. The effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 34%.  Regarding cash flows in the fourth quarter, capital spending was $942 million which includes $140 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. That brings our full year capital spending including $479 million for turnaround and catalyst expenditures to $3.4 billion or $100 million below our guidance. Also in the fourth quarter, we paid $97 million in cash dividends to our shareholders and bought 4.2 million shares for $133 million in cash. For the full-year 2012, we purchased 10.6 million shares of Valero stock with $280 million of cash. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of December, total debt was $7 billion, cash was $1.7 billion, and our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 22.7%. At the end of December, we had nearly $5.7 billion of available liquidity in addition to cash.  We expect our 2013 capital spending to be consistent with our prior estimate of $2.5 billion, and this includes approximately $200 million for our retail segment. Our 2013 estimate also include spending to complete the St. Charles hydrocracker project, which has a total expected cost of approximately $1.6 billion or an increase of approximately $100 million from our previous estimate. Looking at the economic growth portion of our 2013 capital spending estimate, we're focused on three strategic areas. The first area is logistics and the spending is spread across our refining system for railcars, rail unloading facilities, pipelines, storage and terminals. The objective is to increase our access to more volumes of discounted U.S. and Canadian crude oils. The second strategic area is for modifications to our refineries that increase the flexibility to export products to premium markets and to process more of discounted crude oils, particularly domestic light crude. And the third strategic area is for expanding our distillate focused hydrocrackers Port Arthur, St. Charles and Meraux. Regarding other uses of cash in 2013, we retired $180 million of 6.7% senior notes that matured in mid-January and we expect to retire $300 million of maturing notes in the second quarter of 2013. Last week, our Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend rate by $0.025 per share or 14% to $0.20 per share or $0.80 on an annualized basis, which is our highest level in company history. This increase reflects our positive outlook for Valero and our commitment to return more cash to shareholders.  On the macro side, we continue to believe many of Valero’s refineries have several competitive advantages versus other Atlantic basin refiners including low cost natural gas, increasing access to discounted domestic crude oil, and lager more complex and reliable refineries. These advantages have enabled us to compete both domestic and foreign markets and operate at higher utilization rates versus less competitive Atlantic basin refiners.  For modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. The Gulf Coast at 1.4 million to 1.5 million barrels per day, Midcontinent at 390,000 to 400,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 245,000 to 255,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 450,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter are expected to be around $4 per barrel.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 2.4 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average $0.40 per gallon, including $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. Also we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $170 million and net interest expense should be around $85 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the first quarter should be around $405 million and our effective tax rate in the first quarter should be approximately 35%. Okay, Trish, we have concluded our opening remarks. We will now open the call for questions. I do want to advise callers that our goal is to keep the duration of the call to about an hour. Therefore, we're going to ask that you limit your each turn on asking questions to two questions. If you have additional question, you can hop back into the queue. Okay, Trish.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Please go ahead.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co: Good morning.
Bill Klesse: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co: You guys had a strong quarter throughputs for better than expected cash operating costs lower, but I wanted to focus on gross margin in the Gulf Coast. I assume that feedstock advantages probably flow through and contributed to a very strong margin capture. Could you talk about, any one-time events, or talk about how feedstock changes could be sustainable in continuing strong margin capture. Any step function change in U.S. crude, or Canadian crude influence in the fourth quarter?
Joe Gorder: Jeff, this is Joe, good morning to you too. Yeah, we did well in the Gulf Coast. I mean, if you look at the slate that we ran, we ran more of heavy sour and medium sours in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. So and you actually mentioned during his comments what those discounts look like and they were very strong. We also rail lot more reserves, and while we ran a bit more reserves in the quarter, but we ran reserves with better pricing than we had in the third quarter. A lot of that had to do with the fact that the alluvial production was back on stream. So basically the guys did a just a very good job of optimizing the crude and feedstocks late into the plants. You know, actually in the quarter, we continue to push run more domestic light sweet crude which we were up over, I think 700,000 barrels a day. So all in, if you look at the crude slate, we had discounted crudes coming in really every form.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co: How do you see your feedstock changing with the addition of seaway having started up, I think for middle 250 and the Permian pipes coming on late March or April, an incremental rail coming into the market? How do you see those benefiting you in the first quarter and second quarter going forward?
Joe Gorder: Well, I think clearly we are getting access to more crews, right? And we mentioned I think in the notes that we were a 100% domestic light sweet crude, where we are running sweet crudes in the Gulf, so we back off all of our foreign dollars. And seaway has had an impact Jeff as you know, but they are not running at the rates that have been anticipated, and I think that’s why we see that LLS is still trading at a bit of a premium to brand. I think as you get seaway up to speed and then we’ve got significant additional projects that are going to bring more crude into the Gulf through 2013, you will end up seeing Brent trading at that discount that we are all expecting to LLS going forward, okay. As we run light sweet crudes in lane and Bill can speak to the projects that we are looking at, I think he knows some of those to allow us to run more light sweet crudes, we are going to be in beneficiaries of that.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Doug, your line is open.
Bill Klesse: Doug, whenever you are ready.
Joe Gorder: All right. You might have to hop in next. Trish, can you move to our next caller?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning, guys, great quarter of today.
Bill Klesse: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, just maybe a follow-up on some of those projects, I mean you mentioned fourth quarter placed the important lights with domestics and the Gulf Coast in Memphis, and pursuing several options. So I think I believe you are considering condensate splitter, clearly at Gulf Coast we will see more condensate moving out of the Eagle Ford, Rail was mentioned as an option that would – I think increase in viability if Keystone is delayed or blocked. I mean could you comment just generally on what those projects are because of cost magnitude to mention maybe the logistics spending that will be important as well as that could be put into different structure? And whether any expenses are currently included in that $960 million of strategic 2013 CapEx?
Bill Klesse: All right. Well, Evan, good morning. We are looking at a lot of real projects. And in the logistics capital, if I look at the logistics capital that we have in the 2013 budget is a lot of it has to do with dock capacity, logistics, sure that we have the ability to export the volumes that we’ve got. We think today, we can put 225,000 barrels a day gasoline on the water and we’re looking at ways to increase that at St. Charles at Port Arthur These all we think we can move to 80 a day and we’re looking at projects to take that up to over 400 barrels a day. So a lot of the capital that we have and the capital forecast is for that. In addition, we announced that we bought the railcars and we’re working projects to figure out where we want to take this crude with these railcars. I mean we certainly have somethings in mind, but we are looking at projects, for example, at St. Charles to rail crude in. We’ve got a project that rail crude into Quebec. We’ve got the two West Coast refinery that we’re looking at rail options for. And then Memphis we think we can rail a significant amount of crude in domestic. So we’re working all those options and the guys are going through the overall logistics strategy for that including potentially additional railcars. So as far as the capital attributed to it, right now we don’t have anything identified above the plan.
Joe Gorder:  Yeah.
Bill Klesse: So all those things just to clarify, all those things Joe was talking about, I mean those are included in our strategic growth category which is just under $1 billion for 2013.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley:  That's great. And in terms of Memphis, you say that you were, you back at all foreign imports there. So I presume used kind of Capline. What are you running there and what is – how is it getting there and is there any yield pickup from the slight change at Memphis that's improved its profitability?
Kim Bowers:  I'll speak to the crude supply piece and maybe Lane want to talk to the yield improvements. But we are running Bakken, it’s – really still coming up Capline, and so we haven't changed the method of delivery into that refinery right now. We are looking at waterborne deliveries into Memphis going forward. Right now, the economics have supported continue to use Capline. 
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane Riggs. In terms of the quality of Bakken, it’s really normally around LLS, but I would say because LLS historically have been a blended barrel made from a number of different components, Bakken is a neat barrel and it's been much in terms of its ratability and our ability to steady our operations around running it. We are certainly getting the benefit of a more steady crude diet, it’s lighter so it's really its value versus the LLS directly function of what the gas frac is, but normally it's slightly – just today its slightly just kind of a quality basis to LLS. For us though we are getting quite a bit of value just out of the steady operation running Bakken need to our refinery standout to Memphis.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Okay. I'll be there guys. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, can you hear me now guys. 
Bill Klesse: We can.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I apologize. Technical problem. I hope I didn’t get my course of questions taking here. I wanted to follow-up on Jeff’s, if I may real quick and then I’ll got a follow-up. I guess this question is really for Joe, but as you see the light sweet bar increase in terms of volume in the Gulf Coast, what’s happening to the relationship as you see it for heavy crude particularly as it relates to this historical discount to LLS and what I’m really trying to get out is, if you eventually see LLS move to discount to Brent, do you expect the heavy medium sour oils could maintain their relationship with LLS or not with the discount. I’m just curious as to how you see that playing out and then I’ll got a follow-up please.
Joe Gorder: Well, that’s a good question, Bill and…
Bill Klesse: So I’ll answer it. The way we actually look at it, we would agree that if LLS goes to a discount of Brent, which we expect to happen, the world crude is still Brent. So heavy crude will sell at a discount, but the discount against LLS will narrow but you’ll still have an acceptable discount against Brent. So going into a sunk coker we think that you’ll have economics to do that but not to build the grass roots coker.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So what’s the logic now of expanding your ability to process light crude if the heavy crude is going to move to the same discount as the light if you would I mean?
Bill Klesse: Just because of the availability, we’ll see at Keystone actually gets filled. But as you can see in the press today, enterprises having trouble moving the oil, once it gets to Houston. so we have a lot of availability and personally, we’ve said that the discount and I know its different today, okay? The discount LLS against Brent will move to several dollars at least tariffs, but it could move more. And those will be attractive to run that, but it’s read, it’s just so available where the heavy barrels are having to be imported. So now you start to look around and as I said it depends on what have to a Keystone. But as you begin to look around, the Mexican volumes are moving in different directions, you have the Venezuelan volumes moving different directions, you do have increases in Columbia. So we just manage the supply function here and think the light crude is going to be readily available.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, nice for the full answer, Bill. My follow-up is probably something that you’ve been asked a lot about recently, but your free cash flow obviously steps up this year. You had made this comment again in your rounding statement about having the competitively highest yield in the sector. Can you just help us understand what was framing that, the scale of ultimately what you think between your dividend policy and buybacks? And I guess you could bring into the answer perhaps shares that you issued in the middle of the crisis in terms of whether or not but I don’t know that would prioritize buybacks over dividend increases and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, Doug, I think we clearly have demonstrated the management team that we return cash to the shareholders. You go back to 2006, 2007, when we did not have better opportunities, we bought a lot of shares which we did get some criticism for, but actually we didn’t have better projects, so we returned cash to the shareholders. So we’ve demonstrated our ability to return cash to the shareholder. In the last two years, we purchased 27 million shares. We’ve increased our dividend several times. We continue to buy our shares, because we think our shares are undervalued. We do not think the market is giving us credit for this distribution of our retail businesses. But on the other hand, we’re going to maintain our investment grade rating, we think it’s very important for a company of our size. I actually mentioned, we’re paying off about $500 million of debt here in the first half. And with this volatility that we have in the marketplace today, we are going to hold more cash. So a couple of our projects are slightly behind, obviously as we said, we’re a $100 million over from our previous guidance at St. Charles hydrocracker. So we’re going to make sure we finish all that. Then what we tend to do is look at our balanced approach to everything. In our business, this is a very capital intensive long lead time of business. And if we believe that we can add more shareholder value than we can looking at our stock price today, then we make these investments. So we tend to have balance in our approach. You ask about the approximate 50 million shares that we issued in, I guess the second quarter of 2009. And sure, we would like to take those out. And everybody that supported us at that time sure, have a nice return as well. And but it’s not a goal for say, it’s more of our, the stock is undervalued, and we’ll have a balanced approach.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: We appreciate the answer Bill, thanks.
Bill Klesse: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the dynamics you are seeing along the Gulf Coast and that is, are you getting a widening spread in the East versus West costal price of light, I mean you’re getting a deeper price for light crude to say, Corpus than Houston, and now at seaway a discount – a deeper discount at Houston versus Louisiana. And what do you expect to happen with that East West spread going forward? And then are there any limits to exploiting a lighter spread should want to emerge?
Gene Edwards: Rob, you’re wrong. I mean your description of the market is what we’re seeing. I mean Corpus crude is trading less than Houston crude, and Houston crude is less than St. James. So where we expect going forward, I think if St. James is going to be Bakken based, it’s always going to price more than Eagle Ford into Corpus or the Mid-Continent crude to Permian crude into Houston.
Bill Klesse: So I would add to that that as long as these areas are long, so for instance, I’d like to say Corpus Christi is long, Eagle Ford crude thus it has to move, and it’s going to move with the tariff and some timing deltas. So the clearing places St. James now for LLS, so you’re going to have differentials toward Houston and differentials towards St. James. What you have to have the supply demand imbalance in those markets, the minute the market flips to short than the tariff turns around.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: And then theoretically barge capacity to exploit the spread if one persistent for long enough to want to put money to work in inventory on the water to take advantage of that?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I would say, I don’t know if there is enough barge capacity truly.
Bill Klesse: Well, I think your question is, when you store all along the barge to take advantage or you start make them shipping it.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Yeah, I just – to me when you have a spread like that potentially emerge in that, you guys would seem to be as best places anyone to be able to take advantage of it and I just don’t know, is there some limiting factor, I am not thinking of whether it’s loading, unloading along the coast that kind of circumvent would might be in place already in the pipeline side, is there some kind of storage bottleneck. I just want, what could be a limiting factor that I will be thinking of and your ability to displace that dislocation and offset it in your system?
Bill Klesse: Well, I would assume others are doing what we are doing. We are fixing docks, we are increasing our capability, so if Corpus Christi come, the second quarter we will be able to load a lot more onto water. Lead time for railcars is a year to 18 months, lead time on barges is a year. 
Joe Gorder: Yes.
Bill Klesse: A year, so I think it just tells you by those lead times that those type of assets are short or tight.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.:  Second question from me, when you look at Western Canada Select or bitumen in Canada in general in the spread versus say, Maya in the Gulf, it seems like rail is in no [brainier]? And so you guys ordered a couple of thousand more railcars, some of those will be bit forward moving that crude down. Was about a year turnaround time I think on a new railcar. Why would could that not just accelerate to an exponential degree and where do you see that developing and say, in just overall market, rail lot of Alberta say down in the Gulf Coast and a year or two years time and how much will Valero participate in that?
Bill Klesse: Well, I think Joe answered you earlier said, we are looking at rail at St. James, St. Charles, so that’s the Louisiana.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: And so we are doing it. Clearly, we are looking at rail in the Southern California just like all our competitors are as well. So as far as exponential, there is no question rail is growing very rapidly by every single company and part of it is because of the uncertainty surrounding some of the pipelines and a long lead time that seems to be developing. But the supply is there and the market demand is in these refining centers and you would not get any argument from us, or I think any of our competitors since all of us are buying railcars that this is the big part of our future and this business is your logistics capability to move to stress crude oils through your refineries.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: So if you are in 12 to 18 months time if the market was moving 200,000 to 400,000 barrels a day out of Alberta by rail that wouldn’t surprise you? 
Bill Klesse: I don’t know the numbers I think as well as you do, but it does not surprise me to be a lot of railcars, I just don’t know those kind of numbers.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Sure, okay.
Bill Klesse: Okay, but…
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Well, thanks for your comment.
Bill Klesse: But we’re looking at the same thing that I’m sure you here from the other people.
Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Gotcha. Thank you, guys.
Bill Klesse: Sure, Robert.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Garcia from Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Cory Garcia – Raymond James: Good morning, Klesse.
Bill Klesse: Good morning, Cory.
Cory Garcia – Raymond James: Just kind of one quick question, you guys alluded to in your slide deck regarding your Port Arthur hydrocracker that you’ve been seeing from higher quality diesel and actually some better distilled yields overall. Just wondering how we should kind of think about that today as it normalize back towards your expectations of, I think I want to say, closer to 60%, or have you maintained the high level and really how we sort of get that around in terms of modeling?
Lane Riggs: Hi, Cory, this is Lane Riggs. Right now what we are doing this test run as Ashley alluded to in his opening remarks. We’re at about 80% distillate yield, that take care of what distillate. Our diesel index, our CT index going off the units about 62 on the diesel, which is much better than we had anticipated, the properties on the (inaudible) grade. So certainly these are great distillate yield and a great product for our products if I figure out where this is safe to market.
Bill Klesse: So we’ve got new catalyst, so we’ve got high activity...
Lane Riggs: Right, (inaudible) business.
Bill Klesse: And we think that this unit will run till we have to replace catalysts.
Lane Riggs: 3 years.
Bill Klesse: Three years. So there will be some degradation over that period.
Lane Riggs: That’s right.
Cory Garcia – Raymond James: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Yeah. Good morning, and again, congratulations on the quarter. You’ve talked a little bit about, just specifically in the quarter, sourcing more heavy oil, can you talk a little bit about where are those mediums and heavies are coming from? I mean, is this incremental Canadian barrels, is it kind of, let’s call it Western Hemisphere, is it some out of Middle East, is it a mix of the above? And then as you’re looking forward, we clearly are going to have more heavy sour capacity coming on globally. I was just curious, is it ultimately we need keystone, we need rail, or is there something else you’re looking at in terms of sourcing those mediums and those heavies?
Joe Gorder: Okay. The heavy barrels, I mean we’ve got them out of South America and Mexico, okay. And our normal suppliers, we increased our volumes from Venezuela and from Mexico both. I would say that, I would say there was nothing unusual about the sources of supply of these barrels other than the economics associated with running them versus not running them. We are bringing some heavy sour Canadian crudes into Port Arthur, and we’re running that. But we didn’t have any material change in the volumes there. So and then if I step forward to what you’re talking about going forward. we want heavy sour crude in the Gulf Coast. Keystone pipeline is the most economical way for us to do that. We are still fully supportive of the pipeline and we want to see it happen. Second to that, then you look at other alternatives to get heavy sours up and we continue to look at those, as their capacity on Enbridge, their ability to take the crude into Hartford and then barge it down to St. Charles, which we tend to be doing somehow, can we do more of that.  And then rail, of course, we don't know exactly what those numbers might be today, but we're looking it. We have – needed railcars and we're looking at the ability to move heavy sour Canadian's to be a rail. So we're looking at all the options there Roger.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And the follow-up question looking at the hydrocrackers, obviously we now look at the price of the various products, if I was understood it correctly there is really sensitivity to natural gas as feedstock and power source. Can you walk us through what we should really think about the full quarter contribution in Port Arthur and obviously as we see the ramp up at St. Charles as well. What are the big things we should watch here on the price side to really determine the economics of these.
Gene Edwards:  Yeah, Roger there are several key drivers, natural gas is one of them, diesel is one of them, overall crude is one of them. We've got sensitivities for barrel and the appendix to our standard IR slide deck. To give you a feel for how it’s been running, it's been running at these planned test rates around 50,000 barrels a day. And so far in January where the market has been with low gasoline cracks, but good diesel cracks and pretty cheap natural gas, EBITDA has been up around between $20 and $25 a barrel and we've been running it about 50,000 barrels a day. So it’s been pretty much what we expected. And this is kind of a depressed environment – assume January as full year commodity price debt, but in this environment, it’s been pretty darn good.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Definitely sounds like it. And then, as we think about moving into the spring time, the gasoline crack typically would react a lot better.
Gene Edwards:  That’s correct. You would have to assume – you would hope you could assume a higher average gasoline crack. As Lane said, it’s nearly 80% distillate right now. The remainder is primarily gasoline or gasoline related components. So as that crack picks up, then you should see overall margins.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. The original calculations we looked at was more like two thirds, distilling one third kind of gasoline another. So the 80% reflects, again the comments about catalyst overtime, maybe we think two thirds or one third?
Gene Edwards:  Yeah, we’ll see where it shapes out, because as Bill mentioned, the catalyst is highly selective right now which is advantageous, we’ll where it shapes out, but I’m not ready to change the base model for it.
Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Dahlman Rose. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. I guess a lot of conversation has been around crude, I was a little more curious about product. In general, how have exports looked, is that kind of plateauing obviously there’s been some pretty healthy inventory building in past month or so on the gasoline side. And I was just wondering if there is any trends that stand out to you on the export front, if it’s decelerating or if you anticipate the same kind of growth that we’ve had over the past two years?
Joe Gorder: Okay. Well, hey Sam, it’s Joe. 
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Hey, how are you?
Joe Gorder: I’m good. You?
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose:   I’m good. Thanks. 
Joe Gorder: Good. Well, in the fourth quarter, we moved out almost 110,000 barrels a day of gasoline with primarily in Latin America and Mexico. And those are pretty high numbers, because typically we are doing 60,000 barrels to 70,000 barrels range. So demand was still very good. Latin America is growing and they continue to have supply issues. Mexico’s demand is growing and they have some supply limitations. So from sustainability perspective, we still think that these export markets are going to be very good.  In the first quarter of 2013, from a gasoline perspective, we will probably export less than we did in the fourth quarter and a lot of that has to do with the turnaround activity we got going on in Corpus Christi. If we talk about diesel, diesel inventories unlike gasoline inventories, diesel inventories are low. They are at the low end of the five year range and although U.S. demand for distillate continues to be weak, distillate demand abroad is strong and it continues to grow. In the U.S., I think we exported over 1 million barrels a day.  Diesel fuel, that’s up significantly from where it was last year. Valero exported 157,000 barrels a day of diesel fuel in the fourth quarter and we will increase that volume in the first quarter as we’ve got the throughputs of the new hydrocracker. From our perspective, I think everybody else is always a market driven phenomenon and is the yard open or not and if the yard is open to move the barrels to South America or Europe, we will move them and if not we will keep them here at home. 
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose:   Okay, thank you. That data was really helpful. And then secondly, on the East Coast, I am sure you saw that was officially announced a plant that came up for sale. Historically, it hasn’t been particularly competitive, but I was just wondering how you guys think of the East Coast as a derivative of your LLS thesis, barge activity might accelerate from the Gulf up to the North Atlanta and if you think that timing wise, it couldn’t make sense to position into that theme a little early.
Bill Klesse: Well, as far as Valero’s opinion on the East Coast, we exited the East Coast.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Right.
Bill Klesse: And so I think as far as a refiner goes, we’re still a supplier, marketer into those markets. So our action speak for themselves.
Sam Margolin – Dahlman Rose: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks so much. Have a good one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Guys, good morning. Congratulations on the results.
Bill Klesse:  Thanks, Blake.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Have a question for you on the retail spend, presumably the $1.1 billion of cash coming to the parent company, I assume that’s a result of the retail company taking on leverage. just trying to confirm, can you give us an idea of capital structure for the parent company post spin-off? 
Mike Ciskowski: Well, for the parent for Valero, I mean we’ve just got $7 million worth of debt. We’ll be receiving as we put into release $1.1 billion in cash from the separation. we’ll have about $300 million of tax leakage associated with the separation. And then of course, we are retaining 20% of CST Brands and at some point in the future, I think within 18 months, we’ll dispose.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: And Mike, to be clear that 18 months, should that be thought it was slow kind of bleed into the market or is that holded for 18 months and then all at once sell those shares.
Mike Ciskowski:  We have not determined how we will divest that. We’ll be doing that in the next few months.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay, fair enough. The second question was on MLP. I know in the past, you’ve talked about considering that after the retail spin, it sounds like you’ve got a decent amount of capital investment going into the logistics and midstream side of things. Presumably it would make sense to move sooner rather than later just that you have some incremental revenue opportunity and sell that to the market. I’m just curious if you have any thoughts on your appetite of moving forward with an MLP?
Bill Klesse: It has not changed at all. We have said that we will look at this seriously. We watch what’s happening in the marketplace, and I’m really talking about logistics and [turmoil] here. But really for our organization, the retail spin is occupying many of our people and we need to execute to get this done first. So I haven’t changed what we’re seeing on this subject at all. 
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citi. Please go ahead.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Good morning. It’s Faisel from Citi.
Bill Klesse: Hey, Faisel.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Hey, wondering if you could go back to the crude oil import to the Gulf Coast, particularly the sweet crudes. You talked about how you backed out the foreign imports of sweet crude into the Gulf Coast I believe in the Memphis? In the fourth quarter, what was the impact of backing out those foreign crudes, and what kind of uplift did you get from consuming domestic sweets versus buying foreign born sweets in the fourth quarter?
Joe Gorder: In Memphis, I mean that was really where this happened right. Lane, you have a good idea on the…
Lane Riggs: I’m not sure, are we trying to dollar raises…
Gene Edwards: Yeah, I think he is looking for so…
Joe Gorder: I guess well, actually the numbers are – we were paying LLS plus $0.50 and now it’s like LLS line of $0.50 – it’s a ballpark of (inaudible).
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay. So…
Joe Gorder: Okay. The landed cost versus and it depends on when and which because it’s moving all over the place and we have been making this switch over the past year. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay.
Joe Gorder :   I mean, we were working in foreign industry rivers, we used to bring foreign in the Houston, with foreign in the Memphis, so we have been back in those based on economics, but it could a dollar or a few dollars per barrel economics versus the landed cost of the foreign.
Bill Klesse :
 : We are also starting to see where we are reigning in some of the domestic suites into the Houston area and backing up, in terms of dollar, I think I have to check it, but that’s of course, not just more on suite at this point, particularly in that Houston market, we are seeing where we may be displacing some of our crude assets. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:   Right. I guess about looking at the sequential improvement in margin from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, I mean I get that the heavy crude discounts widened out, I get the more discounts widened out, but I am just trying to figure out, did you have purchases of Light Sweet crude, did they beat the benchmarks in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? Did you purchase them under the benchmark into the Gulf Coast, and Memphis in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, how was it relatively similar?
Joe Gorder :
 : I don’t think there is any change relative to the purchase price of these crudes, and I think you got it right. I think it was heavy sour, medium sour change in the improvement in those discounts, and then the discounts on the residue that really drove the economics. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:   Okay, got you. And was there any… 
Bill Klesse :   However, we will be always acting our economics self interest on this. So we switch to a domestic crude, because it was more economic. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.:   Okay. And what about the impact of the big Permian discounts we saw in the fourth quarter, would you able to purchase those crudes at discount into the Gulf Coast or were they mostly trapped in that area.
Joe Gorder: They are mostly trapped. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay.
Joe Gorder : Yeah, we do move Permian basin, Midland area crudes up to McKee and Ardmore but we've always done that.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, okay. And last question from me. Where there any sort of derivative movements in the quarter, any gains or losses at non-cash directive gains or losses in the quarter?
Joe Gorder: No.
Bill Klesse: No.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup Inc.: Okay, fair enough, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Hey, congrats on the numbers, I wish I had the number out there, so you could beat it. Just on a follow-up to a question earlier. You spoke about Corpus trading at discounts to Houston, and then Bakken trading in St. James at a premium. Maybe I appreciate, it’s a moving target, but if it's possible to be a bit specific about say what is the Eagle Ford discount into Corpus, what is the Permian discounts or the seaway blends down into Houston and what is the Bakken discount into St. James say relative in 4Q, say relative to LLS that would be helpful.
Joe Gorder: Okay. It's relative to LLS and if we keep it just as simple as we can and we have transportation right, okay. There are so many good reports out there now that are addressing this issue then we look at those to, but you've got a couple of dollars of transportation to get the Eagle Ford over to Houston. All right, and then you've got another couple of dollars to get from Houston over to St. James. So theoretically you could argue this Eagle Ford auto trade as an LLS minus $4 over in Corpus and LLS minus $2 in Houston. And then if you look at it relative to WTI and you said what WTI is $3 or so $3.50 to the cost –WTI is going to be, if you took it into the Houston markets, you’re going to – you get it there for $3.5, so it would be a $1.5 over the Eagle Ford and to Houston, and as you took it all the over to St. James you’re $3.50, and so this is the kind of the math we’re working up, we’re doing just kind of the same way, your guys are for saying, okay, what is it going to be if LLS. Bill mentioned it before that St. James will be the clearing point for LLS, and everything is going to trade and it move west to a discount, LLS, and then what next with (inaudible), while you’re going to have it for rent ultimately into the east coast, near the LLS plus $4.50 to $5 a barrel, which is U.S. flag transportation cost to get it up here. 
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Yeah, so that makes a little sense and that’s very helpful, thanks very much. And then I’ve got a chart of LLS, Maya in front of me for what it’s worth, I mean obviously there was a bump up in Q4, and clearly your earning have been benefited from that. Maybe just talk a little bit about market conditions as we come into Q1 in terms of particularly the surprise, but I guess we feel in terms of Mars and Maya benefiting your results more than expected. 
Joe Gorder: Well Maya discounts we’re very good in the fourth quarter, a lot of that has to do with the weakness that we saw in WTS there, despite that discount a bit, and then also we mentioned that the residual fuel markets were weak and so that helped it all. So those residue is still weak today, the WTS discount has come in a bit so those margins have compressed a little bit, but Len and I were talking about it earlier today, I guess we’re seeing medium sours pricing to the Gulf now, basically at a flat price to Light Sweet domestic crudes.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Right.
Joe Gorder: So anyway, we’re still seeing decent discounts on these and you’re seeing pressure on light sweet as more if it gets there.
Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Kohler from Imperial. Please go ahead.
Ann Kohler – Imperial Capital: Great. Good morning gentlemen. Just a question certainly regarding some of the projects that you’re working on, and how you’re viewing the permitting issue and being able to move forward with some of those particularly when thinking about the Houston expansion?
Joe Gorder:  So we are very, I think you’re alluding to the greenhouse gas permitting in?
Ann Kohler – Imperial Capital: Yes.
Joe Gorder: Our Houston and our Corpus Christi refinery due to some units that we have shutdown in the last few years, we’re able to support a project that allows to be underneath the greenhouse gas permitting. The fiscal affect the industry I’m sure everybody is looking at this in terms of investment, it may ultimately limit how big some of these investments can be, if they can make an decent investment, that keeps you below the greenhouse gas permit. So in both our crude expansion project at Corpus and at Houston are spud pretty much at that level.
Ann Kohler – Imperial Capital: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Hi guys.
Bill Klesse: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Congratulations to Joe on making President as well. If I could ask you, first about the export story, you’ve talked about it, but could you just clarify, I think you said, you’re exposing about 100,000 of gasoline. And I think it was 200 of distillate, is that at export capacity now?
Joe Gorder: No. I would say no. The gasoline, that was a good quarter, 100,000 barrels a day gasoline is a good quarter for gasoline exports but we have the ability probably fall and take out 225.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So I got the 225 number and then I think your 280 at diesel is…
Joe Gorder:  Yeah. 280 is where we would say we’re today and then we got logistics projects as we mentioned that improved docks and just really takeaway capacity. We expect to take us up to about 425,000 barrels a day of capacity.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And when – I think did you say the timeframe on that is 2Q?
Joe Gorder: No, no, we’re working on projects right now, some of them will come on in the second quarter, but really I think these projects that we’re taking about will have in place by the end of the year or early next year.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And…
Bill Klesse: 2Q was – we able to load crude out of Corpus Christi.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Got you. And then you’ve mentioned this, there is an expansion of gasoline capacity above the 225?
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Some of these projects and really primarily the stuff we’re doing in St. Charles and Port Arthur take us up to about 250.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s great. And then I know we’re running out of time, so just the follow-up is, one of the issues that we’ve seen with all these crude differential moves has been times right now heavy light spreads, but wee had a pretty good number in Q4. How is that dynamic working now this quarter and how do you expect that to play out? And I’m thinking particularly one of the hardest things when we think about this is the fact that essentially a lot of that heavy crude is priced on a formula with a k factor. But we naturally expect that to be a narrower number going forward, because of how wide it got in Q4? Thanks.
Mike Ciskowski: As I mentioned its coming a bit Paul and a lot of it had to do with the fact that WTS was dislocated for a period there when there was some turnaround activity in midcontinent. So that and then the fact that residuals have been priced at a significant discount, both of those contributed to the mine discount. It has come in a bit and then the Mexicans have adjusted to K to try to get it back relating to market should we see us. I think we still have decent discounts that they have come in.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Right. And could you clarify where the Mexican think it should be?
Joe Gorder: Well, what do we say Bill, on discounts.
Bill Klesse: Well, into a sunk coker I have said to all of you that we need in this 10% range, so that we would have economics to go through the coker, but if you – to have good economics in the coker you need 15%, so but I…
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: I get it, Bill, that’s what you say, that’s it’s kind of clear as long as I guess on the contractual side that’s there for you two I hadn’t heard you kind of – we haven’t split that circle previously. And then the residual fuel aspects of the discount, I guess I’ve heard you say in the past is it kind of a secular issue to do with lower demand for residue? Could you just – in the one minute specific on that – talk a little bit about how you see that playing out?
Joe Gorder: Well, China is not running residue anymore. They’re running crude, okay. So that’s back resilient in the marketplace and then with Libya production back on line, we just found ourselves in longer-supply that we have been in the past. So that would help.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: And I think the demand side is weak as well right?
Joe Gorder: Yeah.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital: Great, thank you. Just one more question is light and heavy discussion. Are all your barrels, the heavy barrels in the Gulf Coast priced off Maya or the barrels from Venezuela and Colombia, does the price side kind done a different metric?
Joe Gorder:  They all look at Maya cheap, but they’re not all priced off from Maya.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital: So the (inaudible) barrels, do you expect the differential to stay wider on those barrels and what’s happening with the formula based on Maya?
Joe Gorder: I would think so.
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital: Okay, great. And then just in first quarter in general, we talked a little bit about this, but how is the environment looking for you now in the different regions, 1Q versus what you realize in the fourth quarter?
Joe Gorder: See, it’s really kind of too soon to say, too soon to get any guidance for the first quarter, particularly in the margin. However we did say that the heavy differentials or discounts did narrow, so. 
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital: Right, okay. And then Bill, you mentioned a couple of times here on Keystone XL, do you have any thoughts on how this might go?
Bill Klesse : I don’t, you mean to the answer of what the administration is going to be?
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital:   Yeah, exactly, exactly. 
Bill Klesse :   My thought would be no better than yours. 
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital: Okay. 
Bill Klesse :   However I think it’s just ridiculous. There is pipelines everywhere, there is a pipeline in front of your home, have in the streets. Canada there is an LOI and the refineries in the U.S. Gulf Coast need the Canadian order and the jobs and the assets and the tax payers are here in the United States. But my opinion is not better than yours. 
Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital:   Yeah. It’s pretty absurd that it doesn’t get on. Thanks, well, I appreciate it. 
Operator:   Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Well, hi guys. Sorry for the follow-up. I just have a couple of quick ones and I want to queue up again. Can you talk about the cash burn in the quarter woven on there in terms of working capital just like, there is a big move there, and finally any comments on what you are hearing in terms of potential LIFO accounting changes on inventory and how that might effect you guys? I will leave it there, thanks. 
Joe Gorder: Okay. In the fourth quarter, we did have an increase in our receivables quite a bit, it’s about $700,000 to $1 million, but that is really a timing issue as our cash received task picked up quite a bit here in January. And part of the differentials that are the reduction in cash as we had our federal or tax payment in the fourth quarter too a large one. So that was part of the reason cash going down.
Bill Klesse: I will note that this business is a taxpayer of nearly $500 million in the quarter.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. 
Joe Gorder: And then you asked the question on LIFO.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, I’m just curious about when you guys are hearing about potential changes and what would happen if we did see International Accounting Standards and employees across the U.S.?
Joe Gorder: Okay, so our LIFO reserve is…. 
Bill Klesse: $6.7 billion.
Joe Gorder:  Is the value not on the books, $6.7 billion. We had $6.7 billion of value that is not represented on our books, so if they get away with LIFO and nothing change, we would owe tax on $6.7 million and again we would be a taxpayer.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, how much of that would be cash, and how much would be non-cash, can you quantify that?
Mike Ciskowski: The cash we pay 35%, I guess 35% of $6.7 billion.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Always that scary number guys, can you put some framework around how likely or what progress you think has been made to not issue on the – I leaver it at that?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I'm going to say it's not going to happen. And obviously LIFO used in many, many industries, it's not unique to the oil business, but I don't say it would happen, and if it did happen, let's say it did, and we would obviously lobby for a payment schedule. But I mean obviously.
Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Bill Klesse: Okay, thanks, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor, Pickering. Please go ahead.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Hi, guys, sorry for the double up, I think you want to wrap up the call. But since you opened Pandora’s box, it’s kind of Brent versus LLS and how you calculate that spread? You referenced to $4 to $5 cost of moving LLS up to the East Coast. I guess my question will be at the limited market and with the rate of growth in U.S. supply, you saturate that market in maybe a quarter or so worth of time. How do you price the spread post that event?
Bill Klesse: Okay. So you’re saying what you’ve got...
Joe Gorder: Maybe, I’d just answer, that’s way out in the future, but I will say to you that the marginal cost of transportation is going to be, why it’s going to be the debt. So if Bakken lays into the East Coast at $15 to $17 by rail, and you can lay it into the U.S. Gulf Coast that $12 by rail, it’s going to have an inherent differential there. I think that’s why you saw one of our competitors lock up some transportation – water transportation from the Gulf coast up to the East Coast. So we would think then those differentials – when the markets are imbalance, we’ll all equate close to the tariffs of the marginal source, water from the Gulf Coast to the East coast or rail from the Bakken or somewhere out there to the East Coast versus getting it all down to the Gulf coast.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah. I guess, I’ll get you on that, once you’re imbalanced, but the moment you flipped to a net long position on the crude and you feel that all the coast. I guess, this is what I’m trying to get to.
Bill Klesse: But then it’s looking for a home.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: And who can take it and it will drive. So if you can’t export crude, then it’s going to be pushing to another refinery, some other place. The other stand we’ll keep doing is discounting and keep backing out some of these other types of crudes, exactly what Valero is looking at here at our Houston refinery where we are a feedstock buyer, we’re looking at crudes units produce our own feedstock.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: So you have projects like that, that we and I’m sure others will look at the key to (inaudible) this up.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: And I could be wrong, but let’s just say, it comes quicker than that project comes online, you’ve already sort of matched on it quite 530,000 barrels a day in your Gulf Coast system. You’ve already got a scenario where some that you are light sweet and that your delivery is equal to your medium sour grades. Is there a scenario where you could force feed more into Gulf Coast system, while you wait on those projects?
Bill Klesse: It’s not to a great extent. We would need the projects and it’s because you would overload your light and handling capability.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: However, we are very smart people and our people are happy and trying to figure out how to handle the light in. But the increment would be, if the delta gets wide enough, we’re going to take it to Quebec.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah. And so that one a pretty quick too I imagine.
Bill Klesse: Well, it’s a 200 and some thousand barrel a day refinery, but yeah, we’ll say it will be, because we like those numbers and they were also involved in line nine, so you will be feeding Quebec from a lot of different ways. And that will be another refinery that today is a – so it’s Canada, but today we’re on four and sweet for Canada, and instead of may grow in U.S. and Western Canadian.
Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Bill Klesse: Okay, thanks, Robert.
Operator: Now, with our last question I’ll now turn it back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thank you, Trish. And I just wanted to thank investors for listening to the call. If you have further questions, please contact Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Operator:   Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee S. Eugene Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning
Analysts: Manav Gupta - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kristin Button - Moody's Corporation, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ashley Smith. You may begin.
Ashley M. Smith: Hey, thank you, Christine. And good morning, welcome to our earnings call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, feel free to contact me after the call. Before we begin, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported third quarter 2012 earnings of $674 million or $1.21 per share. This includes an after-tax noncash asset impairment loss of $341 million or $0.62 per share and after-tax severance expense of $41 million or $0.07 per share, primarily related to the Aruba Refinery as described in the earnings release financial tables under Notes D and E. Excluding these 2 items, third quarter earnings were $1.1 billion or $1.90 per share. Operating income was $1.3 billion versus operating income of $2 billion in the third quarter of 2011. Excluding the previously mentioned items, third quarter 2012 operating income was $1.7 billion. The decrease in operating income was mainly due to lower refining margins in the U.S. Gulf Coast, West Coast and Mid-Continent regions. A decline in retail and ethanol margins also contributed to the decrease in operating income. These declines were somewhat offset by significantly higher refining margins in the North Atlantic region. Our third quarter refining throughput margin was $3.12 per barrel, which is a slight decrease versus third quarter 2011 of $13.24 per barrel. The decrease in refining throughput margin was mainly due to lower discounts on crude oils and feedstocks and lower margins for other products, such as petrochemical feedstocks and propane. However, we saw higher margins for gasoline and diesel in all of our regions, and diesel had the highest margins among our major products. Our third quarter 2012 refining throughput volume averaged 2.6 million barrels per day. That was up 8,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of 2011. The increase in throughput volumes was mainly due to the acquisitions of the Pembroke and Meraux refineries in 2011, which was nearly offset by the lack of throughput at Aruba, hurricane-related downtime and slowdowns at our St. Charles, Memphis and Meraux refineries and unplanned downtime at our Meraux refinery, as a result of the crude unit fire in July. The Meraux refinery restarted its crude unit in mid-October. Excluding the Aruba severance expense, refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2012 were $3.72 per barrel, which was higher than the second quarter of 2012 mainly due to higher energy costs and increased maintenance expense. Operating expense though was lower than guidance due to lower than anticipated cost for catalysts than energy. Our retail business reported quarterly operating income of $41 million, which includes a $12 million noncash asset impairment loss, as described in Note E to the financial tables. Retail operating income was $17 million in the U.S. and $24 million in Canada. The rising crude price environment squeezed retail fuel margins in both regions. Fuel volumes declined slightly compared to third quarter 2011 as weak gasoline demand impacted sales. Our plan to separate our retail business and unlock value for our shareholders is moving forward. In October, we submitted our request to the IRS for a private letter ruling on a tax-efficient distribution of our retail business to our shareholders. Later this quarter, we expect to file a registration statement with the SEC. Given the timing of these events, we expect to complete the retail separation late in the first quarter or early second quarter of 2013. Our Ethanol segment reported a $73 million operating loss in the quarter, which was down $180 million from the third quarter of 2011, mainly due to much lower gross margins as high corn prices and excess ethanol inventories squeezed the margins to very low levels. As a result of the low margins, we reduced our ethanol production to average 2.4 million gallons per day in the third quarter of 2012, a decline of nearly 900,000 gallons per day compared to the third quarter of 2011. The end of third quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $174 million, which was in line with our guidance. Depreciation and amortization expense was $402 million, and net interest expense was $70 million. The effective tax rate in the third quarter was 46%, but excluding the asset impairment losses and the Aruba severance expense, the tax rate was 35%. Regarding cash flows in the third quarter, capital spending was $784 million, which includes a $75 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. We reduced our capital spending guidance for the full year 2012 to approximately 3. -- $3.5 billion versus prior year -- or prior guidance of around $3.6 billion. We expect 2013 capital spending to be $2.5 billion, and that includes approximately $200 million for our retail segment. Also in the third quarter, we paid $97 million in cash dividends to our shareholders. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of September, total debt was $7 billion, cash was $2.5 billion and our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 20.6%. At the end of the third quarter, we also had nearly $5.7 billion of additional liquidity available. Our key growth projects continue to move closer to startup. This week, we expect to begin commissioning activities at our Port Arthur hydrocracker project, and this unit should be operational in December. The St. Charles hydrocracker project remains on schedule to be fully operational in the second quarter of 2013. On the macro side, we believe that Valero and other U.S. Gulf Coast refiners have several competitive advantages versus other Atlantic Basin refiners, including low-cost natural gas, increasing access to discounted domestic crude oil and larger, more complex and reliable refineries. These competitive advantages have enabled us to profitably take market share from less competitive Atlantic Basin refiners. This is exemplified by the high utilization rates in PADD 3 refiners and continued solid export demand for U.S. Gulf Coast products. Now, I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Mike. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast at 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 440,000 to 450,000 barrels per day, West Coast at 275,000 to 285,000 barrels per day and North Atlantic at 320,000 to 330,000 barrels per day, which is lower than third quarter due to a plant-wide turnaround at the Pembroke refinery during most of October. Refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel. Regarding our ethanol operations in the fourth quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 2.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.40 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for noncash costs, such as depreciation and amortization. Also, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation to be around $190 million, and net interest expense should be around $70 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the fourth quarter should be around $405 million, and our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter should be approximately 36%. Okay, Christine. That concludes our opening remarks. We'll now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Manav Gupta - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Manav for Evan today. I had just a couple of quick questions. One was on the West Coast refining margins. They were -- they came in slightly below the indicated margins. Just trying to understand what happened there.
Ashley M. Smith: We really didn't have margin guidance, so not sure what to reconcile for you. Maybe we should -- we can talk about it offline with a little more clarity on what you want us to reconcile to.
Manav Gupta - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm just trying to understand, because sequentially they were slightly lower, but the gasoline prices were higher in that region. So I'm trying to understand what happened there.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes.
William R. Klesse: As one would be that the branded prices as well as unbranded -- and you would be looking at the spot market prices. So as some of the markets were moving and a lot of that occurred in October, but it did occur some in September, that our average for gasoline products would be less than the spot market, than what we actually saw.
Ashley M. Smith: That's a contributing factor. Also some of our feedstock costs, we run a lot of EGO [ph] out there, even ANS. Some of those prices relative to benchmarks may not have kept up, so margins were impacted there, but there's no one key driver.
Manav Gupta - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just...
William R. Klesse: This is really by guess that it was somewhat on the 70-30 split. So that would raise our gas oil cost, as gasoline point of sale.
Manav Gupta - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And one more quick question. In the first quarter of next year, you have pipelines connecting the Permian Basin down to the Gulf Coast, whether it's Permian Express or reversal of Longhorn, so how would your refineries benefit from that?
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, these are WTI -- this is Gene Edwards. These are WTI-type crudes, sweet crudes and those pipelines come into the Houston area, so we can run those crudes in our Houston refinery along with the Guilford crude or any other crudes that -- such as [ph] sweet crudes in that area. We can also run some of that in our Texas City refinery as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert of Simmons.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: You guys provided some capital spending guidance for 2012 a little bit lower, 2013 maybe a little bit higher than previously discussed. Could you talk about opportunities for growth CapEx and maybe the major buckets that you see opportunity, infrastructure, flexibility to use more light crudes and anything else that you might see on the growth CapEx front?
William R. Klesse: Well, Ashley is looking for some numbers, Jeff. But the guidance that we've given you for '13 has always been $2 billion to $2.5 billion. And so as far as I'm concerned, we're still within our guidance. We've also pointed out that retail spending in that number is about $188 million, I think we rounded to $200 million. So as far as I'm concerned, we're still within our guidance. Now some -- clearly and I've said this, our St. Charles project is what we'd lost about 2 to 3 months from our original schedule. So based on what I gave maybe on the last call, we're on time with that. But from the original schedule, we're behind. So we have some carryover into '13 from that project, and that's largely -- there's $100 million reduction for this year sliding into next year. But basically, I consider us still within our range. And Ashley has some numbers for you.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes Jeff, so next year it looks like we'll spend between $950 million and $1 billion on strategic projects. It's distributed across several areas, several segments, but mostly it's in refining. In those strategic buckets, there's some crude expansions and a bit, some flexibility projects. As Bill mentioned, McKee and Port Arthur, Houston, just small spending across several of those, looking at projects that might allow us to get some more throughput through those hydrocrackers, the new ones at St. Charles and Port Arthur, plus Meraux. And there's other various logistics and biodiesel and retail and pipelines of terminals, things like that.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Secondly, in shifting Aruba towards a terminal, what do you see profitability looking like as a terminal in 2013? And how does that compare to the cost in Aruba in 2012? How do we think about year-on-year change?
William R. Klesse: Well, we lost, over the last several quarters, somewhere in the $8 million to $10 million a month in Aruba. And this year we lost over the last year or 2, in the order of, on average around $100 million, $120 million. One year was higher than the other. So we don't usually give that kind of info out, but we've had a loss in Aruba. And we believe that a terminal operation will be a good project for us there. We're still fixing some tanks, fixing the dock, things that we're doing and have been doing. But we expect the business, it'll test out for us in '13. With all the volatility we see in the markets, the forward curve, once it gets into contango in certain products, there's just a lot opportunity to start. And Aruba has very deep water. You can pull a d [ph] right into the docks, so we think it's a good project.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Kessler of TPH.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I had 2 questions for you. One is with the near elimination of light crude imports in the Gulf Coast, it begs a question in my mind. And that is ultimately, do you see the capability of loading some Gulf Coast-located light crude on a ship and moving it up to Quebec City and ultimately processing it there? I know it probably wouldn't work at today's spreads, but what sort of logistics might be involved? And what spread, let's say, between LLS and Brent or whatever benchmark you think is appropriate, might you need to make that happen? And then the other question is just if you would, remind me what your thoughts are on buybacks and when you might see a material program there?
William R. Klesse: On the first question on Quebec, some crude has already moved from the Gulf Coast to Canada, some out of Corpus Christi as well. That's actually where some of the economics work better. Freight cost average is maybe $2 a barrel or a little less, so it's all economic-driven compared as long as you have your license to export into Canada and some has already moved. And this is something that Valero will do, too, as other companies are looking at. We can run in Quebec somewhere in the 85% to 90% of our charge. There could all be basic -- basically light, sweet crude. And today, that's the -- even though it's a Canadian refinery, it runs imported oil, Algerian, CPC, North Sea, West Africa, it runs all those kind of crudes today. So for us, as we look at it, as the crude continues to cover the Gulf Coast, and we're quite convinced that the original premise we had a year or so ago is actually going to happen, there's going to be lots of light, sweet crude on the U.S. Gulf Coast, it's going to be looking for a home.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I think some people forget that refinery way up there might have seen the benefit from this, and thanks for that information. Can you tell me, do you guys have any kind of market analysis on what you think the Eastern Coast of Canada, the refineries on the Eastern side of Canada could ultimately take as far as Gulf Coast based light crude?
William R. Klesse: Well, there's 4 refineries up there, and some run some medium sours as well, Irvin [ph], but really you need to kind of look that up. We would have an opinion, but we know better what we can do. And just to be totally -- so that you understand the whole situation. We expect to take wider crude oil, Syncrude and other crudes from the West as well, moving it into Montréal and then getting it up to the Quebec refineries. So the feedstock slate for our Quebec refinery is going to change.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then buybacks?
William R. Klesse: Well, I've said all along that we think our stock, and actually, it's the whole refining industry but us in particular, we're undervalued when you sell it at 4x EBITDA. We have these projects coming on that I think separate us from the pack, so that when you -- our 2 hydrocrackers by the second quarter of next year will be major contributors. They are absolutely the right project for the right time. And so we think our stock is undervalued. But if I go to a ranking of -- and this is, I believe, absolutely consistent with what we said in the past, it's always safety and reliability first. We're improving our reliability around the system, and we continue to spend money to do that. Investment-grade rating is absolutely key. We have adequate cash to fund this business. As Mike said in his notes, we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash. We have lots of liquidity, as he also said. We're going to fund our projects through completion here. The Diamond Green Diesel project spills over, and frankly, we will expand both our hydrocrackers pretty much right out of the chute here as we get our permits. We continue to look for excellent investment opportunities. To be honest, some of our shareholders want to see the cash, and some of our shareholders want us to invest in good projects. So we continue to look for that. But we match that up against the comment I started with that our shares are undervalued. So that when we get to returning our cash to the shareholder, we've raised our dividends several times. And I have said that we want to have a yield that's among the highest in our peer group. And we have purchased our stock, we didn't purchase any stock in the third quarter as we've got our retail separation underway here, and we were building some liquidity. But we bought -- last year, we bought 17 million shares and this year, we've already bought 6 million shares. So we've actually demonstrated that as well. And so I think that's pretty well, I think we've been very consistent as to what we were doing.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. Anything that precludes you from buying back stock between now and the time of the retail spin?
William R. Klesse: No, there is nothing that does.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got 2 or 3 quick ones, hopefully. We haven't really seen weight -- weight-heavy differentials in quite a while. We seem to be seeing them right now. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the market that caused that? And on the same token, if you look at your runs, it looks like you upped your heavy runs this quarter and also your light runs. So a little bit, maybe some color around how those 2 things are interacting. And I've got a couple of quick follow-ups, please.
S. Eugene Edwards: Doug, this is Gene again. I think what's driving light heavy [indiscernible] has gotten a little bit weaker compared to where we had been. So with this running about $16 discount to Brent, so you've seen all the crudes follow that, including the Maya and the heavy sours. Probably more importantly, the medium sours. Those have been running in the $7 to $8 range discount to Brent over the last month or so, which is good. And WTF [ph] is also cheaper. So you throw all those in there, it's just given us better discounts on medium and heavy sour crudes.
Kristin Button - Moody's Corporation, Research Division: So are you meaning for a change in your slate, Gene, to adjust to that?
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, we're always optimized, and we run economics every day cargo by cargo, whether we -- sweets or TTT [ph]. LLS is trading about even to Brent. And remember that Brent is before transportation, so LLS is a big discount to Borden [ph] sweets. So we're always optimizing our slate every day because we have a lot flexibility in the system. And so we're just -- like I said, we're taking advantage of all.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great stuff. So my follow-ups are really 2 strategic questions. Let me group them together and see how best you can, and I just want you to be able to answer them. The first one is, I think though in the past, you've talked backwards and forwards about whether California was actually a core region for you going forward given the regulatory spending. There was a little bit of charter in the market a few weeks back that maybe there was some movement in that regard. I wonder if you could comment on that. And on the same vein, Mike and I had the opportunity to talk a little bit about what was going on in the summertime over the MLPs that were being listed in the form of refining, mainly northern tier. Now we've seen that thing wash out with a fairly substantial multiple uplift for refinery, which I think was a little different than it was though in the summer. So I'm wondering how that might have changed your view around, for example, Ardmore, McKee, some of the high cash-flowing assets and whether that's something you might want to consider down the road? And I'll leave it at those 2, please.
William R. Klesse: Well, Doug, on California, I have said that we continue to look at our options. We work for the shareholder, and we think that the regulatory environment in California is not constructive to the California economy. It's not constructive to the working person, and it's not constructive to our industry. Whether it's AB32 or whatever regulations we're faced with, but in AB32 particularly, the academics and the extremeness have hijacked the process. And they've made -- they're coming up with regulations that are totally not workable. So we look at our options, and we continue to look at our options. But on the other hand, we do not comment on rumors. On MLPs, our organization is really working on the retail separation. We would still consolidate. See, there is some financial theory here in that we borrow -- borrowing costs are very low. We're not in need of any cash, and so there is a discussion about this from the company that says any funds at the lowest cost. However, in acquisitions, it's clear that the MLP is an excellent acquisitions vehicle, the market clearly likes that approach. And we have some pipelines and turmoils that we can contribute to an MLP. So our strategy is to finish our retail separation, and then as I think Mike probably told you and we've said in the past, that we're going to look for MLP. The third part of your question is on the refining. And clearly, NTI has traded better here, because initially, it did not trade that well. But it is these type of assets, as you know, and as the others on the call know, their high cash flow is, in fact, tied to the WTI, LLS or Brent spread. I mean refining is all about location today. And if you're in the right location, your cash flows are huge. But there is a forward curve or a forward expectation. And so you get into a conversation of what you could actually realize doing that today. We think that would not necessarily result in an advantage to our shareholders.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could I push you a little bit on the pipeline and terminals, because obviously, new start, kind of, I guess, as all the legacy stuff, what is the appetite and what is the potential scale in terms of current EBITDA that you would associate with those pipelines and terminals because I was under the impression you did not have a whole heck of a lot left.
William R. Klesse: Well, we can -- we would have somewhere between $50 million and $100 million of EBITDA just dealing straight, like just taking terminals and pipelines. And remember, we are partners with Kinder Morgan on the Parkway pipeline. We have our big pipeline project in Canada, which is just about finished here, and again, ready to start up. So we have assets in our system. But also, we have package and other things that are being dropped in MLPs as well. So we would have -- it would be a small MLP, but it wouldn't be any smaller, I guess, than a couple of the others out there. And we would have the opportunity to drop other assets as we go through the future. So we'll look at it. We've said we were going to look at it, but our focus today is really on the retail separation, because we do believe that adds significant shareholder value. And I might add, we don't think the stock -- our stock reflects that value.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A number of quick questions. Actually, can you remind me the retail spin of your ethanol facility is going to be included, or it's going to stay with the Valero?
Ashley M. Smith: Ethanol segment is going to stay with Valero. That's not part of their planned asset.
William R. Klesse: The retail spin in the United States -- the retail separation in the United States is the company-operated stores. It's 1,025. And it's the 775 stores, 250 of which we own, and the rest where we control the price or manage the price at the pump in Canada. That is the business that we are separating, including home heating and car block in Canada.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. Secondly, if I look at the number, next year CapEx is 2.5. And I think Ashley said that strategic, there's probably 90 [ph] to a billion, and 200 is for retail. So that means that the remaining sustaining capital is about 1.3 for the refining and the ethanol together. Is that a reasonable proxy as ongoing sustaining capital, or that next year's particularly high or particularly low?
William R. Klesse: I've given out in the past with our business, and I would say DD&A runs for us about 1.4 billion. It's going to change a little bit with the hydrocrackers, obviously. It will go up probably 100 million. So then we have retail come out. I think the sustaining capital is really in the 1 5, 1 6, and that's the number that I've given to people. 1 5, 1 6, 1 7 in all the past. Next year, we're finishing some projects, it might be a little lower next year. Turnarounds catalysts are $600 million a year for us. So I think this 1 5 to 1 7, the numbers we've given in the past, are the right numbers.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, the 1 5 to 1 7, is that including retail or not including retail?
William R. Klesse: Well, sustaining capital, it would include retail in my conversation...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So the retail sustaining is probably 150, 200 right?
William R. Klesse: It's very small for retail as sustaining capital. It's very small. So I think my range of this 1 5 to 1 7 is a good range for you guys to think of us as sustaining capital for the refining pipeline terminal business that we have.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Very good. Mike, on the North Atlantic, the sequential margin, up about $5 from the second quarter. If I look at the benchmark indicator, whether it's in Europe or in the Northeast market, does not go up by $5. So the question is that, is there any one-off benefit in the North Atlantic we should take into consideration? Or that you think is, really they're running well and is more like a normal run rate that we can base on going forward?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. In the North Atlantic, I think the marketing operations performed fairly well during this period, which would have given it a little bit of margin above that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I see. Mike, on -- in the past, as you guys mentioned that you have unplanned downtime, both with [indiscernible] and on penalties in Meraux. You have any kind of cost estimate, opportunity cost estimate related to this downtime in the quarter?
William R. Klesse: Well, the lost revenue for Meraux, which some spilt into October, but was $53 million. And then it took us about $16 million for the repair.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: $16 million?
William R. Klesse: $16 million for the repair. Now, we did a lot of reliability work while the unit was down. But the lost opportunity was...
Ashley M. Smith: $53 million for the crude and then another $13 million just for the hurricane impact.
William R. Klesse: So between the 2, 66 between the 2 events just for Meraux.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just from Meraux. How about the Isla [ph] impact on the other facility?
Ashley M. Smith: It's -- St. Charles was shut down, and it was about a $34 million impact on gross margin.
William R. Klesse: From the hurricane.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, from the hurricane.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And can you guys share with us some, maybe market data about the retail in your only retail network that the gasoline same-store sales in October, how's that looked? And also that -- how's the export so far in October comparing to the third quarter?
William R. Klesse: So on this retail store sales in the October, how did they look compared to September?
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, comparing to the year ago October on a same store year-over-year.
S. Eugene Edwards: We're running flat.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Running flat?
S. Eugene Edwards: To last year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How about export?
William R. Klesse: Okay. Now export back to the refining group, exports right now are back up from the third quarter level for diesel. And now in the third quarter, exports were down as the harbors closed for part of the time. On gasoline, they've been about -- they were running at 75,000 barrel a day range.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And for the hydrocracker, Bill, you had delay, as you say that on maybe 2 or 3 months, is that result in any change in your overall cost estimate, or it's pretty much still about the same?
William R. Klesse: No, it has changed our cost estimate. And again, these are numbers -- they're not changed, I think, from when I've seen -- saw you. But at our Port Arthur, we still expect to underrun that project. But at St. Charles, we are overrunning the project. And so on total, they're on budget, when you add them both together, very close to being on budget. But clearly, the delay at St. Charles is costing us additional money. Now, all I say to you is for Valero -- I know Exxon and these guys do big projects. For Valero, these are huge projects for us, and our people are managing these pretty darn gone well. But we're just a few months behind.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two final questions. One, do have any committed to the Enbridge Line 9 reversal to ship barrel, so that you can take it from there, from Montréal up into Quebec City?
William R. Klesse: Well, the answer is yes, we do, assuming they can get their permits to reverse the pipeline into Montréal, and this was why I added that to the other question earlier. But we have a commitment to ship on that line along with Suncor.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, can you share with us how big is that commitment?
William R. Klesse: Petro Canada.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Final one. On the hydrocracker, I guess that with the dividend growth, the next dividend increase or reconsideration by the board, do we need to wait until the hydrocracker, both of them come on stream or that even after Port Arthur will come on stream, you will feel more confident about your cash flow and would be able to relook at your regular dividend, given I think a lot of your loan accounts perhaps that may be more in kind [indiscernible] back of a dividend than the share buyback.
William R. Klesse: Right now on the dividend, management will have a recommendation either to hold it or stay the same but it is a board item. It will go through our forecast with our board. Our hydrocrackers, honest, they're not up and running yet but those are, as you properly stated, are significant. And so this will be a board discussion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is that discussion going to be, say, have to wait until after both of them come on stream or even after one of them come on stream that we'll have that discussion already?
William R. Klesse: Paul, I respect your question. I understand what you're asking, but I'm going to answer you that you're not going to be satisfied. And what I'm going to say is we as management will have a recommendation for our board, and we will discuss that it the board meeting. We want a dividend that we can sustain, and we also want a dividend that's going to yield, as I said, the highest among our peers. And we'll look at that as well as my other comment where we think our stock is undervalued. So I am just going to say to you that it's a board item and it will be discussed.
Operator: Our next question is from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I had 2 questions for you. One was on the Retail. If I understood correctly, you were previously evaluating either a spin or a sale. It sounds like if I'm reading correctly, you've eliminated the sale option and now just simply pursuing the spin, is that correct?
William R. Klesse: That is not correct. We are pursuing a separation, but our board has only authorized us to do the analysis around this. I know we used the words that things are moving forward, but we do not even have board approval for a separation. We have board approval to look at this, and we all realize that there's a shareholder value accretion that we've spoken about. But we are going through here to make sure that we maximize shareholder value and at the same time, treat the business and our people correctly as well.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then the second was on M&A. I guess it's kind of a twofold question. One, obviously, Murphy seems to be a little bit more aggressive in exiting the R&M business, and it's always been, I guess, envisioned that Valero is a natural buyer of Milford Haven. Just curious if you have any thoughts there. And then secondly, just from a broader M&A standpoint, now that Texas City is off the market and Alliance [ph] has been removed, it seems like most of the major assets have been kind of plucked off at this point. I'm just curious, Valero, you've been historically fairly active on the acquisition front, is it fair to think that we kind of move away from that and more just to a free cash flow generator?
William R. Klesse: Well, there's a lot of issues there, Blake. As far as specific assets, whether it's Murphy, Milford Haven or other things that are in the market, we tend to look at these acquisitions, are they going to integrate with our system? That's why we like the Meraux, as it integrated with St. Charles and frankly, our other the Gulf Coast plants. We're of the mind in the U.S. that demand is not going to grow certainly for gasoline. Maybe there's some bounce if people get back to work but long term, gasoline is not growing. Diesel will have some growth, but it still hasn't recovered from the great recession, and it will be years before it does. So whatever we tend to look at, we're looking at in a way the Atlantic Basin and being able to be a stronger competitor in the export business. So all the things that we look at, we want to be able to say at the end of the day that we've been able to integrate this and actually are lowering the cost from the womb to the tomb. So we continue to look, and at least our experience here would be that other assets will come to the market because the refining industry is going to continue to consolidate the United States and Western Europe. There's just no doubt in my mind about that. So we'll continue to look. So I would not say that we're not an active player, but we are after things that make us more competitive as we have to deal in the export market.
Operator: Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to, I guess, follow up a little bit on the export and maybe talk a little bit about global capacity you see on the horizon in '13. If I understood correctly 75,000 barrels a day of gasoline in Q3, I didn't catch the distillate number, but what do you see is the capability to grow that in '13? And then, what are you going to be pushing against in terms of identified global growth that you may be pushing back, could impact margins, et cetera?
William R. Klesse: Well, our exports in the third quarter were about 118,000 on diesel just so you have -- 118,000 barrels a day. That was actually down from where we've been averaging, which is somewhere just on average 175,000 barrels a day. Now, and our industry then has been exporting 1 million barrels a day of diesel. And somewhere in the 400,000 to 500,000 barrels -- 300,000 to 500,000 barrels a day of gasoline. So Valero is somewhere in the range of 20% or so of the export business in that range. Now there is capacity that comes into the market. Refining capacity is being built. Also the world demand is going up. We still expect for next year because you were talking about '13, that the world will increase, we think maybe 1 to 1.2 million barrels a day of consumption, so it can absorb some of this additional capacity. The U.S. is the most economic place here, low natural gas costs, some discounts or at least parity with world prices for sweet crude, and then we also have very fine operating people. So we think we can compete in the business and the business grows. It doesn't change my statement though that I've made in the past, and that is Western Europe is long refining for sure. And without exports, the United States is long refining for sure. So things will continue to rationalize in those markets going forward, but we think we can compete, one as a company and two as an industry. And the markets continue to grow. The third thing I would add to that conversation is all the Brazilian refineries that you read so much about, they're late and they're costing them a lot more. One is getting done here but the others are -- they're going to spend a huge amount of money if they actually proceed with them. The Venezuelan refineries are in disarray. And certainly, the debate continues as to what Mexico does, and the facts are the Mexican economies grow and the Brazilian economies are growing. So for companies like us located on the Gulf Coast, we think we can get into these markets and be doggone competitive. And Europe continues to be systemically short diesel on an annual basis.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So as a follow-up to that, where do you think your export volumes can go next year? I mean obviously you have the hydrocrackers coming online, which are going to grow volumes for you. Nobody I think believes the U.S. is going to be in a robust growth mode next year. So I mean, the exports are very much the outlet. Where are you in terms of actual keyside capacity and ability to roll this out?
William R. Klesse: That's a general -- and that's very fair question. It's a general statement because Motivo [ph] will eventually be back as well. And so Europe will basically take somewhere around half of our diesel exports, and the rest of the diesel exports are going to the Caribbean and other places. On gasoline, primarily Mexico, Colombia, Brazil and you may see a cargo or 2 go over to West Africa. Our Quebec refinery, just as a little side note, has been able to export diesel into New York Harbor. So -- but clearly, it's the same places as they continue to grow. Reaching out further, they would all be ad hoc. But remember, the Gulf Coast market is extremely liquid market.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Absolutely. Okay. And then my last question for you, on ethanol, obviously, a really tough quarter. Looking at the volumes you ran in the third quarter and what you're indicating as reasonable volumes for the fourth quarter, what changes, if anything, versus the fairly significant loss we saw in the third quarter as we look at the fourth? I mean, if volumes are going to be slightly higher, is that an indication that there's a little bit better margin story here than what we've been seeing?
S. Eugene Edwards: This is Gene again. We've got good margins in probably 5 of our plants. We have 2 plants that are basically down. We're keeping the enzymes active, so we'll start up a couple of days a month on those, but there's 2 of them down and there's 3 plants that are cut back. So we're running 2.4, 2.5 million gallons a day of capacity of about 3.6. So we're running probably about right at 2/3 utilization. So we see margins improve. We had a big loss in third quarter. We're about breakeven on an EBITDA basis now with the plants on a consolidated basis, but it's still not nearly as good as it was last year in the fourth quarter. And inventories are still basically at 17.3 million barrels, which are up about 1.5 million barrels from last year. So until we work that off, I don't see that we're going to get a big pop in margins. But we did draw about 204,000 barrels a day last week. So if we keep drawing at that pace, in a month or 2, we can claim some of this off, so it just depends on the demand. Imports have been the big factor. You don't have a lot of imports from Brazil recently. They've announced they're going to go from 20% of their gasoline pool to 25%. I think we'll see some of those imports slow down a little bit and then plus they're at the end of their harvest season for sugar. So I think that should diminish. So I think the market will continue to clean itself up. It's just taking longer than it normally has.
William R. Klesse: And for us, corn prices have stabilized where they were moving around so much. They've kind of stabilized here at the $7.40 a bushel area.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just a little follow-up on that. How quickly can you react within your ethanol plants to those market conditions changing? Are you as agile as in refining is literally a daily basis change or, any help along those lines on your flexibility?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, it's pretty quick. If the margin were to improve next week, we can source more corn. The plants that are running obviously just seems to start increasing right away. And then the other 2 plants that have been down, we have been doing these monthly refreshes to keep the enzymes active, so you can get them started up on a short notice. We'll probably decide, going into the winter though you notice when you get colder weather there, do we -- if the plant is down, that's a big problem with a lot of water in the system, so we'll probably have to make a decision in the next month or so where we're going to try to start up here in the winter or just leave those 2 plants down throughout the rest of the winter. We'll be watching the market closely on that.
Operator: Our next question is from Rakesh Advani of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Ed Westlake actually. So you mentioned an interesting number, which is $2 to get crude from, I guess, the Gulf up to your Canadian facilities. That seems low for a Jones Act ship. Is there something funny going on? And maybe talk to how much crude you could move with the existing shipping that's available on that route. And then I have a follow-on question.
William R. Klesse: Well, Ed, I'm surprised with you on the Jones Act ship. Canada is not the United States. It's still part of the British Commonwealth though.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. Yes, indeed. And my wife is Canadian, so I should know that. So effectively you use just regular shipping, and that's why it's so cheap. Do you -- would you have a number if you had to ship crude up to -- do you think if the industry had to ship crude up to the East Coast?
William R. Klesse: Well, sure it would be -- it's 3x. So it's very, very... Go ahead, Gene.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, Phillips has announced something. It was in the press that they're shipping their barrels up to their neighbor refinery and I think they got a deal of $4.50 a barrel or so.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. That's helpful. And then the follow-on question is around sort of the advantage position you have even in the Gulf, I think around 900,000 barrels a day capacity in Texas. Obviously, with the Eagle Ford and the Permian growing quickly, those refineries are kind of in the line of fire of that crude growth whereas it probably cost a little bit more and then maybe some bottlenecks to get crude over to the Louisiana refineries. Do you have any sort of numbers for us that could help in terms of quantifying how much of a dollar a barrel advantage you have in West Texas?
William R. Klesse: Well, I would say to you, Ed, Gene and I will try to answer you. It's probably $1. Once you put it on the ship, you got to load it, you have all these costs to get on a ship. So if you assume sweet crude oil, say, from Corpus Christi to Meraux, I would say you'd have at least $1 dollar advantage at Corpus.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think it's $1 or $2. And furthermore, Houston and Corpus are probably going to be a similar parity. And what's going to clear the Houston to St. James market is going to be the SOHO line, which is going to be their quoted [indiscernible], $2 a barrel on that. So I think you got at least $1 a barrel to Houston, and probably 2 barrels -- $2 for Corpus Christi kind of the memo. And then as you get up to McKee, obviously the numbers get even more discounted because of the -- you've got to clear the seaway pipeline tariff, or the long-haul reversal or these type of tariffs too, and is an advantage for McKee and our board.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, so generally, you'd say that West Texas is about $2 discount to LLS in Louisiana and then so maybe some additional advantages for being initial off takers for some of the crude providers from the Permian and Eagle Ford?
William R. Klesse: Now we want to be clear on this. Once you get it to the water, Gene was speaking, if you have crude in West Texas, you have that tariff to get it to Houston or Cushing and then Cushing to Houston. So then that tariff on these pipelines being built. I thought we were answering your question as moving it on the Gulf Coast. You have it already in Eagle Ford and Corpus Christi or you have a crude in Houston. And those are the numbers Gene was giving you. If you're talking about Midland or Cushing, you have to incur that tariff as well.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I know. I was just talking about moving stuff along the Gulf, so it's been very helpful.
S. Eugene Edwards: A follow-up to that is we're talking to our crude traders about that, taking crude from Corpus to Louisiana by U.S. flag is about the $2 a barrel, is about the same as foreign flags into Canada at $2 barrel. Kind of amazing.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Bill, the delivered cost advantage for U.S. exporters is pretty clear, but just to clarify something you said a minute ago, did you say that your exports were a little weaker recently? And if I heard that correctly, were there regional markets that were taking less product and why or was it something else?
William R. Klesse: In the third quarter, our distillate exports were down from second and down from what we expect in the fourth. And that had to do with the arb, it had to do with inventories. There was just a lot of reasons.
S. Eugene Edwards: There's also the hurricane outage on the Gulf Coast.
William R. Klesse: And Gene is right, we had the hurricane on the Gulf Coast as well. So that -- and that's actually -- and what happened is the domestic markets were very strong so the arb wasn't open. And we run on economics.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: High-quality problem. And then also, in California, you've been very consistent over the years with your views on the regulatory regime. And when you make your strategic assessment on your positions out there, is it the compliance cost for the new standards in '13 or '15 that represent the greatest concern or is it something more broad? And either way, is there an order of magnitude that you can give us as it relates to the cost structure that would be likely related to regulations in California?
William R. Klesse: Well, it's an excellent question. Actually, this AB32 -- so the cap and trade program that's starting now and the low carbon fuels that tend to restrict which types of crude you can run, these programs are all starting. So the basic issue on low profitability in the West Coast has actually been crude sourcing, so do people have an advantage crude source. And secondly, we still have over 10% unemployment now in California. California is 2/3 of the pack. So when you start to look at this, demand is down, and there's too much refining capacity. So you see this, Doug, and as the others on the call see, when there's an operating issue in California, the market quickly balances and margins improve. And then when everybody's back and running, we all tend to run down to cash cost. And that's what as you would imagine, that's what happens, but my concern and the concern of Valero, and our management team here is longer term, the policies that are going -- being discussed, the way they're talking about implementing them is bad, as I said earlier, for people, for business and certainly for our industry. So that's a longer term decision [ph]. The shorter term is really just basic supply and demand and a very sluggish economy in the West Coast.
Operator: Our next question is from Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick question on the Eastern, the Northeast market, you saw a pretty wide basis differential in the Northeast this last quarter. And I'm just trying to think around exactly how much product you guys are pushing into the Northeast? You talked about the arb kind of closing, but I wonder if you can elaborate a little bit more in terms of how much gasoline you were pushing into the Northeast to take advantage of that and wide basis differential that we saw?
William R. Klesse: I don't think we would have that number. Remember, we tend to sell in the Gulf Coast markets and into the Southeast. And then Canada services it's local market and it's been able, as I said a few minutes ago, to put some barrels into New York Harbor. But we're not per se pushing anything domestically into the East Coast. Now from Pembroke, we export to the U.S. East Coast. And I don't think I know that number.
S. Eugene Edwards: The only thing I'd add, we do sell to those people that ship on Colonial pipeline and maybe are taking our barrels to the East Coast, and then it's after we've already relinquished control.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Understood. You're selling the barrels to the Gulf Coast and somebody else is moving those barrels farther north and take advantage of that differential to some degree?
William R. Klesse: They have pipelines based on pipelines, so I guess that's right. Now we would have gotten advantage of it for Pembroke.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Bill, on the hydrocrackers, when will be the first quarter for each hydrocracker of complete uptime, if you will? When do we now expect them to be running at full operations?
William R. Klesse: Okay, Port Arthur, the full quarter will be the first quarter of '13.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So that will be a full quarter?
William R. Klesse: Full quarter. We expect to be up in December. And at St. Charles, to answer your question, the first full quarter might be the third quarter. But we expect to be up in April, okay? But I'm answering your question, full quarter, it will be the third quarter of St. Charles.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And then...
William R. Klesse: Now if things go a little better, we could have the second quarter, but as I've said and I don't know when you joined the call, these are very large projects for us, and we're getting them done and we're getting them done safely.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And you've been pretty clear with the guidance on what they'll make based on some fairly conservative assumptions. Could you just remind me what those would be if the guidance still remains the same? What your expectation for let's say the quarterly or annual earnings would be for each unit for each project? And then if you could also roll that forward if possible into what it would be making in the current environment, that would be great.
William R. Klesse: Actually, we may have some numbers. But we've been typically have been giving you guidance, we give you all the assumptions in our appendix of our presentations, but it's about $1 billion worth of EBITDA. And we gave you all the assumptions. And you can see it when we have a case, I think it was $1.2 billion. We had another one, and I don't know what it would be today, but it's $1 billion of EBITDA. And we think they're going to contribute over $1 dollar share to earnings. Remember, it's natural gas, the hydrogen to distillates primarily, and we have a good distillate cracker as well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Obviously the main thing is just to get them running.
William R. Klesse: That we all agree, and we're going to do it in a very orderly manner.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Surely. Forgive me, do you increase your CapEx guidance for next year? I know it's sort of a Mickey Mouse question, but could you just confirm what's on the CapEx numbers? I don't have full access to information yet.
William R. Klesse: Paul, we did, in my opinion, as we got the question earlier, we did not increase our guidance. I've said all along $2 billion to $2.5 billion. What we're doing here is saying we're at $2.5 billion. In that $2.5 billion is $188 million that has to do with retail. Assuming that we proceed with the separation of Retail, and Mike we're saying if that all happens, it's a second quarter event, late first quarter, early second quarter, then that amount of the capital would come down pro rata here for spending.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, and then you've kicked off -- I was listening of course, so you've kicked around some numbers as for what we could assume -- I know it's early but for 2014, assuming that you're going to basically pursue a strategy now more oriented towards capital limitation and more towards cash return to shareholders.
William R. Klesse: Well, I would say that in 2013, we've given you the guidance, and it's been consistent with what we've been saying here for the last 6 months. We've said that we want to have a dividend yield that's among the highest with our peer group. But I'm not giving any guidance for 2014.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Just an observation that Sandy I think is going to have a pretty significant demand impact. As you can imagine, there's no traffic lights right now on Manhattan, which obviously conjures up a nightmarish image but at the same time there's so few cars around that is actually more or less safe to drive, but I guess again you made some observations on your best guess of what the impact will be, right?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't think we would know any more than you. You're very astute at this. Obviously, the refineries either shut down or reduce significantly. But the facts are demand is going to be way off as well. And so I don't think we can -- we would have any better insight at this point than you do. But obviously, demand is off as well as the refineries. I will say this, at least reading some of the commentary and this is good for people and everything, that some of the refineries did not incur any damage.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I mean, what I would think is that because of the PADD 1 is essentially import-dependent from other places that the demand impact is more important than the supply impact, which doesn't seem that bad.
William R. Klesse: That's correct. And Paul reminds me, for all of you on the call here with this Hurricane Sandy, we thank you all for calling in, and we hope you didn't incur any damage or your loved ones or families. Hope everything is okay as you get your power back and everything else that goes with you.
Operator: Our next question is from Chi Chow of Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Back on the Retail separation. Bill, in the event of a spinoff to shareholders, does Valero intend to retain any interest in that new Retail entity?
William R. Klesse: We are working all options as you would expect us to. If we did, it would be in the financing vein. But we are, today, looking at cases of complete separation, but we have financing options.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. I guess there's some chatter from the credit agencies when you made the announcement on possible changes to the ratings for Valero. With the separation of Retail, are you concerned about that at all? Have you had further discussions with the agencies? Can you talk a little bit about that?
William R. Klesse: Sure. Yes, one of the agencies did have some concern. And as we get our case solidified here, we'll go in and visit with them and show them our numbers. And we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash, and so I think we're very strong financially. Our net debt to cap is 20%. But we're going to go in and we'll show them our numbers and we'll have the discussion that you would expect us to have.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. In the event of any changes, does that change your position on buybacks going forward?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know the answer to the first question, but we think our stock is undervalued. But I've also consistently, and Mike has said this as well and Ashley, we believe with our size and the way we deal with our suppliers that having an investment-grade debt rating is extremely important to our business.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Right. Okay. And then on your comments on the growth CapEx, you mentioned you've got some projects looking at increasing crude throughput capacity. Do have any details on the specific plans and incremental capacity you're contemplating?
William R. Klesse: No. But as you would -- these would only be in situations where we're out of balance with feedstocks. So that we -- for instance in Corpus Christi, when you look at our capacity relative to our crude -- conversion capacity relative to our crude capacity, it's out of balance. And yet now we're in a world where there's a lot more crude oil production coming at us locally that's advantaged. Instead of buying imported feedstocks we need to be looking at generating our own feedstocks. So we have quite a study going on, for instance, at Corpus Christi and our Houston Refinery, where at the Houston Refinery we have a very large cat cracker and yet, we don't have a lot of crude capacity. So these are the things that tie to our whole strategy statement that I spoke about earlier where we look at things that continue to, in the essence, lower our overall cost to produce from the womb to the tomb. And those are the kind things we're looking at. Now at McKee, we've talked about it for about 2 years, we're getting closer to getting some of these permits, but we've said we wanted to expand McKee, and that's been out there. I think you guys are tired of hearing me talk about it. But as soon as -- we have -- we've broken the project into 2 pieces. There's a energy project but there is a crude expansion piece. And we do not have the permit for the crude expansion piece, and it's turned into perpetuity.
Operator: Our next question is from Harry Mateer of Barclays.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It sounds like you think your financial leverage is at an appropriate level, so do you see scope for further debt reduction? And I guess related to that, how should we be thinking about the, I guess, $480 million of maturities in the first half of next year? Is that -- are you thinking that's a use of cash or more like it would be refinanced?
William R. Klesse: No, we -- our plan today would be to take out the $480 million. Mike? $180 million in January, $300 million in June, July. And our plan today is to take it out. That will take our debt down -- our long-term debt down to $6.5 billion to date. And yes, we'll be very strong financially, but that is our plan for that specific model. Then you asked general debt. We do not have any other debt that we find economic to call or to redeem. And then in 2014, we only have $200 million of debt that is due. So in our particular case, we do not have debt that would go out and retire economically. We do $480 million and '14, we do the $200 million, but that's where we are.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sorry, guys, for the follow-up. It's a very quick one, Bill. I wanted to come back to AB32. I know it's a bit of a thorn on your side. But in the event that you have to incur meaningful capital expenditure, at what point would you have to start implementing those projects? In other words, how early before 2020 does this actually become an issue for spending? Now if you could quantify it, that would really be appreciated.
William R. Klesse: Okay. I'm going to answer you, Doug, that we are all whispering here. There's no capital per se. Now part of the regulation is 1/3 of your power cost is going to come from renewables and -- in 2020. And our cost in California today for power is $0.12 per kilowatt, and that's like 3x the cost at McKee. And as you go to these renewables, and this would be at Wilmington, so L.A., as you go toward this direction, our power cost will increase more because renewables are not economic. And so we have some options to generate our own power and are looking at that project. But as a philosophy, right now, Valero is very reluctant to spend any capital in California. The other piece of this, to give you the whole 9 yards, we generate hydrogen at our Benicia Refinery, and the facts are we could build another hydrogen plant there, that would be $200 million to $300 million and would reduce our carbon footprint. But again, I would say those are out in the future year because quite frankly, these rules aren't even set yet. And at least some people in California are at least -- are now starting to talk about the financial impact this is going to have in the state on everybody. So I think some of it remains to be seen but generally speaking, there are no capital. There are expenditures if you have to start paying for tailpipe, carbon and certainly our stationary source. And I don't mind saying, I think the last number we have, our California stationary source is like 3.7 million metric tons a year. So you can start figuring out those kind of numbers as well. And all it's going to do is we're going to pass it through.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. So I'll now turn the call back over to Ashley Smith.
William R. Klesse: So let me just say to everybody, good to know that a lot of you on the East Coast have issues, so thank you for making an effort to join our call. And as I said earlier, we hope that you have not incurred too much damage to your home or any of your friends or your loved ones.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes. Thanks, Bill. Yes, we wish all you guys in the Northeast a safe and speedy recovery, back to your normal situation. And thank you for listening to the call. If you have any questions or follow-up, just call the IR department. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations Joseph W. Gorder - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Gary Arthur - Corporate Senior Vice President and President of Retail
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Trish, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ashley Smith. Ashley, please go ahead.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thank you, Trish, and good morning, and welcome to our earnings call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, Chief Operating Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received an earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported a second quarter 2012 earnings of $831 million or $1.50 per share. In addition, our Board of Directors has authorized company management to pursue a separation of our retail business from the remainder of the company. We believe a separation of our retail business by way of a tax-efficient distribution to our shareholders will create operational flexibility within the businesses and unlock value for our shareholders. As independent companies, both retail and the remaining business will be better positioned to focus on their industry-specific strategies. We expect to have more details in the coming months. I should also note that our Board of Directors recently approved an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.15 per share to $0.175 per share, the highest level in company history. Returning to our second quarter results. Operating income was $1.4 billion versus operating income of $1.3 billion in the second quarter of 2011. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher throughput margins in the U.S. Mid-Continent, the U.S. West Coast and the North Atlantic refining regions, combined with higher throughput at our refineries and higher margins in our U.S. retail business. These improvements were somewhat offset by lower refinery margins on the Gulf Coast and lower ethanol margins. Our second quarter refining throughput margin was $10.63 per barrel, which is a slight decrease versus the second quarter of 2011, the margin being $11.41 per barrel. The decrease in refining throughput margin was mainly due to lower discounts on crude oils and feedstocks, lower margins for gasoline in the Gulf Coast and lower margins for other products such as petrochemical feedstocks. However, we did see higher margins for diesel in all of our regions, except the West Coast, and higher gasoline margins in the Mid-Continent, the West Coast and the North Atlantic regions. Our second quarter 2012 refining throughput volume averaged 2.7 million barrels per day, up 342,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of 2011. The increase in throughput volumes was mainly due to the addition of capacity from the acquisition of the Pembroke and Meraux refineries. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2012 were $3.59 per barrel, which was lower than our first quarter 2012 and our guidance due to higher throughput volumes and lower maintenance expense. Our Pembroke and Meraux refineries showed significant improvement during the second quarter, combining to contribute over $130 million in operating income. The increase in performance of these refineries is a result of operational improvements we have been diligently implementing since the acquisitions. For example, at Pembroke, we have improved the feedstock selection, reformulated the SEC catalyst and optimized the product slate and blending. Examples at Meraux include improvements in the ROSE unit operations and in refining optimization. Subsequent to the second quarter, we had an unfortunate event in late July at the Meraux refinery when a power outage during storms brought the plant down, a fire occurred when restarting the crude unit. No one was injured, but all units at the refinery are currently shut down. Repairs are in progress and we estimate the refinery will resume operations at normal rates by the end of August. In the meantime, certain units may be restarted while repairs continue. The impact on throughputs for the third quarter will be reflected in guidance that Ashley will provide in a few minutes. The export market remains solid as our Gulf Coast refineries continue to benefit from low cost of natural gas and increasing access to discounted domestic crude oil. We believe these competitive advantages enable Valero and other U.S. Gulf Coast refiners to profitably take market share from less competitive Atlantic Basin refiners, particularly in Europe and the U.S. East Coast. Our retail business had a great second quarter and reported its highest ever quarterly operating income of $172 million, consisting of $134 million in the U.S. and $38 million in Canada. Our retail business continued to perform exceptionally well. The Ethanol segment reported $5 million of operating income, which was down $59 million from the second quarter of 2011, mainly due to lower gross margins as ethanol prices were pressured by excess industry supplies. With Ethanol margins under further pressure in the third quarter due to rising corn prices, we recently stopped production at the Albion and Linden plants and have trimmed utilization at the other plants. In the second quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $171 million, which was in line with our guidance. Depreciation and amortization expense was $386 million. Net interest expense was $74 million and the effective tax rate in the second quarter was 35%. Regarding cash flows in the second quarter, capital spending was $800 million, which includes $106 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. Our expected capital spending for the full year of 2012 is around $3.6 billion, an increase from prior guidance, mainly due to acceleration of certain projects originally scheduled to be completed in 2013. We expect 2013 capital spending will be in the range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Also in the second quarter, we returned $124 million in cash to shareholders as we paid $83 million in dividends and we spent $41 million to purchase 1.8 million shares of our common stock. In addition, we used $862 million to pay down debt and received $300 million from the reissuance of tax exempt bonds. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of June, total debt was $7 billion, cash was $1.3 billion and our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 25.7%. At the end of the second quarter, we also had nearly $4.7 billion of additional liquidity available. And in July, we renewed and increased the size of our accounts receivable sales facility to $1.5 billion, providing an additional liquidity of $500 million. We continue to make progress on our key growth projects. Our Port Arthur hydrocracker project is on track to be mechanically complete during the third quarter of 2012 and is expected to achieve full operation during the fourth quarter of 2012. The St. Charles hydrocracker project is expected to reach mechanical completion by the end of the year, with full operation in the second quarter of 2013. Through our recent actions to increase the dividend and the potential separation of our retail business, it is clear that we are working to maximize shareholder value. We look forward to the improvement in our free cash flow from the planned decline in our capital spending, the expected contribution from our growth projects and the favorable industry trends that continued to accrue to our assets. So now I'm going to turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model portions.
Ashley M. Smith: Great. Thanks, Mike. In modeling our third quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.43 million to 1.47 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 265,000 to 275,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel. Regarding our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including the $0.04 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the third quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million, and net interest expense should be around $70 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the third quarter should be around $395 million. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter should be approximately 37%. Trish, that concludes our opening remarks. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Douglas Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So fellows, the -- my question, I guess, is on the step-up that you're expecting on free cash flow. Your dividend, even with the increases, is -- if I'm not mistaken, is somewhere around $400 million a year. It's fairly -- it's still fairly small. So I guess I'm trying to understand what is the priority for the use of cash? And then answering that should give us an idea of what you think the right debt-to-cap level is for the -- for this portfolio at this point.
William R. Klesse: Doug, this is Klesse. Our use of cash, as we're generating more cash and next year, we clearly expect to be generating more cash, is first, we're going to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. Second, we're going to hold a little more cash than historically as we have it just because of the volatility in our business. You watch the screens, you know how much things move, so we just think we need to hold some more cash. And then we've been very clear, we're going to return additional cash to the shareholder. And having said that, on the last 1.5 years, we've paid off about $1.5 billion of debt. And next year, we have $460 million or so of debt that becomes due, and our plan will be to pay that off as well. So I think we're demonstrating of returning cash to the shareholders with the previous things I just said. And you asked, well, what is the proper or our target debt to cap, and I'm just going to tell you, we're going to maintain the investment credit -- investment-grade credit rating and maybe our debt to cap just goes a little lower. And today, it's 25%, I think.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The -- several quick question. Mike, can you tell me what's the working capital and also the inventory in excess of the book?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. The working capital, total current assets are $14 billion, total current liabilities is $10.8 billion and then our inventory above the book value is $6.5 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you have a number you can share, what is in your retail business, the taxable base?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, we do. The tax basis in our retail at June 30 was approximately $900 million to $950 million.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So that means that from a tax efficiency standpoint, the offer, if anyone want to buy it, they need to be really high in order for you to feel comfortable because it's going to be a huge tax buy?
William R. Klesse: I think you have -- this is Klesse. First off, we need to establish, we have about $500 million of EBITDA from this business and Mike can walk you through that. You have to consider some overheads. And we have the split between Canada and the U.S., so we have certain tax issues in each jurisdiction. That's why we're very carefully saying we're going to work a tax-efficient distribution. However, and I know on this phone call, we have a refining analyst, but if you'll look at the freestanding retail companies, certainly Couche-Tard and Casey's, you'll see that their multiple is up around 10, and today our EBITDA multiple is around 3.7 or a little less than 4. So if we -- and let's stop and look at our retail business. We're very well run, we're excellent financial performers, they've had very good returns, we're extremely well located, with nearly 2/3 of the units access, in the U.S. And in Canada, we have an excellent market share in Québec. We own a lot of units. They're not leased. And if you look at our data, which we'll provide, you'll see that many of our units are owned. So the whole business is an extremely solid business. So then it's your job to, okay, what is the correct EBITDA ratio for this business, and I'll tell you, we're up there with the very best, if we're not the best. And so the number becomes large. So that's why we've been very clear about tax efficient's been, however, all options are on the table.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. Bill, is ethanol going to stay with Valero or is it going to go to the retail?
William R. Klesse: Ethanol stays with Valero. We're really a wholesale provider, a plant operator producing ethanol. Retailer is the marketing business.
Ashley M. Smith: Paul, it's Ashley. Just 2 things. First of all, if you want any more of the balance sheet items, that's now on Page 5 of our earnings release tables.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And 2 final one. One, that is an interesting development. Someone put the refinery into a variable MLP. I don't know if you guys have looked at that and whether that this is something fundamental. Do you think that you're really against it or that you think that it could be interesting? And then finally that, acquisition is -- how important is that a part of your strategy for the next 1 or 2 years?
William R. Klesse: Okay. So on the variable MLP, of course, we've looked at it. We watched what happened to one of the other refining companies, and we're open to increasing long-term shareholder value. On the other hand, having said that, we saw how this traded and we don't really think, and I don't know what it is today, that a 19% yield is really providing the value to the shareholders. So in the sense of values all around, what the assets worth and then the return. So I think it remains to be seen whether that's really something that's in our shareholders' interests. And then on acquisition, we look at assets that are in the market. But today, there's really nothing happening. And we have confidentiality agreements, obviously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Kessler from Tudor, Pickering.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One is just quick and that is, do you have an estimated repair cost for Meraux? And then a more conceptual question, and forgive me for this being of a conceptual nature, but Bill, if we entered into a scenario where the Gulf Coast coking margins came under pressure and that is the spread between, say, LLS and Maya came down to a minimum level, how low could that go and still have cokers operate on the Gulf Coast, whether in your own portfolio or others? And really, where I'm going with that is, trying to reconcile with you that LLS comes under pressure, which I think you all may subscribe to. And also a view that I think you have that the coking margins are maintained at a level that continue to support continued coking utilization rates.
William R. Klesse: So Robert, on the repair costs of Meraux, about $10 million. We're going to start some of the units up here in the next week or so, but the full plan won't be up, like Mike said, until probably the end of the month. And then -- so coking margins, I've given in the sense into a sunk coker, I believe that you can get somewhere down in 8% to 9% -- somewhere not much lower than 8%, I think, you agree? And know a sunk coker. But then what we've done in the past and some of the people on the call will remember, as other companies did, when coking margins came under pressure several years ago, we started to produce more fuel oil [ph]. It was more economic to make fuel oil [ph] and cut back on coking. And so I'm sure that if such a situation happened, you would see us start to spare cokers, just like our competitors would, putting as much light into the units as we can and optimizing it daily, but it's sunk coker. I've been very clear in my opinion that after [indiscernible] of this plan, you're not going to see grassroots coking built on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Something's going to happen to dramatically change. And yes, we do subscribe to the fact that we do believe LLS is going to sell us the Brent and we're saying, I guess, that pretty well next year, you're going to push out all the light sweet crude out of the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: It seems like as long as you're still pulling in some imports, it gets that Brent support for relative parity and maybe you have sort of a gap down once you push out that last barrel. Is that the right way to think of it as sort of binomial rather than a ratable price degradation?
William R. Klesse: Well, I see your point. So you still have some light sweet imports into the East Coast, but on the Gulf Coast, I think it will just be mediums and heavies, and it's where you draw the line. And I think you're still going to see the freight advantage, at least, of $2 or $3 versus Brent. And -- but that's why this whole conversation is the reason that Valero is very supportive of bringing Canadian heavy sour crude oil to the U.S. Gulf Coast. Then I think it'll price where you can still put it into a SUN coke.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And just so I understand your number, you said 8%. I'm assuming that's a rate of return on a SUN cost and a coker. What spread do you assume to get that return?
William R. Klesse: Oh, it would be 8% of the price of oil. I was trying to put it in terms -- because it moves around on us and it does -- it is dependent because of the liquid volume loss as to the absolute price of oil. So yes, 8%, I'm saying of the price of -- $100, you need at least -- be at least at $92, I guess. Now it's into a sunk coker, and you're not making much money there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, just to hit on the retail a little bit. I mean it seems like as an industry overall, the thought always seems to be, be vertically integrated. Can you address maybe a little of how this spinoff would affect that aspect of the business for you?
William R. Klesse: Well, this is the company-operated retail that we're talking about in the United States. And in Canada, it's our company-operated retail, but we have a little different business model in Canada. We actually manage the street price even where we have our agents. But also in this segment, includes our home heat business that's in Canada and our cardlock business. But we have, on top of that, a wholesale marketing business. So this, if you add this up, it's 1,027 units in the States and 775 units in Canada. But in addition to that, we have 4,000 branded Valero outlets, and we will still run a branded, wholesale business. So if you think of Valero then after the spin of our retail company or separation, whatever transpires, Valero's really going be a refining and wholesale marketing company with some petrochemical feedstock production, ethanol production, power generation, hydrogen and associated logistics, so we're just a manufacturing company with a wholesale marketing business. So we're still vertically integrated. We just don't have in the States, about 120,000 barrels a day of our production that's actually going through the hose. And then we're not going to be selling twinkies and beer and cigarettes. We're going to leave that to the retail group.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, there's a lot to be said for twinkies, beer and cigarettes, I'm sure.
William R. Klesse: There is, quite frankly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A separate question, I guess. If you get some proceeds from the EBITDA of the -- from the retail spinoff and also as your free cash expense from your CapEx reduction and also the EPS uplifts, is there any debt that it makes sense that you should bring in early, I'm thinking about restrictive covenants or just that you feel you could reprice at a low rate?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, there's not really any debt that we have that would make sense to try to prepay it or bring it in early or call it.
William R. Klesse: Yes, and we actually did a little of this last year, where we cooked the stuff that was -- some of the debt that was economic for us to take off the market, we did.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. And then the Gulf Coast margins, I mean, obviously, globally you make the point that product inventories are low. It's just surprising, given the weak economy, that margins are so strong. I mean any thoughts as to the sustainability of the margins?
William R. Klesse: Well, we do think they're sustainable in this sense. Now they move seasonally and every other factor that I spoke about and volatility in our business. But our business, whether it's Valero or any of our competitor, anybody in the refining business, exports are a key part of the future for the U.S. refining industry, and there is -- from the U.S. Gulf Coast and we're very competitive. You have personnel that has terrific skill sets and very productive. And then we have low-cost natural gas and we're going to have a crude advantage, that's beginning to materialize significantly. So there's no question if you're a Mid-Continent refiner, you're making a lot of money and that's good and we benefit from that at a couple of our plants. But we believe that you can compete in the world market and certainly in the Atlantic Basin even by coming out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. And so -- but exports are a key part of it and they're allowing our whole industry to operate at a higher operating rate. Domestic demand, as you properly stated, is not very strong command and that reflects a very slow economy, even though it's growing and very high unemployment. Companies like Valero, over 80% of our output is fuels. And if people aren't working, you just aren't consuming the fuels.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then a final question, just my impression is that you have a high degree of turnaround costs and activity in the first half of this year. Do you expect that 2013 will be a sort of a lighter turnaround schedule as a result, as you look forward in your plans?
William R. Klesse: We did have high turnaround this year. This is Lane Riggs. He's going to answer you.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I would say next year, we had a big refiner -- we had a large refiner turnaround at Québec in the first quarter of next year and we have some other -- we have a big turnaround -- we had a recently large turnaround at Corpus Christi City also in the first quarter. So it stays roughly about the same size in the first quarter of next year versus this past first quarter --
William R. Klesse: So for us in turnaround and catalyst, in seems to be running about 500 million...
Lane Riggs: Million. That's right.
William R. Klesse: And that's -- it moves up and down a little bit around there, but around 500 million a year. And catalysts costs have come down some this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you guys give us an update on Aruba? I believe you guys have an offer there and any associated inventory levels you have there that you've either liquidated or holding onto for the sale of the asset?
William R. Klesse: Well, in Aruba, the only inventory, really, out there now is for our other businesses, where we're taking advantage of [indiscernible]. So we don't have any inventory per se associated with the refinery, except that we do provide fuel oil to the utility and we also provide gasoline and diesel to the island, so -- which is part of our marketing distribution effort there. But basically, we have no inventory there that's in support of refining per se. And then as far as Aruba, we're still working the transaction. We did disclose most of the information in -- I guess it was last quarter's 10-Q.
Michael S. Ciskowski: In the 10-Q, yes.
William R. Klesse: And we're still working the transaction and the government of Aruba is extremely supportive. And we'll see how it turns out.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Then on St. Charles, with the hydrocracker, I believe that the hydrocracker was supposed to be up and running in the fourth quarter, if I remember from some of your previous sort of presentations. But it looks like now it's going to be in the second quarter of 2013. Am I reading that wrong?
William R. Klesse: Well, you're not reading anything wrong. I have said the St. Charles hydrocracker would be finished by the end of the year, and we'd get it up in the first quarter. But now we are going to say it's the second quarter, we'll get it up. So to be -- this would be my schedule, and to be honest, some of my people will say that this was my schedule, not theirs. But I would tell you, we have slipped a month or 2 on both projects. However, these are big projects for Valero, each $1.5 billion plus there's some other stuff around it. Our people are doing a terrific job. If you can imagine the miles of cabling, this is what we're really finishing up at Port Arthur, is miles of cabling, and people are doing terrific. And we just are going to be a month or 2 later.
Operator: Our next question comes from a Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Just a few quick ones for you on the retail spin. Bill, you mentioned your intention to maintain investment-grade credit rating. I'm just wondering if the credit rating agencies have [indiscernible] on the spin yet? Secondly, on the retail, is it a strategic situation where the retailer was being starved of capital and as a standalone, maybe they undertake some additional capital projects or higher growth? And then finally, from a CapEx standpoint, the $2 billion to $2.5 billion next year, could you tell us what the breakout is associated with retail on that?
William R. Klesse: Okay. So on the debt, I'll just answer you. No, we have not talked to the rating agencies, but we will because our investment-grade rating, as I said, is very important to us. And we think, we're a very large player in this business, buying today over 2 million barrels a day of crude. We think that's important for our suppliers to know that we're investment-grade. On the second question -- I'm sorry, what was it, Blake?
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Just to remind you, the second question was basically from a strategic standpoint, as a standalone, I guess, was the retail somewhat being starved of capital or are they now allowed to maybe pursue higher growth options?
William R. Klesse: There is no question that we had a capital budget raise really in the U.S. of about $80 million, and in Canada, it was around $30 million. We have all the detail that they have both of those businesses have thrown off cash to the parent. And so clearly, as standalone businesses, they will be able to execute a strategy that the management feels is appropriate.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And the third was on the CapEx. If you could just provide a breakout of next year, $2 billion to $2.5 billion, what portion was associated with retail, please?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Typically, retail spends about $130 million in CapEx for the whole segment, so that would be U.S. and Canada.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: My question is associated with product exports. I was hoping you could talk about what you exported on gasoline and diesel in the second quarter and really, what your capability of exporting is. Is there substantial ability to export more than what you're already exporting and potential for any capital projects that might expand that capability?
Joseph W. Gorder: Sure. Jeff, this is Joe. Jeff, in the second quarter, we exported about 165,000 barrels a day of diesel, primarily to Latin America and Europe, with really the bulk of it going to Europe. And the reason that, that number moves around, really, from month to month has more to do with the economics of the [indiscernible] than our ability to do it. We saw diesel strength adhere domestically, we kept it at home. When the arms [ph] to Europe or to Latin America, we go ahead and put it on the water and move it out. Gasoline exports in the quarter were 75,000 barrels a day. The bulk of that goes to Mexico, and then also into Latin America. And we're seeing continued strong demand for both as we go forward. And there's a host of reasons not much has changed in the market which would lead us to believe that those exports weren't going to be there going forward. As far as capacity, we would estimate that our capacities for gasoline are 250,000 barrels a day, give or take. And on the diesel, 275,000 to 300,000 barrels a day. And we continue to look at logistics projects. The team has been very active in assuring that we were going to have continued access to export markets and the logistics wouldn't be an issue. And there's some projects that have been identified, but nothing significant.
William R. Klesse: So it's a global market business and what happens is the exports tend to pull from domestic supplies. So it's only when pricing is actually better than the domestic market that we tend to export, and it's all driven on economics. And then the fellows here are telling me that to Roger's question earlier, where we -- I said 120,000 barrels a day in the U.S., but remember, our plan is that this will be a branded job for us and we'll still supply from the refining group to the retail group. I thought it was obvious, but the guys here are saying it's not. So we'll still sell from refining to a freestanding retail business.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Joe, is Valero participating in West Coast product exports as well?
Joseph W. Gorder: No, we're not. Jeff, I mean, the barrels that we move -- no, we're not.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. If I could slide in another question, I was curious about the Port Arthur and St. Charles startups, and is there an impact on existing operator -- operations at Port Arthur and St. Charles or what's exactly involved in this 8-week start-up process? Could you help me with that?
Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane. So once our project group hands it over, it's a 6- to 8-week project that just sort of started up. It really doesn't -- the size is just stacking up and have all the technical people we need to oversee the startup. It doesn't really affect the rest of our operations. But sort of a breakdown of the 6- to 8-weeks, the first part of it a leak check and do some other things just to sort of get the unit ready, and that could be 2 to 4 weeks. Then we got to load the catalyst. There's 2 million pounds of catalyst we got to load in this thing. After that -- and then after that we have to prepare and condition the catalyst, which can take about 2 weeks, so that's really all the things that we have to do to get ready to put oil in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Garcia from Raymond James.
Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I just have, I guess, a quick question with regard to Meraux. Obviously, recognizing that the current focus is going to be bringing that online, back online safely, following the incident, but just want to maybe get a little better understanding on the potential integration between that plant and St. Charles. I know that was sort of a talking point when you guys purchased the refinery. Aside from any sort of feedstock and product optimization between the 2, are there any other sort of hardware or larger integration efforts that you guys are currently working on?
William R. Klesse: Yes, there is. At Meraux, what we intend to do is install another reactor and we will convert some of the process units so that we can make more distillate. So if you look at Valero's system, today, we make 33%, 34% distillate. Obviously, the margins are in distillate. Distillate is growing in the world much more rapidly than gasoline. And with our 2 big hydrocrackers that get finished this year, we'll be up to 39%, 40% distillate yield. Actually, one of the highest in the industry in the U.S. And then we have this project we're working on, Meraux, which will take us another 1.5 years to 2 years to complete. Installing this reactor, that will allow us there to make a much higher distillate yield. And so you will see that refinery produce distillates as opposed to gasoline in the long run. And then we'll integrate the gas oils between the 2 facilities. We have an [indiscernible] plant there that we might have some integration opportunities with all the butanes we're seeing coming into the market. So there's a lot of opportunity on the U.S. Gulf Coast for all of our plants to work together and we optimize it as a system as best we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Dahlman Rose.
Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: I just had a -- could you give us a quick update on Eagle Ford volumes and to Three Rivers and maybe even elsewhere now that some infrastructure gets built out down there?
Joseph W. Gorder: Sure. In the second quarter, we ran just over 140,000 barrels a day of Eagle Ford crude. Of course the bulk of that was at Three rivers, and then down at Corpus Christi. One of the interesting things is, is that we're running a lot more Bakken now. We're running about 130,000 barrels a day at Bakken, and a lot of that is going out into the Memphis refinery.
Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Yes, I did notice that Midwest margins were higher year-over-year. I assumed there was something going on in Memphis with the crude slate, so that's helpful. Secondly, this is a bit of a longer question, but there's been some acceleration of discussion of RFS mandates in the media. Assuming that the government is going to be pretty slow on this or resistant, is it your understanding maybe from intelligence that you have on the ethanol distribution side that the industry is in possession of a surplus of credits and the gasoline market can effectively tighten as blending reduces, even without changes in the mandates in the near term here?
William R. Klesse: Okay, I'm not sure we're going to know that, RINs are at $0.04, so that doesn't necessarily imply that there's an excess of RINs. I'm going to say -- but I know this is an issue for everybody on the call. Yes, we're in the ethanol business, but there's 8000 barrels a day of ethanol going into the gasoline pool. So by the mandate, you took market share from refiners and gave it to farmers. Now -- but to eliminate that is extremely difficult, and we've had almost $8 corn, I think, a couple of years ago. But remember, ethanol has high octane. Under the EPA rules, we get a 1-pound waiver. So we have tankage, system limitations, CARBOBs, RBOB, CBOB, this is a far more complicated conversation than having the hog farmers in Washington asking for a release.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I apologize if I missed it. I jumped in a little late. Any timing estimate on the retail spinoff and how you think about appropriate leverage on that asset coming out? And then I have an additional question.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. We are still evaluating the leverage and how much leverage to place on that. I mean it'll be comparable to the other C store companies in that segment. As far as timing, around 6 months, we could probably do the spinoff. We've got a lot of work to do yet with our SEC filing and we need a private letter ruling, so let's just say around 6 months.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's great. And then another question. I know you've had an additional quarter to kind -- to think about it and even witness a temporary widening on Brent LLS spread and any new thoughts as your engineers have spent maybe another quarter analyzing an ability to either run or make any investment to shift your slate a little bit to the lighter side?
William R. Klesse: Well, we're -- so on the U.S. Gulf Coast, where we tend to be a heavier refiner, now Three Rivers is relatively light, Houston is light, Memphis runs are basically Gulf Coast light barrels. So really, for us Texas City, Port Arthur, St. Charles, and even Meraux, we are looking at obviously being able or having the capability to run a higher percentage of lighter oils. And our people are working on these, and -- but the issue in our business is if it's deemed that we need a permit, permitting is very long now. And if it has to have a CO2 permit, it's even longer. So -- but we are working on all this, I'm sure just like every one of our competitors.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think you covered a lot of the questions I had, particularly on ethanol. I was going to ask, but obviously you slightly covered that. I'm still not quite clear how you see the market playing out here if we don't have enough RINs. And then the shortage of ethanol, could we -- can you simplify the answer on that one?
William R. Klesse: Well, right now, there is not a shortage of ethanol. But plants are cutting back. We, as Mike said, have shut down 2 plants, we've cut back the others. We're probably running at 50%. If you look at the numbers, it was about 19 million barrels of ethanol. It's dropping rapidly. So you want to know how I think it plays out? So this is how I think it plays out: I think ethanol price is going to go higher here relative to gasoline. And because obviously, today, we're losing money in ethanol.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sure, but then you have to meet the mandate. I guess the question is are you going to meet the mandate? Well, not you, but I mean, the industry.
William R. Klesse: That is a valid question. About 93% or so of all the gasoline sold in the country has ethanol in it and we're going to hit the blind wall here, gasoline volume is down, RINs are at $0.04. I don't know if I can answer you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, well, and Paul, there's one thing that you can take into consideration. We carry forward 20% of the RINs from last year to this year, so I don't think that we're looking at an issue this year. But in the out years, as the obligations continue to go up, it is going to be a challenge and RINs are going to be more expensive.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. The -- on -- forgive me if you've kind of feel like you've covered this. But on M&A, particularly I'm thinking about BP saying Texas City and Carson [indiscernible] available for sale and people are interested, do you have anything to add on that?
William R. Klesse: I really don't. I've said in the past that we have looked at it and we have a confidentiality agreement, but the thing is still on the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Bill, I want to go back to this topic on the global distillate export market. I know there's been outright refinery shutdowns in the Atlantic Basin on the less competitive plants. But it looks like -- on our analysis, it looks like there's potentially 8 new hydrocrackers, including your 2, set to come online in the Atlantic Basin over the next 12 months. Can you comment on -- and by the way, that's about 400,000 barrels a day of capacity from what we see, can you comment on what you see the potential impact on supply/demand balance on the distillate market in the Basin going forward here?
William R. Klesse: Well, I think there are hydrocrackers coming on, as you say, so there's no disagreement there. Some of those are in the Med. I think the Med is different than Northwest Europe, so I do think that there's a difference. I look long-term, and I see a lot of pressure in the Mediterranean for making money in Refining. But in the Atlantic Basin, we still have growth, Mexico, Colombia, Brazil. You saw, I know you know, Chi, that the sugarcane harvest is bad in Brazil, so they are going to wind up importing more gasoline. And I know you asked about distillate, but we believe that we will still competitively be able to go into these markets. Whether Mexico builds the Tula refinery, I think, is a very open question, especially with a new government. The numbers they're talking now about 10 billion or 12 billion for this refinery. You've also seen -- and we're not participating today but we have in the past, actually shift some ULSD to Australia, and you've seen where the Australians are shutting down quite a few refineries. So I think it all comes down to the arms, [ph] as Joe mentioned earlier and the economics in the U.S.-produced stuff is going to be in -- on a cost basis, very, very competitive. Whether we can squeeze it into the market, we think we'll be able to. But you're clearly right that there are hydrocrackers being built. Everybody sees this distillate growth. We just happened to be in a good spot here. I wish I had the hydrocrackers today, right?
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: That's right. Can you expand a little bit on the difference between the Northwest Europe market and Med, what is the critical difference there between the 2?
William R. Klesse: Because I think some of this -- longer term, you're going to see supply come from the Middle East into the Med. And demand, obviously, if you -- I know you look at all this stuff, look at the Italian demand and some of the Greek demand numbers are -- so I mean they're just very, very long refining. So you have a very long refining situation on top of some competition coming from the Middle East.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Yes, it just seems a bit concerning with Europe, the situation there with demand, China slowing down. And does it really get down to Latin America, South America just staying strong for this export market to kind of keep going here?
William R. Klesse: In this -- so I would like to hope that Europe does eventually recover, but I can't argue that it might. So I would say it does come down. And when Joe spoke, our gasoline exports go to Latin America and about half of our distillate exports go to Latin America.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: And in Australia, are you sending out of the Gulf Coast?
William R. Klesse: That was a couple of years ago, and we did send some out of Gulf Coast.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: And one final question. It looks like, looking at your stats, that your Gulf Coast light sweet crude run has actually got up to 240,000 barrels a day this quarter. I think last quarter you said your -- the capacity was around 200,000 a day. Are you finding ways, obviously, to get more of that crude into your system?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, but we're finding ways. Our capacity, we actually had -- we said that's what we were running. The 200,000 was not our capacity last quarter. That's actually what we were running. But we're going to continue to close that gap. And this is based on economic availability and then economics. If the discount's large enough, then you can get enough of it. You'll -- it'll make sense versus some marginal medium sour, but these are the economics that we're working with and we'll just continue to increase that.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So what is your capacity then in the Gulf Coast right now on the light sweets?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, 0.5 million barrels a day.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Does that -- includes Memphis, though, right?
Joseph W. Gorder: That would include Memphis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Mateer from Barclays.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two questions. First, you answered a few questions on investment-grade ratings. I was just wondering if you could put a slightly finer point on it. And specifically whether your current ratings or what's important to you, mid-BBB or is it just investment grade so you guys might be willing to go down the low BBB as part of this retail separation? And then the second question, what's the priority for you in terms of considering the retail separation, is it maximizing the amount of cash you take out of the business or is that less of a focus given Valero's liquidity disposition?
William R. Klesse: Okay. So on the first question, we don't see any reason at all why there would be any concern about our rating, but we want to be investment-grade. I'm just going to leave it at that. And then -- and we'll work with the rating agencies if they have any issue. But I gave some other data points for how much we paid off here [ph], our coverage ratios and everything looked very, very good. And then on the -- on the second question, it was...
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Cash priorities.
William R. Klesse: Yes, the priorities are kind of -- in this spin sale, we want to do a tax-efficient spin. We are working on shareholder value, as you would expect us, so we want to maximize our shareholder value. And so it's a point of being tax-efficient and generating shareholder value.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think I actually got cut off earlier, Bill, I apologize for -- I was talking to myself there for a couple of minutes. Nothing unusual there. So my couple of follows-ups were basically, can you walk us through the timing of the -- or how you would expect to take the cash tax benefit of the mechanical completion credit that you'll get for the 2 projects? And then I do have a follow-up before I get cut off again.
William R. Klesse: Okay. On the timing of those benefits, we're estimating the benefit of $650 million to $700 million. The timing would be spread out over the next 4 to 5 quarters, and a lot of that depends on, obviously, the profitability of the company over the next 1.5 years. So I'm just going to say, probably over the next 4 quarters, we'll receive all that benefit.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So starting in third of 2012?
William R. Klesse: That's correct.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And my final one, then, is I wanted to go back to Robert's question about LLS discounts, potentially versus Brent. In terms of your optionality of being able to run medium and heavy and sour crude in the Gulf, how would you expect, if you, let's say, you did increase your LLS runs, or your light sweet crude runs, domestically more than perhaps your coker limitations would dictate, how would you expect the pricing of medium and heavy sour to move? And what I'm kind of getting at is that our thinking is if LLS moves, that probably benefits your medium and heavy feedstock as well. I'm just trying to get some color as to whether that's the right way to think about this or not.
Joseph W. Gorder: No, Doug, I do think that's the right way to look at it. Certainly, the medium sours will be tightly linked to the light sweet prices. Heavy sours, I think, are going to be competing with medium sours for space in the refinery. And so as we get more supply into the Gulf, I think what we're going to see is kind of a downward pressure on the entire complex. And Bill mentioned what the discounts needed to be on heavy sour crudes relative to light sweet crudes. You need at least 8%, so you're going to see those have to price in if they want to move into the system.
William R. Klesse: I would add that, so what happens then is LLS is discounting the Brent, then you're going to have these other crudes discounting and that this -- but it's on the world market, which is pricing against Brent, so the freight becomes the factor. And we know that some Venezuelan crude and Mexican crudes have been moving to China and other places and Venezuelan crudes moved to China, so you wind up with a freight being the flywheel in there, and of course, available tankers. But -- so there'll be a limit for how wide that spread goes then relative to freight. And that's why, I think, we see LLS at a couple of bucks, which is really the freight that tends to be the driver here.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So Bill, theoretically, that couple of bucks would translate -- and I'm not trying to be too simplistic here, but to your entire Gulf Coast fleet, is that the right way to think about it?
William R. Klesse: Yes, I think that is right, and that's why we say the U.S. refining industry, it's not necessarily Valero, is in a very competitive situation in the world. And that's why going back to several of the other questions, we believe that the U.S. refining industry can be competitive in the export markets when we face the domestic demand that is challenging. So it applies to Valero, but it's applying to our industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just 2 quick follow-up. One, Bill, when you're looking at your retail network in July month-to-date, what is your same-store gasoline sales? Secondly, that what is your total WTI link crude that you run in the second quarter?
William R. Klesse: Okay, so let's do the crude link first, Ashley, WTI link crude, how much we run in the second quarter?
Ashley M. Smith: In the second quarter, it's still right around 250.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But I mean you also running Bakken, in Memphis, right, so it seems like you say you run about 140. So shouldn't that now be more like in the 350 to 400 then?
William R. Klesse: No, no, because the Bakken crudes that we run at Memphis actually comes from St. James.
Ashley M. Smith: It's priced like LLS.
William R. Klesse: It is out of discount, the LLS and the deals that Joe's people have done, but it -- we don't have the receipt facility so it tends to go to St. James and come back up Capline. That's the answer to that. Now Gary Arthur's here and your question was in July same-store volume?
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's correct.
Gary Arthur: We're down just a little bit under 3% same-store on gasoline.
William R. Klesse: That's in the U.S.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue. At this time, I'll turn it back to you.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Trish. And thank you, investors and analysts for listening and if have any questions, just contact Valero's Investor Relations department.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph W. Gorder - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Gary Arthur - Senior Vice President of Retail & Specialty Products Marketing Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations S. Eugene Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Kimberly S. Bowers - Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation reports First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley M. Smith: Thank you, John, and good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported a first quarter 2012 loss from continuing operations of $432 million or $0.78 per share, which includes a non-cash asset impairment loss of $605 million after taxes or $1.09 per share, mainly related to the Aruba Refinery. Additional information about this loss is disclosed in the earnings release financial tables under Note D. Our first quarter 2012 operating loss was $244 million versus operating income of $244 million in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding the items mentioned in our earnings release, first quarter 2012 operating income was $367 million versus operating income of $786 million in the first quarter of 2011. The decline in operating income was primarily due to lower throughput margins in Refining, lower growth margins in Ethanol and lower fuel margins in Retail. Our first quarter Refining throughput margin was $7.71 per barrel, which is a 22% decrease versus the first quarter of 2011 margin of $9.91 per barrel. The decrease in throughput margin was mainly due to lower discounts on crude oils and feedstocks and lower margins for other products such as petrochemical feedstocks and petroleum coke, despite the higher margins for gasoline and diesel. In the first quarter of 2012, Gulf Coast gasoline margins per barrel versus LLS increased 72% to $6.56 from $3.82 in the first quarter of '11. Gulf Coast ULSD margins per barrel versus LLS remained very good and increased slightly from 13.59 in the first quarter of '11 to 13.68 in the first quarter of ‘12. The Maya heavy sour crude oil discounts versus LLS decreased 37% from $15.68 per barrel in the first quarter of 2011 to $9.89 per barrel in the first quarter of 2012. Our first quarter 2012 refinery throughput volume averaged 2.6 million barrels per day. That was up 449,000 barrels per day from the first quarter of '11. The increase in throughput volumes was mainly due to the addition of capacity from the acquisition of the Pembroke and Meraux refineries. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter of 2012 were $4.15 per barrel, which was higher than our fourth quarter 2011 due to lower throughput volumes and higher maintenance expense, but it was lower than our guidance of $4.50 per barrel mainly due to higher throughput volumes and lower energy costs than we expected.  Our Ethanol segment reported $9 million of operating income, which was down $35 million from the first quarter of 2011, mainly due to lower gross margins as ethanol prices were pressured by excess industry supply. Even with lower margins, the Ethanol segment operated well and achieved 2 quarterly records, the highest average production rate at 3.48 million gallons per day and the lowest cash operating expense per gallon at $0.28. Our Retail segment reported first quarter 2012 operating income of $40 million, consisting of $11 million in the U.S. and $29 million in Canada, which was down from the first quarter of 2011, mainly due to lower fuel margins. In the first quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $164 million, which was in line with guidance but above fourth quarter 2011, mainly due to legal settlements that favorably impacted the fourth quarter of 2011 results. Depreciation and amortization expense was $384 million; net interest expense, $99 million; and the effective tax rate in the first quarter was a negative 28%, but adjusting for the Aruba impairment, the effective tax rate was 37%.  Regarding cash flows in the first quarter, capital spending was $884 million, which includes $158 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. Our expected capital spending for the full year 2012 is consistent with our previous guidance at around $3.5 billion.  Also in the first quarter, we returned $189 million in cash to our shareholders as we paid $83 million in dividends and spent $106 million to purchase 4.5 million shares of our common stock. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of March, total debt was $7.6 billion, cash was $1.6 billion and our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 27.4%. At the end of the first quarter, we also had over $4.6 billion of additional liquidity available. We made several notable improvements to our refining system in the first quarter. We started our hydrogen plants at Memphis and McKee, which benefit from high oil and low natural gas prices and were 2 of our key economic projects. In addition, we completed large turnarounds at our Wilmington and Memphis refineries, and we began a very large turnaround at our St. Charles refinery, which we just completed last week. Included at St. Charles was a project that replaced coke drums to improve reliability. Regarding key capital projects in progress, our 2 hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles remain on budget and on time for completion in the second half of this year. These projects were designed to capitalize on high crude oil and low natural gas prices, while producing diesel and gasoline to meet the growing global demand. We look forward to completing these projects and enjoying the expected benefits to cash flow. So now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thanks, Mike. For modeling our second quarter operation, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.44 million to 1.48 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 400,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 275,000 to 285,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel, which is lower than the first quarter due to higher plan throughput volumes and expected lower maintenance costs.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.32 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization expense. With respect to some of the other items for the second quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $170 million, and net interest expense should be around $70 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the second quarter should be around $385 million, with the reduction in Aruba depreciation and amortization expense mostly offset by additional expense from new equipment entering service. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter should be approximately 36%. Okay, John, that concludes our opening remarks. We'll now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I got a couple of quick ones hopefully. My first one is really on the crude charge. We've obviously seen another, I guess, extended or relatively extended period of very attractive TI and, I guess, inland discounts relative to waterborne crude. I'm just curious about -- I imagine you’re trying to optimize your runs and if you could just give us an idea just to how, if any, changes that you're making or have made in terms of trying to gain greater exposure to those spreads? And I've got a couple of quick follow-ups, please.
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay, Doug, this is Joe. Listen, obviously, we are. We're trying to run as much of the light-sweet domestic crudes that we can. If I look at our crude slate in general, from last quarter, we did run more light-sweet crude, and we also ran more medium-sour crude, and we basically backed out resid. So we continue to look for opportunities to optimize the overall slate. Now when we think in terms of what are we doing in the Gulf Coast here and what do we think the market's going to look like, I mean, the Brent to LLS spread -- or LLS to WTI spread could be anywhere from $5 to $25 over the next year. We just -- none of us really have any idea as to what that's going to be. We do believe, though, however, that longer-term, that's going to come in to $3 to $4. And I think this view would be supported by the fact that Seaway's pipeline tariff is in that range or slightly below that. Now we know that domestic production of light-sweet crude is continuing to grow and is going to continue to do so over the next several years, and a lot of these crudes are making their way to the Gulf Coast via the pipelines, whether it be Seaway or Longhorn reversal, the Seaway expansion, the Keystone southern leg and so on. So these crude prices, the discounts are going to continue to come in. And in this system, what we're doing is looking for every opportunity to run more light-sweet domestic crude. We currently run about 200 a day, and we think that we can take that up by perhaps another 200, based on some projects that we're looking at. So that's our plan, and that's what I got for you.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My follow-up is kind of related, actually, because you guys periodically have dabbled with hedging, and I'm just curious if you have that view of that spreads are potentially coming in over time. I'm just curious if you're tempted to try and walk in some of those spreads currently in order to make whatever adjustments you would plan to do near-term?
Joseph W. Gorder: Doug, I guess this isn't directly the answer to your question, but we have -- and I think everybody knows that we've shifted our hedging. The parity point of crude pricing has shifted away from the Mid-Continent to the U.S. Gulf Coast, and so we’ve shifted our feedstock hedging from a WTI-related basis to a Brent-related basis. And the true WTI barrels that we run in McKee and Ardmore, we're hedging with WTI. Everything else has been shifted to a Brent basis. That had a negative impact on us in the first quarter. But as we head into the second quarter, we're getting it back, and with our long-term view that these spreads are going to come in, we believe that we're properly positioned. Plus just philosophically, it makes sense to use the paper, that the crude that you're running is pricing off of is the risk management tool. And so -- and then your question goes broader to our hedging program. I mean, we do -- or our trading program. We do things from time to time, Doug, but nothing material.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mike, can you give me a number of the balance sheet item in terms of working capital, long-term debt, market value of your inventory in excess of LIFO [ph]?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Paul, the total current assets are $15.8 billion. Total current liabilities, $13.1 billion. Our cash is $1.6 billion as I'd mentioned in my notes, and then our current maturities are $1.1 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The cash is already included in the $15.8 billion you gave, right?
Michael S. Ciskowski: That's correct. Okay, market value of our inventory is $14.2 billion, and value in excess of LIFO is $8.7 billion. Total debt, which includes...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Long-term debt?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. $7.6 billion, and stockholders equity, $16 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: $16 billion, your stockholders equity, perfect. Bill, wondering, did we -- looking in Pembroke, did you make money in the first quarter?
William R. Klesse: What I'm going to do going forward here is because we don't break out these refineries, we deal by system, so we're not going to give you any, going forward, how we're doing on the particular plant. So this would be kind of the last time. So at Meraux, we've had a very tough start; however, we've had a turnaround, several turnarounds. We had high crude costs come through, and so now as we get started here into the second quarter, we think Meraux is going to fit very well. You ask about Pembroke. Pembroke has largely been breakeven at the refinery. Marketing has been a little better, but basically, I'd just say to you, it's been a breakeven. Where we're working there is on cost and structure. Their costs are much higher than the way Valero will run these businesses going forward. And just to give you an idea, in April, Pembroke is very profitable. But -- so basically, we haven't made any money on either of these plants or the acquisitions, but we still think they fit very nicely for us, and we've made a lot of changes in 6 months.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, in Pembroke, or that I mean, your overall experience in Europe, does it in any shape or form that have changed your view whether you want to further expand into the European market?
William R. Klesse: Well, it wouldn't be related to our experience at Pembroke. We look at assets that come on the market because we’re very -- I guess I should add, we’re very satisfied with the Chevron acquisition. We just had to make some changes in the way Valero does business. And we had Joe Gorder over there, and he's made a lot of changes, and now, we're sending Eric Fisher over to run the business, and we'll be implementing these changes over the next year. So our experience and how it fits into our system, overall, and for the long term, we’re very satisfied. Now you ask about expansion in Europe, well, we’re very concerned about the financial crisis in the sense that's going on in Europe. We're concerned about, frankly, the very, very large refining overhang in Europe. And so, as we see these plants coming on the market, we're just going to be very, very cautious. It really has to fit into our system going forward.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, do you have the number you can share in terms of the same-store sales in the first quarter and also so far in April in your network?
William R. Klesse: Yes. So now we're to the U.S. Retail, we'll give you the Canada as well, and Gary Arthur is here who runs our Retail, so...
Gary Arthur: So, yes. The same-store gasoline was up 2.5% for the first quarter versus a year ago. We continue to benefit from the strength of the Texas market where we have about 600 of our 1,000 company-operated stores. So Texas continues to be very, very strong. We're a little bit weaker in the West, and I think that's a reflection of both the economic climate not being quite as strong and competitive pressures that we see in that market.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How about in April so far?
Gary Arthur: April so far, we're about where we were in March, about even with March, and on a same-store basis on gasoline, we're down about 7/10 of 1%. When you adjust for the fact that we have 5 Sundays in the month of April this year versus last year, Sundays being our slowest day of sales, so when we adjust for that, to get a true comparison, we're down slightly.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then when you say in the first quarter up 2.5% in benefit, correct me, from the Texas strong market. If we would strip out Texas, then what does your overall same-store sales look like?
Gary Arthur: If we stripped out Texas, I would tell you, we would be down slightly.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So less than 1%?
Gary Arthur: Yes, I would say less than 1%.
William R. Klesse: But that reflects California, Colorado…
Gary Arthur: Arizona.
William R. Klesse: And Arizona, which…
Gary Arthur: Wyoming. Those 4 markets.
William R. Klesse: But Arizona is down significantly, and so has been Colorado, right?
Gary Arthur: That's right.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, final question. It looked like that in many of the shale oil plays, the liquid production coming out of your NGL and condensate, and black oil may be actually less than 50%?
William R. Klesse: Paul, I missed a couple of words. Oh, shale…
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm saying that in many of the new shale oil plays, whether it's in Eagle Ford or even in the Permian Basin and all that, the new liquid production increase looks like it's going to be NGL and condensate, and maybe less than half is black oil. So do you see that as an opportunity for you to bring more of the condensate in your system or that you build some condensate splitters to take advantage of, potentially, an oversupply of condensate?
William R. Klesse: So you have a lot of questions there. In the Eagle Ford, the quality of the oil has actually been better than what was originally expected, that being it's a little heavier. So it's better quality oil. So we are running -- Joe told you, but we're running 100,000 barrels a day, and another month or 2, we’ll be even higher between Three Rivers, Corpus Christi and Houston. We are actually taking some to Houston. So that's been the higher quality. Some of the other basins, we're not really connected to, so it's been kind of an academic question so far. And obviously, the stuff in the Panhandle, Ardmore, has all been good quality oil. So now to condensate, yes, we would agree with all the chemical companies, from NGLs to condensates, that we see this -- and how you divide them sometimes gets a little hazy there. But we see a significant increase in ethanes, propanes, butanes, all these, geez even the C6's. So, yes, we see that coming to market. That's why I think somebody told me the other day, there is 9 ethylene plants announced, and this is the resurgence of the petrochemical industry in the United States. And we at Valero are looking for ways that we can participate where we bring real value to the conversation. So we continue to look at our options. But yes, your general statement is absolutely true. There is a significant increase in NGLs and condensates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It’s Faisel from Citi. On the Memphis refinery, I know you guys have access to the Capline pipeline system. What's your ability as a major customer on that pipeline to influence its reversal?
William R. Klesse: We would probably have no influence at all. We're not an owner. It's Plains and Marathon and BP. Is that right?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes.
William R. Klesse: Plains, Marathon, BP. And they're the owners of the pipeline, and they own the pipeline.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Understood. Can you give us an idea how your Eagle Ford crude is pricing into your refinery systems today?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. It’s pricing off of LLS minus the discount.
William R. Klesse: And we have a posting, and it's posted there, which you could look up, but I think it's LLS minus $6. But it's a posting, so it's readily available to anybody.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the hydrocracker integrations at Port Arthur and St. Charles. And what's required with those plants, how does that impact the operations, the facility as you tie those hydrocrackers in?
William R. Klesse: So Lane Riggs that runs Refining is with us, and Lane is going to answer you.
Lane Riggs: So in terms of -- we anticipate starting up Port Arthur as mentioned earlier, in the second half, and then we'll finish mechanical completion on St. Charles right at year-end. We have start-up teams on the ground already, working to get these things started up over the licensors and our own internal refinery experts, and we have a pretty good strategy in terms of trying to acquire feed -- getting the feedstock for them, and so we're working through all that.
Joseph W. Gorder: And then I guess on the product side, we've got, Jeff, we’ve got this stuff in place to move the barrels out. I mean, we're -- at Port Arthur, we’re looking forward to having the high-quality, high-cetane diesels that we've put out in the market and export. And then at St. Charles, we’ve got the export capabilities, plus we're doing Parkway Pipeline project, which will allow us to move barrels out of that market up to Collins and then into Plantation or Colonial.
William R. Klesse: So Jeff let me go back and add a little more to Lane. So -- but the process we're checking, so it's mechanically complete, and then we have to check out these -- check it out here, and that's going to take us 3, 4 weeks. Then we have to do some pre-treating. Then you have to load the catalysts. So when you actually look at this thing, even though we've been training our people here for a year, actually, from mechanical completion to the point of starting up here is really going to take us between 60 and 90 days. So that if you actually look at this, where I've told some of you guys we could get this done in 6 weeks to 8 weeks, it's really going to take us a little longer than that because of some of the catalysts. Remember, these are high-pressure units running at 2,200 pounds. So we really won't see the benefit of the unit at Port Arthur until the fourth quarter in the P&L, and the same would be true at St. Charles. It'll probably spill to very late in the first quarter or actually see the full benefit in the second quarter.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Gotcha. Very helpful. And does the integration impact the throughput into the crude unit?
Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane again. No, we did all the tie-ins and all that tie-in work on previous turnarounds, so we don't anticipate a throughput on the rest of the refinery to start these up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I hopped on a tad late, so I apologize if you covered this, but I had a question regarding the opportunity cost of the downtime in the first quarter. Obviously, a very heavy turnaround period, and that weighs on your efficiency and capture rates. I'm curious if you can give us an idea of what your kind of normalized earnings may have looked like had you not had that downtime.
Ashley M. Smith: Blake, our estimate for first quarter impact was about $170 million.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: $170 million. And that's pre- or post-tax, Ashley?
Ashley M. Smith: That's pretax.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, I get somewhat related to that, obviously, as we move to kind of a more normalized run rate and, hopefully, cash flow improves, the buyback run rate in the first quarter is about $100 million. Should we think that, that run rate kind of improves heading into 2Q with, hopefully, improved cash flow?
William R. Klesse: I would not make that assumption. It is tied to the free cash flow. I have said that we will look at our dividend again in July as we completed the Port Arthur hydrocracker. We also have $750 million of debt that matures here in April.
Ashley M. Smith: We've already paid.
William R. Klesse: We already paid. We also actually called $107 million of tax exempt debt that was economic to call, and that gets paid, right here, first of May.
Ashley M. Smith: Right, it's later this week.
William R. Klesse: Later this week. So we are also working the interest rate arbitrage that you have on our debt. So there's things that we're doing with our cash. But our intent, Blake, is to return cash to the shareholders as we’ve said and have one of the highest yields among our peer group, and we continue to do that, and we think our equity is still very inexpensive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rakesh Advani from Crédit Suisse.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know you guys had highlighted that you're seeing a pretty strong export environment. I just kind of wanted your views on how long do you think that would -- is going to last for and what the impact of Motiva will be on it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, I'll tell you, you said it, and it's true. I mean, the export markets are very strong right now. I mean, diesel growth and demand abroad is very high. We’re seeing diesel exports, not perhaps at the highest levels they've ever been, but certainly, very near that. And for the quarter, we exported 170,000 barrels a day of diesel. The bulk of that went to Europe. The rest of it went to Latin America. On the gasoline side, we're also seeing strong demand there. And again, gasoline exports are at very high levels historically. And for the quarter, we exported 80,000 barrels a day of gasoline, most of which went to Mexico and Latin America. If you look at the factors that are affecting the export market going forward, I mean, they're not factors that can readily change. I mean, Chile is importing as much, if not more, distillates as they ever have, and their demand continues to grow. So far this year, they're importing 83,000 barrels a day. Mexico's diesel imports were 105,000 barrels a day, and their Refining capacity just doesn't meet their internal demand for products. If you look at what's happening on the gasoline side, you've got Venezuela with capacity off-line. We've got Hovensa shut down, so that production is out of the market, Mexico gasoline imports have averaged 392,000 barrels per day. That's up 5% over the previous year, and Petrobras is importing significant volumes of gasoline and diesel. So all of these are based on solid economic activity and lack of supply. And so these aren't things that readily get addressed. Now how will Motiva affect this? Well, obviously, anytime you're going to put more product into the market, you're going to offset other product unless there's growth in the market. And so, who would be at risk in this case? It would be the marginal caps [ph]. It would be the marginal refiners, and that's not us.
William R. Klesse: I think I would add to this that Joe mentioned Hovensa is down. We've shut Aruba down. Aruba made distillate. It did not make gasoline. Marcus Hook is down. Trainer is down, but I guess it's coming back. So if you look at just the basics in the U.S. supply, even though some is East Coast, some is Gulf Coast, really Motiva is just kind of filling in a void that these refineries have left. So I think, initially, there'll be some logistics as people try to jockey things around. Some will go in the pipelines because Colonial has done an expansion. Plantation has some room. And some will get exported, but on the other hand, there's been refineries taken off-line, and just remember that Curaçao is limping along. And obviously, the Venezuelans are really no longer in the export market.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just one final one. I know on your slides that you put on your presentation you've talked about the Brent to LLS inversion. You've kind of given the range, I guess, maybe between 2014 and '15 where you could see an inversion based on 2011 imports of light to medium sweet crude. I guess the recent data from the EIA is showing that imports of that kind of crude is only averaging about 510,000 a day. Do you think this would kind of alter your view on maybe it happening even sooner than expected?
William R. Klesse: Well, I think it's a very fair question. Remember on our slide, there is a little bit of a dilemma of where you make the cut between some of the lights and the mediums. So if you're looking at our slide, let's just stick with our numbers and -- because we probably have some medium crude in there. But basically, the U.S. is going to push out of the Gulf Coast the light-sweet crude. Now it is happening quickly. Eagle Ford production is increasing dramatically, and that is getting to the Coast. Some of the other crudes, Enterprise says they're going to start up -- Enterprise, Enbridge will start up Seaway here in May, right? In May, don't forget you have Magellan on Longhorn, so you have all these things that are going to happen in the next year. So all that crude is coming. The big piece of that, though, I will remind you and our assumptions is that BP at Whiting where BP’s heavy-up [ph] project, and so that's a big, sort of like 200,000 barrels a day of the volume that basically gets pushed back into Cushing. So we still think it's a '14, '15, but your question is correct. It makes a little difference where you're cutting the lights and the mediums.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Dahlman Rose.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned Seaway. I was curious if you have any guidance for Seaway barrels that you might be buying for 2Q or later than that? I guess it’s starting up, as you mentioned, within the next couple of weeks here.
William R. Klesse: Well, we're not a shipper on Seaway. It will just be availability of barrels on the Gulf Coast.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And for those, that would be, they'd already be repriced at LLS once they get there?
William R. Klesse: Well, I guess. It just depends on how many of them there are.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Lastly, this is more of a macro question. There's been a lot of sort of outside-of-industry interest in refining assets. Presumably, it's just a reaction to simple coastal cracks expanding. It seems like the benefits of this capacity rationalization that we saw lead to events that sort of offset those benefits down the road when you get restarts. Are you concerned about the levels of light-sweet cracks here on the coast as we get restarts and sort of private equity or outside buyers chasing the market?
William R. Klesse: Well, we believe there's still too much refining capacity in the U.S., as well as certainly, Western Europe. So the Atlantic Basin has too much refining capacity. So how does the industry balance it? It balances by reducing operating rate. And so, as these plants, certainly as Trainer appears that it's going to come back into the market, it's going to put some refined product back in there, and that will affect the operating rates. But the industry is slowly rationalizing capacity. It just does. Some things die hard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can we just summarize your comments on U.S. gasoline and diesel demand to say that it appears from your -- and I know this isn’t perfect -- functional and geographical perspective that we may be gravitating towards maybe minus 1% to 0% growth year-to-date? Is that kind of consistent with what you were saying earlier?
William R. Klesse: Well, certainly, it's down. Gene is going to give you his comments.
S. Eugene Edwards: This is Gene. If you look at the monthly data or the weekly data that’s come out, it looks like gasoline demand has been off about 4% year to date. But something interesting, the DOE just published the February monthlies, which is all the revised data. And I think they we're missing exports last year on gasoline. They were understating them. This year, they've been overstating them. Also some discrepancies on naphtha, whether it's a blend stock or a chemical feedstock and how that gets categorized. So when they published the February data, they actually revised gasoline demand up by 300,000 barrels a day, which put it basically flat to last year. So this was February. In January, we had a similar thing going on. We won't really have the March data until a month from now, but it looks like gasoline demand is a lot flatter than last year than what the all the other data has been showing so far. [indiscernible] distillate, it got revised up. The month -- the weekly data showed it's about flat to last year. The monthly data says it's up about 2% versus last year.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Gene, that's consistent with what you guys are seeing in your markets?
S. Eugene Edwards: Exactly.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And also Bill, you mentioned a minute ago about the resurgence in the petrochemical industry, something along those lines, and so you mentioned you might be interested in participating in the value chain. And so to the degree you're interested, could you comment on what you mean by that? And does that include grassroots petrochemicals?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if it includes grassroots in the sense of businesses where we don't participate. I mean, you need to bring some value to this conversation. But we make benzene, toluene, xylene and we make a lot of propylene today. I'm sure we do something else. Is there anything else we make? But we're big in propylene here. So we've looked at mixed xylenes. Obviously, these condensates, actually I think, will replace some oil long-term into gasoline. So there's a lot of that type of thing, and we're looking at how do we take advantage of this because if you think strategically about Valero, we largely make fuel, and 80% of our output is fuel, and it doesn't necessarily all have to come from oil.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up to an earlier comment that you are running about 200,000 a day of I think it was WTI-linked is perhaps how you described it, and you had several projects underway to double that. Firstly, what's the timeframe on those projects? And I guess the big question here is how much more light-sweet U.S. crude you believe you can run on a longer-term basis and how much that would cost?
William R. Klesse: Well, let me answer you then, and Joe can add to this. What -- at Three Rivers, Corpus Christi, we’re approaching about all we can run without getting some -- without a permit option and a project. And that number is going to be a hundred and do you guys have [indiscernible] Ashley?
Ashley M. Smith: About 140,000, yes. 130,000.
William R. Klesse: Including Houston or no?
Joseph W. Gorder: No. That would not…
William R. Klesse: 110,000 at Corpus and at Three Rivers, and then we're doing 30,000 or so at Houston. Then we have numerous pre flash options and things that allow us 30,000 here, 40,000 there, at some of our other plants, which we can do because it loads up our light engine. Beyond that, we are still basically a heavy complex coking refiner. And we still believe, strategically, that the Keystone Pipeline is going to be built. It's going to be built on Obama's time scale, which is first quarter of '13. We think that there will be approval if he wins election and that the pipeline will get done here by the end of '14 or early '15 and that heavy crude oil will come to the U.S. Gulf Coast. So -- but Valero still brings value in being able to operate these coking-type refineries. And it'll all be driven economically with our LPs, which will squeeze in as much of the light crude if it's priced properly.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Bill, that list got me 200,000 of existing. Where's the extra 200,000 coming from?
Joseph W. Gorder: If we take a look at what we can do, you can swing Houston to run 100% light-sweet. Now this is all assuming that the economics makes sense for us to do this. You can run more light-sweet crude in Texas City, and we could run light-sweet crude in Port Arthur.
William R. Klesse: Okay. So I'll give you some numbers because obviously we do all this work. We could run about 85,000 at Houston, 40,000 at Texas City, 40,000 at Port Arthur, 20,000 at St. Charles and 50,000 or so at Meraux and so, we can do those kind of things so...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is that with no extra spending that you could get there?
William R. Klesse: There is some spending but minor, very minor.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then if there was -- sorry to just press the subject a bit, but it's very interesting and a very big story as far as we're concerned...
William R. Klesse: Well, it's because every company you will talk to is going to try to do what I'm speaking.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And what do you think -- what would be the next leg if you wanted to -- let's say, for example, Keystone was not approved or it was uncertain for another 3 years, 4 years, whatever? Would you -- what would you do then?
William R. Klesse: Well, what we would be forced to do is look at being able to run more light-sweet -- light and medium crudes in some our refineries, because it would all be dependent on what the diff is for the heavy sour.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. What -- so to take the second part of that first, what is the discount? I mean, does -- I think there's an approximate number to think about for how much discount or premium of heavy oil, whatever it is that would cause you just to say, okay, all light-sweet from here?
William R. Klesse: Well, we think that between in a SUN coker, between 10% to 12% of the price, you can run a SUN coker and make money. And if you would drop down, if you get down to 8%, 7%, if you still have $100 oil here, you're running out of economics on the coker. You think so, Gene?
S. Eugene Edwards: Probably so. A lot of it depends on where the medium sours are too. Today, medium sours are running between $5.50, $6 discounts to LLS, so we are still seeing good margins to run the medium sours in those sort of refineries versus sweet. And then they'd look at the medium sours, it's going to be a switch between that and the heavy sours so that’s about a $6 spread as well between those 2.
William R. Klesse: And so this is what Gene's getting into more detail is this is what happens every single day here. We have a whole department that runs these models for us, and it would just be -- if we don't have the discounts out there for heavy sour, we're optimizing the system all the time. Remember, we're buying our oil every day.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But what I'm wondering, Bill, is at what point would you actually start investing to up your light. I mean, obviously, I guess you wouldn't do that until you were sure Keystone was not going to happen.
William R. Klesse: Well, we would -- we might do some pre flashing. But the issue you went into, quite frankly, is you load up your gas plant and your light end capability. And so those projects certainly become bigger. And then we have to be honest. In the world where we live in today, it is extremely difficult to get these permits as long as we have to do CO2. In Texas, it's terrible, and Kim's here, and she's telling that even in Louisiana and other states, it's extremely difficult now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And that's because you get more CO2 with a light-sweet crude?
William R. Klesse: Well, because we may have more heaters, you got more process, so if we trip -- yes, go ahead, speak
Kimberly S. Bowers: Right, so if we trip them into the tailor [ph] and roll the CO2, now we have to cover CO2 in our permits, whether you're in Texas or any place else for -- if we hit that major level so...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Is there any sense of what level is? Sorry to keep pressing on this, but it's kind of crucial.
Kimberly S. Bowers: No. I think it's 75,000 or 100,000. I mean, if the tailoring rolls, it's a threshold that's higher than it would normally be to trip it, but still, almost any significant project will trip it.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's really interesting...
William R. Klesse: But that now makes -- us and everybody else has to get a permit that addresses the CO2.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But I think, as just a final point, you don't expect the crude export ban to be lifted, right?
William R. Klesse: We do not.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is there a specific reason for that, Bill, or is it a general kind of opposition to raise -- what would effectively raise crude price in the U.S, I guess?
William R. Klesse: It's just we just have felt that, that's going to be very difficult to have happen. But I wouldn't say we're giving you a scientific or any better answer here than you would have yourself.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just maybe some follow-up on this broader Gulf Coast impact from U.S. production growth. I mean, just beyond maxing out light runs in your system, which clearly isn’t optimal -- at current differentials isn’t optimal for many of your refineries you just detailed. But before any major Canadian solution is available, as a next step, I mean, can you talk through the -- an increased kind of blending opportunity here with the overload of lights to kind of blend into some of these medium crudes to press those discounts or re-create those. Is that -- I mean do you -- how do you see blending playing out when you have, essentially, a system in the Gulf of Mexico and you could debate the time based upon what you think production growth date is, where you're going to back out at least one type of crude at some point that you can debate the timeframe. But over the next couple of years, how does blending kind of play into that?
William R. Klesse: Well, it's a very good question. Now we aren't blending or anything at a terminal, so this is all at refineries. Now we are, at St. Charles and at Corpus Christi, putting in facilities that will let us run a broader selection of crudes, and then we will blend them for the process unit, because we'd like to show the process unit a relatively steady diet here of crude. So we actually have -- 2 of our plants have projects underway right now. One is tankage. One is a lot of pipe, to allow us to blend crudes for the unit, which would let us run a broader spectrum of crude. And we're looking at the same type of projects for the other plants as well. So we're doing it at the refineries, and it lets us then optimize that crude cost.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Does the blending raise the potential ceiling of a light-sweet diet that's ultimately kind of blended into something else before it's run versus what you stated?
William R. Klesse: Yes. We would optimize -- this is a little bit of -- you're asking something here, so we're going to give you -- this is how we view it, all right?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs. So the numbers you heard from Bill earlier in terms of the amount of light sweet crudes into each one of the refineries is pretty much the number on a blended basis into these refineries up to sort of a light ends constraint or a crude tower shell capacity constraint making -- backing out medium sour or light-sweet in that refinery.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So there’s not an incremental back-out of any kind of medium barrel -- if the price allowed it without a front-end investment?
Lane Riggs: We would. We look at the relative value of these domestic sweets or any sweets for that matter versus the medium sour, and we increment up to a constraint on the refinery, and that's so -- the numbers that Bill had given you earlier is roughly our constraint to a light end constraint or a shell capacity. Probably backing out depending on the refinery whether it could be medium sour or sweet.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Understood. A different question on Keystone South. I didn't know if you've had this in your comments, but then would you have to nominate in that line to maintain a position in the Keystone XL, the transnational line?
Joseph W. Gorder: No. They're reserving the space in the South segment for those that nominated space on the -- as part of the bullet line.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. But if you ultimately wanted -- if you didn't take Keystone South capacity, would that negatively impact your ability for your nominations when the line is ultimately...
Joseph W. Gorder: From Hardisty. No, it would not affect our commitments from Hardisty South. We have our space. The committed shippers on the northern segment will have their space all the way down. Now when I ship from Cushing South, then we need to nominate incremental space. In other words, we've got our space all the way from Hardisty to the Gulf. But if we just say we want to move Mid-Continent barrels from Cushing South in addition, we would need to nominate.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And then maybe lastly, do you have any closure cost estimate on the Aruba Refinery, what that...
William R. Klesse: As of today, we've just suspended operations. So we are working all our options and still continue to work our options. And so, it's a different situation than some of the other numbers that you've seen in the marketplace. But ours would be less than $100 million, but the facts are that's not what -- we're working really some options here that will be good for our shareholders.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Wow. Maybe you could sell to Delta.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry to go back to this, but just so I'm understanding the light sweet ability in the Gulf Coast, you can do 200,000 today. To do another 200,000 requires some modest amount of investment and then to go beyond that, you have the issues with the permits and more meaningful CapEx? Am I understanding that correctly?
William R. Klesse: That's correct.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any quantification on how much minimal investment is and the timeframe to do it?
Lane Riggs: Not much. Like Bill said, we would -- to do more than we have the capacity today, we'll have to put some pre flash towers in some of our heavy sour locations because the shell capacity of those towers really were designed to run a heavier diet. So it'd be tough...
William R. Klesse: No, I don't think we have a good number for you.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then separately, you talked about ongoing portfolio optimization. You've obviously taken the action at Aruba and the East Coast plants. Where does the California fit in terms of how you see it as part of your system? Clearly -- or presumably not as bleak of an outlook as the East Coast. Do you see any light at the end of the tunnel there or any other actions you can take to improve your California outlook?
William R. Klesse: Well, Arjun, we are taking action. Our costs at Benicia are too high, and we've been addressing that to get our per barrel cost down and we continue to work that. But the California market is a big market, and we still have 11% unemployment in California, so they have many, many economic issues in the state. The thing that is struggling to us is that their policies, primarily from CARB, are extremely anti-business, and the consumer really does not understand how much his prices are going to go up, which is what CARB wants so that they get the conservation. So you asked a proper question. We’re trying to optimize our portfolio so that we can compete long-term, and we're trying to evaluate all of these issues and what our real potential is on the West Coast.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Would separating it from Valero make sense? And is that a consideration for you?
William R. Klesse: I hadn't thought of -- you mean like separate it into a freestanding business?
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, Valero California, whatever you want to call it. Separate company, spun out from Valero Corp.
William R. Klesse: We have not looked at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Sorry to circle back on the light sweet issue one more time. So if you put in these flash towers with minimal CapEx, does that change your crude flexibility at all going forward? In other words, can you swing back to the heavier barrel, if need be, if prices are correct?
William R. Klesse: Yes, we can. You guys are asking us things that we have not engineered here. So we're off in a thing here -- the conversation is probably 4 years out. But yes, if we -- if that's what happens. But I want to emphasize what we do every day and, frankly, what all our competitors do every day is they're running their LPs, and they play -- they go to a crude mix that they believe is optimal for that facility. And what we're doing right now is we're building some tankage at St. Charles, we're doing work at Corpus Christi, that allows us to blend crudes, give us more flexibility here so that we can run and buy some other crudes that are priced economically.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: When they're available?
William R. Klesse: When they're available. But as this volume continues to increase, we, as everybody, will wind up being able to run more of this light and medium crude oils. Because we will do things around our plants to let us do it, because we do believe that LLS is going to sell at a discount to Brent, and that's the main point that will drive you that way.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Right. Mike, a couple of quick items. What's the remaining CapEx on the hydrocrackers as of the end of the first quarter? And did I hear you right that the debt maturity in April, you paid that off?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, we paid off the debt maturity, the $750 million. The remaining capital on the hydrocrackers, it's about -- Port Arthur, we look like we have about $300 million left and on St. Charles about $500 million left.
William R. Klesse: Just so you know, there's a couple other little projects around there that are finishing as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a follow-up. In our discussion around the incremental amount of light-sweet crude you could run in the Gulf Coast, where does Memphis fit into all this? I mean, clearly, I think that's consuming LLS benchmark crudes. So what kind of crude slate is that consuming? And how would that benefit from an LLS discount versus Brent?
William R. Klesse: Well, it will benefit in the sense that -- what product prices are. But your observation is correct. Memphis runs an LLS plus because Capline flows north. So this goes all the way back to a question earlier that someone asked about Capline going south. Also, some crudes can come into the refinery by water as well, but the plant runs LLS plus. It does have a very strong local market though. It has -- I guess it's -- the largest rack in our system are very close, and we have a big customer for turbine fuel, and so we operate in more of a regional capacity at the Memphis plant.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And on the hydrogen plant investments that came online I believe you said in the first quarter here, you gave us some guidance in your slide presentations of around $100 million in EBITDA was your base case, and I think using 2011 prices, you said about $176 million using LLS, but I assume that was based on last year's natural gas prices. So I was trying to figure out what the lower gas price for this year means in terms of potential uplift for that investment.
William R. Klesse: The guys are looking it up. Remember, at McKee, we had the catcracker down. We're still running some oil there, but we have a big turnaround going on. So the McKee hydrogen plant has not run to capacity yet. We’ve got the numbers here.
Ashley M. Smith: Faisel, this is Ashley. For every dollar change in the price of natural gas per MMBtu, it adds about $6.5 million a year in EBITDA, and based on the '11 pricing, we're effectively using $4 natural gas. So you could easily -- on your call, whatever your call on natural gas is, it looks like at least $1 lower, could be more.
Operator: Our last question comes from Harry Mateer from Barclays.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A quick one from me. Mike, can you just confirm the April maturity? Did you pay that down with cash on hand? Or did you use the bank facility or the AR line?
Michael S. Ciskowski: We have dipped into our AR line a little bit while we paid off this maturity. But we started the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So what -- it would help maybe you can -- what's the pro forma debt number, I guess, we should be using?
Michael S. Ciskowski: I guess...
William R. Klesse: We're probably going to go ahead and issue some tax exempt bonds that we have the ability to do. So if you want a good number, I'm going to say to you 7 1 or 7 2.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thank you, John. And I just wanted to thank the investors for listening to this call. If you have any questions, please contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph W. Gorder - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Jean Bernier - Executive Vice President S. Eugene Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley M. Smith: Thank you, John. Good morning. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, Executive Vice President and President of European Operations; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, Executive Vice President. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached in the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you all for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported fourth quarter 2011 income from continuing operations of $45 million, or $0.08 per share. This number includes an after-tax benefit of approximately $161 million, or $0.29 per share, from a year end LIFO inventory decrement. Our fourth quarter 2011 operating income was $167 million versus operating income of $378 million in the fourth quarter of '10. Our fourth quarter refining throughput margin was $5.46 per barrel, which is a 25% decrease compared to the fourth quarter of '10. The decrease in throughput margins compared to the fourth quarter of '10 was due to lower margins for gasoline and petrochemical feedstocks, plus reduced discounts for medium and heavy sour feedstocks such as Mars and Maya crude oils. These declines were partially offset by higher margins for diesel. In the fourth quarter of '11, Gulf Coast gasoline margins per barrel versus LLS decreased 185% to a negative $2.05 from a positive $2.42 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Gulf Coast ULSD margins per barrel versus LLS increased 39% from $9.88 in the fourth quarter of 2010 to $13.71 in the fourth quarter of '11. So far in the first quarter of 2012, Gulf Coast margins have moved higher, averaging over $5.50 per barrel for gasoline and about $16 per barrel for ULSD. The Maya heavy sour crude oil discounts versus LLS decreased 44% from $12.75 in the fourth quarter of '10 to $7.19 per barrel in the fourth quarter of '11. The Maya discount has narrowed some in the first quarter, with the average down to around $4.50 per barrel. The WTI crude discount versus LLS increased over $13 per barrel from $3.34 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2010 to $16.70 per barrel in the fourth quarter of '11, which helped improve throughput margins in our Mid-Continent region from the fourth quarter of '10 to the fourth quarter of '11. Our fourth quarter 2011 refinery throughput volume averaged to 2.7 million barrels per day, up 523,000 barrels per day from the fourth quarter of 2010. The increase in throughput volumes was mainly the addition of capacity from the acquisition of Pembroke and Meraux refineries, plus operating the Aruba Refinery, which was not in operation during the fourth quarter of 2010. Refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of '11 were $3.92 per barrel, which was higher than the third quarter of 2011 and our guidance, mainly due to costs of a legal settlement, plus higher regulatory and tax expense. Our Ethanol segment reported its best quarter on record with $181 million of operating income, which was up $111 million from the fourth quarter of 2010 and up $74 million from the third quarter of 2011, mainly due to much higher gross margins. For the full year of 2011, our Ethanol segment reported operating income of $396 million, its best year ever. In addition, since we bought the first 2 plants in 2009 through the end of 2011, we estimate that in less than 3 years, our Ethanol business has generated cumulative pretax cash flow exceeding the purchase price and recovering our $750 million investment. As good as the fourth quarter was for Ethanol, I should point out though that Ethanol margins declined significantly in December, and it remained low so far in the first quarter. Our Retail segment reported fourth quarter operating income of $83 million, consisting of $48 million in U.S. and $35 million in Canada. For the full year 2011, our Retail segment reported their most profitable year ever, with $381 million in operating income, which includes a record high from our Canadian retail, with $168 million in operating income. In the fourth quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $129 million, which was below third quarter 2011 and our guidance, mainly due to favorable legal settlements. Depreciation and amortization expense was $393 million, and net interest expense was $89 million. The effective tax rate on continuing operations in the fourth quarter was 52%, which is higher than our guidance rate of 36% due to the combination of year-end tax adjustments and low pretax income.  Regarding cash flows in the fourth quarter, capital spending was $899 million, which includes $128 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. For the full year of 2011, Valero's total capital spending, including turnaround and catalyst expenditures, was $3 billion, or $200 million below the previous guidance of $3.2 billion. Our expected capital spending for 2012 is consistent with previous guidance at around $3.4 billion. Also in the fourth quarter, we paid $84 million in dividends and $79 million to purchase 3.5 million shares of our common stock. We also spent $547 million to acquire the Meraux Refinery and related logistics assets, which included approximately $219 million for inventory. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of December, total debt was $7.7 billion, cash was $1 billion, and our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 29%. At the end of the fourth quarter, we also had nearly $4.5 billion of additional liquidity available. As to our refining operations in the fourth quarter, we completed the hydrogen plants at Memphis and McKee, which were 2 of our key economic projects. Start-up is underway at Memphis, and we are planning to start up the McKee plant in February. These projects are designed to take advantage of the large spread between natural gas and crude oil prices, which is very valuable given that natural gas is only trading at 15% to 20% of the price of oil on an energy equivalent basis. Our 2 hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles remain on budget and on time for completion in the second half of 2012. These projects were designed to capitalize on high crude oil and low natural gas prices while producing diesel and gasoline to meet growing global demand. And now, I'll turn the call over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley M. Smith: Thanks, Mike. For modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast at 1.38 million to 1.42 million barrels per day; the Mid-Continent at 390,000 to 400,000 barrels per day; the West Coast at 220,000 to 230,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 450,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. The lower throughput volumes in our Gulf Coast and West Coast regions are due to substantial turnaround activities planned for this quarter, particularly at our St. Charles and Wilmington refinery. A listing of our planned turnaround activities was posted this morning to our website under the News Room. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter are expected to be around $4.50 per barrel, which is higher than last quarter due mainly to lower throughput volumes and some higher maintenance cost related to the turnaround activity. Regarding our Ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.34 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $160 million; net interest expense should be around $85 million; total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $400 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 36%. Okay, John, that concludes our opening statements. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Mike mentioned in his opening remarks that Refining margins have improved versus Q4. And on this point, I wanted to see if you could provide your view on product balances in the Atlantic basin over the immediate term, meaning while demand has not been great and capacity growth was pretty significant during the second half of '11, the next couple of quarters appear to be more promising, especially with the closures announced in recent months. And so I just wanted to see if you could provide your perspective on the demand and the supply sides of the equation for the basin in coming quarters? And also, update us on the status of Aruba, too?
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay. Well, Doug, this is Joe. I mean, I'll speak for a minute to the gasoline piece, then somebody else can speak to Aruba. But obviously, with what's happened in the marketplace from a supply perspective, things look encouraging. You've got plant closures in the Northeast U.S., you've got the situation with Petro Plus in Europe. We have Hovensa making announcements. Isla still is running well. So from a supply perspective, products tend to be a bit tighter than they have been. If you look at U.S. gasoline demand, of course it's not particularly strong. But the real story in gasoline continues to be the export markets, where year-to-date through December, we exported 511,000 barrels a day of gasoline, which is up 175,000 from the previous year. So that continues to look good. Now will it continue? I think it probably will. You've got Latin America growing, and they continue to import. Venezuela still has issues at their domestic refineries. And then they're involved of course with Isla and Hovensa. Mexico gasoline imports were up to 405,000 barrels a day, and Petrobras continues to pool gasoline. So if you look at the gasoline markets in general, I think that we're going to continue to see very strong demand, and our export business should continue to be strong. On the distillate side again, you have just average distillate markets here in the U.S., but their exports were also very strong. The industry exported almost 850,000 barrels a day. So that continues, and the same refinery issues that are affecting gasoline are out there for diesel also. The heart [ph] to Europe, which was closed a little bit earlier this year, is now open again, and so we're seeing barrels move that way. Our exports for the quarter were 65,000 barrels a day of gasoline and slightly over 180,000 barrels a day of diesel fuel. So that continues to be good for us. So I hope that answers your question.
William R. Klesse: Concerning Aruba, Doug, we continue to look at our strategic alternatives, but we're in the same boat as was announced by one of our competitors operating in the Caribbean. And so we intend to have a decision here very shortly here within the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: My question evolves around heavy sour discounts in Maya. You talked about Maya premiums being -- or discounts being soft in the first quarter. Lots of things influencing that. The K factor is moving around, resid inventories are low, which is propping up Maya pricing. You got Hovensa coming out of the market, and then eventually Seaway deliveries coming later in June. Could you talk about your expectation for Maya and heavy sours as we look through 2012?
Joseph W. Gorder: Jeff, I mean, this is Joe again. I think you cited on so many of the facts that are going to affect this market. I mean, right now, the discounts are weak. And as you've said, resid is very tight. We also had the compression of the WTI-Brent spread which -- where WTS moves with. And so as that came in, as with respect of the relative prices of WTS, so 80% of the Maya formula was affected by those 2 components. And as you mentioned the K factor, we saw the Mexicans adjust the K by $1.90 a month the last 2 months, and we expect them to continue to move that going forward. So although the discounts are weak today, I think our expectation is that we'll see discounts somewhere close to last year's levels, or slightly below as the year moves on.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And secondly, you guys have been supporters of TransCanada's Keystone Pipeline, and that's experienced some government delays. Are you free to pursue whatever options are best in moving Canadian crude down to the Gulf Coast? Are you considering both TransCanada Keystone and Enbridge? Or are you focused on one or the other more intently?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, Jeff, we continue to be big supporters of Keystone. We think it's a great project, and we're committed to that pipeline. That being said, we have a strong appetite for heavy sour crudes in the Gulf Coast. And we're watching the other projects as they develop. Obviously, we've got Enbridge and Enterprise that have one project in place. We've got an open season now on another pipeline that would parallel the Seaway project. It runs from [indiscernible] south, the Cushing and then on down to the Gulf Coast. And we support all of these projects that would bring additional crudes into the Gulf.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, on the call, signaling higher payouts and rising free cash flow, maybe just give us some color about your thoughts about shareholder distributions? And then I have a follow-up.
William R. Klesse: We increased our dividend last year, and we bought shares in the fourth quarter. There's a few shares that carried over into the first quarter that we purchased because of settlement dates. But clearly, we will look at increasing our dividend, buying some of our shares as we complete our projects. Now first, we're going to maintain our investment-grade rating. Then we have the Port Arthur hydrocrackers should be done at the end of the second quarter, starting up in the third. And in the fourth quarter, we'd finish the one at St. Charles. So as these projects are getting completed, we'll look at how we manage our cash. The other thing that we have said when we've spoken to you all, as we look into '13, we expect our capital spending to fall from our $3.4 billion where we are today for 2012, down into $2.5 billion to the low $2 billion for next year.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Very helpful. Just a follow-on, separate area -- but you're actually making money in the North Atlantic even as everyone else closes around you. Given that you are able to make money from the assets that you've chosen to invest in, I mean, are you tempted to add more to the European refining portfolio if you can find a sort of similar advantaged assets as Pembroke?
William R. Klesse: We have a very good base in the U.K. and Ireland. So with all of the noise that's going on with some of the refineries that are available, yes, we would take a look at this. We say that about everything anyhow. But if you actually look at it, we want a very strong strategic fit. It needs to be compatible in the sense of moving streams between refineries. It needs to bring marketing or at least support our trading in the Atlantic basin and then the exports that Joe spoke about. So it has to have strategic or synergy value to us in fitting into an overall system. But obviously, we read the news and we see what's going on as well. And we have a good base there that we didn't have prior to our acquisition of Chevron's business.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And my interpretation of good base, is this correct, is that you could just stick with your current assets and therefore, the bar for any further acquisitions would have to be that much higher?
William R. Klesse: That would be absolutely right.
Operator: And our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to try a couple of questions also, if I may. The first one, Bill, when you talk about your strategic options for Aruba, and obviously you brought in Europe to the discussion as well, can I ask you to bring us up to date with your thoughts on the West Coast, particularly as it alludes to the free cash flow in the West Coast as opposed to the earnings, specifically if you have continued the requirements for regulatory spending? Does that remain a core area in the perhaps redesign portfolio as you move forward? And I have a follow-up, please.
William R. Klesse: As of today, the West Coast is a very key part of our business. So you use the word core, it is a core asset for us. We have a good position there. We have very good operations. We have had to spend a lot of money at our Benicia refinery here for environmental. And that is true. But the thing that you cannot forget on the West Coast is they're still in a recession or a depression. They have unemployment headline number of 11%, little over that, which means underemployment is probably 2x that. TARP is absolutely out of control. They do not work for the common good, and they're hurting the economy in the West Coast. But for us now, we continue to work on our cost structure, we're attacking that. The refinery operations are reducing costs in that business, and we're in a competitive position. And we're well positioned there. But the macro is the problem, and it needs to be solved.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My follow-up is really more of a micro question on gasoline. We see how strong distillate cracks are, gasoline less so. You've announced your turnaround program which, if I'm not mistaken, looks like it's relatively heavy by historical standards. Could you maybe characterize how do you see the outlook for cleaning up gasoline inventories, the overhang that we have right now? And perhaps if you have a view as to how industry maintenance could perhaps help out over the next couple of months, that would be great. And I'll leave it there.
William R. Klesse: Well for us, these turnarounds have been scheduled. The one at St. Charles, Ashley said we put up our turnaround schedule on the web page. But these have been scheduled turnarounds. So St. Charles would be down for 66 days. In April, McKee goes down to do work on the cracker, which will reduce gasoline production up in the Texas Panhandle. So ours have been scheduled. Now there's no question that gasoline is sloppy, although, quite frankly, the cracks have improved significantly here just in the last couple of weeks. But part of the issue again is in North America and in Europe, we have growing but -- at least in North America -- growing but very slow economy. Europe, Western Europe, I don't know if they're technically in recession today or not. But you combine the uncertainty we have economically, we do have higher prices. We have in the U.S., this housing overhang. And remember, we sell fuels to everybody. And there's a large segment of our customer base who either is unemployed or facing economic uncertainty. So to me, we have to have people getting back to work and economic activity picking up, and we'll see demand recover. And I think we'll see higher demand this year than we had last year. And the turnarounds when we're down obviously reduced production, just as all the shutdowns that had been announced are doing. But I'm optimistic that gasoline's going to be fine this year, but we do need to get people back to work. Distillates is still doing just fine. And as Joe said, the orders [ph] open again in Europe. Economies around us are growing. And from our U.S. Gulf Coast business, we'll continue to export.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mike, can I ask some balance sheet data? In terms of working capital, the long-term debt of the total debt component and inventory market value in excess of both?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Sure, Paul. Our total current assets at the end of the year was at $16 billion. Total current liabilities was $12.7 billion. So our net working capital was $3.3 billion. Our market value in excess of LIFO was about $6.8 billion. Total debt at the end of the year was $7.7 billion. And our stockholders equity was $16.4 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Mike, out of the $7.7 billion in total debt, how much is long-term debt?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Pretty much almost all of that is long-term debt. We did have $250 million that was under our AR program. And included in those numbers is about $45 million of capitalized leases.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. Bill or maybe both Bill and Mike, you're talking about that raising the dividend and maybe doing a bit of the share buyback and returning cash. And next year, your budget is at $2 billion, $2.5 billion, and locking on that, that's a January, a pretty substantial sum of free cash, with your DD&A already in the $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion. How are you looking at that? I mean, historically, I think rising cash flow environment that you tends to spend more as a percentage in the share buybacks and dividend. Going forward, how do you look at it with a recent Baron [ph] article talking about the 4% yield, which for you guys at current share price is about $1 per share, do you think the volatility in your business still way too high therefore, you are trying to search for that kind of yield?
William R. Klesse: Well, I've said that once we get through this spending that we're doing, which we think are very good projects -- so you're asking me how do I look at this? And so we have said that we want to pay one of the highest dividends among our peer group, and that is what we're going to do. And then when I try to match it up between dividend and stock buyback, if we don't add better projects that add shareholder value, then we're going to have our dividend that's high or one of the highest of our peer group. And then we'll use the rest of our cash to maintain our investment-grade ratings. So we may buy back some of our debt or redeem it and at the same time retire some of our shares.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bill, do you have a target ratio between in terms of the cash returned to your shareholders, say, 40, 60 between dividend and share buyback; or 30, 70 or any kind of target?
William R. Klesse: No, I do not. But I will go ahead and add, we as a company do not see benefits of special dividends. So we would tend to act in a more regular manner in the sense of what I just said, paying a dividend that's one of the highest of our peer group. And at the same time then, buying our shares.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's great. Bill, in the past, you have said you've been in discussion with Murphy on Milford Haven. Can you update us whether you are still in discussion on that? And also that you have laid out some of the criteria when you're looking at all that, wondering whether BP Texas City will fit into your criteria in general?
William R. Klesse: Okay. So there's always confidentiality agreements associated when we look at things. But I have said our Pembroke refinery is right across the Haven. From Milford Haven. And I have also said there would be some advantages. However, we are not talking to Murphy.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You are not talking to Murphy now?
William R. Klesse: That's correct. And then as far as Texas City, we have said in the past we've looked at that. But there's a confidentiality agreement, and nothing seems to be happening.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of questions for you. One, as I understand it, the results in the quarter were negatively impacted from your long-haul crude purchases that were kind of tied to the WTI-Brent spread, which compressed. I'm just curious if there's any way to, one, quantify that? And then secondly, is there any discussions of maybe changing the way that you struck through the purchasing going forward?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Yes, Blake, we have estimated what that impact we believe was in the fourth quarter, and the number is about $200 million. And as far as like how we -- I mean, we have an estimate of the number of barrels that we had WTI exposure on. We have been transitioning away from purchasing some of our crudes and hedging away from WTI and reducing that exposure. Joe, do you want to...
Joseph W. Gorder: No. I mean, you're exactly right. During the quarter -- I mean, we looked at the market, we saw the spread had blown out to where it was, and we didn't think it was sustainable. And it was affected by Libyan oil being out of the market and then coming back in. And then the announcement of the Seaway reversal of course had a significant effect on it also. And so we anticipated that it would come back in, and so we started shifting as Mike said, to different basins for our hedging and acquisitions.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. But it's fair to think that, that is not really going to be prevalent in the first quarter?
Joseph W. Gorder: Right.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, Joe, I know you already pretty much covered the export dynamics, but if you don't mind, as I understand it, Valero is increasing their export capacity this year, and I was just curious if you could give us some timing of when that occurs? And is there really incremental demand as it stands right now to actually increase the amount of exports from your system?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. And that's a good question, Blake. I mean, we're working on multiple things that are going to facilitate our ability to export more effectively in the future, some logistics projects. But the 2 hydrocracker projects will be a big plus for that. I mean, we will be able to produce diesel fuels that are of a high quality and allow us to move them anywhere. And the European spec is a more stringent spec than just a generic grade, and so we'll be able to move more barrels that direction. And then it all goes to demand. So I'm telling you, we're going to have the ability to export, then it goes to demand. And with what we're seeing in our industry now with refinery closures and shutdowns and reduced run rates, I think we're going to see strong demand. Plus, you have growth in these markets, as Bill said earlier. You got growth in South America, Latin America. You have growth in Mexico. And so in addition to the supply being constrained, you're going to have higher demand. And we're going to be the beneficiaries of that. We always forget how efficient the Gulf Coast refining system is globally, but it is very efficient. And I think we can compete with anybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Global Hunter Securities.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's somewhat related to the WTI-linked long-haul barrels. It's regarding the buy/sell contract mechanics in the Gulf Coast, which presumably also had an impact in 4Q. Are there any initiatives underway or talks with producers here domestically in the Gulf about using a different kind of contract in that mechanism during the delivery lag?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. I guess we would rather not tell you. Okay? I mean, it's a fair question, but we would rather not tell you specifically what we're doing relative to our crude acquisitions. I mean, I think we had a pretty good feel for the market. We made some good decisions, and I'd rather just kind of stop there.
William R. Klesse: But I will add, so you have some feel for it, that what you typically are doing is locking in the differentials. You can do that with WTI. You can do that with Brent. You can do it with a lot of things. And so how we manage that really becomes a company's internal decision. And that's why Joe is saying to us, it's doing our business every day, and it is a competitive world. But it's really locking in the diffs. And obviously, we had some dips locked in on Brent, right? Or we would've lost more money.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well, here's one that should be less controversial. On the retail numbers, the same-store sales were flat year-over-year. It stands in pretty stark contrast to the DOE demand figures. It looks like there's some kind of error in that data set just based on the massiveness of the drop-off. Your retail numbers, is that reflective of a broader picture of better-than-expected demand? Or is that just your location and exposure and company-specific items?
Jean Bernier: This is Jean Bernier here. No, you are right. Our fourth quarter volume, when compared to the same quarter last year, was better in the fourth quarter than our year-to-date trend. Overall, we're up about 1.5% in the fourth quarter versus a drop of 0.5% year-to-date. And on a same-store basis, we had a similar trend. So we did better in the fourth quarter compared to last year, and some regions did better. And Texas, in particular, was a good market for us.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes, I mean, it's just noteworthy because the weekly DOE numbers have been -- were putting actually a strain on the exchange-traded commodity prices for most of the fourth quarter, and this rebound might reflect some changes in the understanding of that demand picture. So I was just curious if it was a national thing.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. Sam, you just have to remember where our stores are located. They tend to be Southwest, with most of them in Texas. And Texas has a good economy.
William R. Klesse: And then in Canada.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, same thing in our Canadian.
Jean Bernier: Yes. The Canadian volumes are a bit softer when you look at the overall volumes. But that is mainly from our heating and carte blanche segments. If you look at our retail gasoline, we were about flat to last year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: There's quite a significant union issue. Today, I believe, is the deadline. Bill, can you talk a little bit about any potential impacts that we may have? What you expect to happen, what's happened in the past? And also, if you could widen that out from not only a Valero impact potentially but also to a wider industry impact, I'd be grateful.
William R. Klesse: Well, Paul, I'll first speak to Valero. We had 2 refineries that have agreements that terminate tonight. And we continue to negotiate, and I have the expectation that we will have an agreement. At Port Arthur, we have actually 5 agreements, and we tentatively have reached agreement on 4. And so really, there's just one agreement. Now we have -- we're served with notice that they -- I guess it's a notice that says they can strike or will strike if we don't have an agreement here at Port Arthur. And at Port Arthur, we intend to operate, if that's the case. Now as to other companies in the industry, I don't -- some companies were served. We've heard there were 2 companies that were notified that they could have a strike. Remember, we're part of a pattern. Valero is a member of this group that negotiates. Shell has the lead and is negotiating the pattern. So we'll see what happens today, but we expect that we're going to have an agreement. So we'll see what happens.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I think Memphis is the other affected refinery for you guys?
William R. Klesse: Memphis for us is an agreement that expires tonight. At Memphis, we have negotiated with the union an orderly shutdown. And so if they decided to strike, we will shut down at Memphis.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But on balance, you expect an agreement?
William R. Klesse: Yes, we expect an agreement. We're a great company to work for.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I knew that, Bill. I knew that. But it's worth repeating.
William R. Klesse: Maybe there's a job for you here.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I might need one if Wall Street keeps going the way it's going. So the other question I have is on ethanol. I mean, there's been a significant change between Q4 and Q1 in Washington. I wondered if you could just -- I know that you had a record quarter. I believe things are pretty poor right now. And if you could just talk to the way ethanol has shifted and whether we're now in a secular change actually because of what happened in Washington on the credits and stuff?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, Paul, this is Gene. Our margins in the fourth quarter averaged about $0.56 a gallon on an EBITDA basis, which is the strongest quarter we ever had obviously. And the year, averaged about $0.35 a gallon. Since then, the margins have come off. Right now, in January, we're somewhere between breakeven to $0.05 a gallon. Pretty weak. Remember last year at this time, we were pretty weak as well. I think I'll let you know what's happening. We lost the blenders' credit, but I don't think that itself has had much to do with the margins because ethanol today is up $0.60 a gallon under gasoline in the East Coast. So it's still a big margin for blenders to blend regardless of whether the credit is there or not. I think what's going on is just supply/demand. Demand in kind of the fall was around 850,000 barrels a day, plus we were exporting 100,000, 120,000 barrels a day. So you add those together, you needed the supply. And supply ramped up from 900,000 barrels a day to about 950,000 barrels. So it's a very tight market. And what happened in December, January, just a seasonal reduction in gasoline demand, has reduced ethanol blending down to around 750,000, 760,000 barrels a day. And everybody's still running those 940,000 barrels a day. So we've been building inventories. The exports haven't been enough to consume all that with the seasonal drop-off in demand. So going forward, I think what's going to happen, these poor margins we're seeing -- remember these that are even in our plants located in the corn belt. Plants that are outside of the corn belt are negative cash flow right now. So we'll see productions fall off. At the same time, remember the mandate this year is 860,000 barrels a day. So we're blending below the mandate. People are probably using credits right now to blend -- to solve the difference. But at some point, in the near term, we're going to ask the ethanol blending move higher to average 860,000 barrels a day for the year. We factor in exports, which have been strong into Brazil, Canada and Europe, I think they're going to stay in this 100,000, 120,000 barrel a day range. I think the markets are going to get -- just going to tighten back up, and we're just going through a soft period right now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I see the time's okay now. So I'm going to throw in a third, and it might be a little bit of a question I should know the answer to. But I believe the Gulf margins right now are pretty much an all-time record for January. And we've talked about weak gasoline demand. Obviously, we know the export story. But could you just make any observations you've got on just what's driving that strength? It does seem very impressive.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, one thing -- it's Gene again. One thing we're seeing on gasoline, the exports have gone up over 600,000 barrels a day. Joe mentioned the number earlier, 500,000. That was for the year. Just on a weekly basis, the numbers continue to look quite good. We talked about Hovensa shutting down and the Petrol Plus issues and some of the East Coast refinery shut down. I think all of those things just kind of tightened up the projections for a stronger spring.
William R. Klesse: And let me add, we don't see the issue per se on supply in the sense that supply is in reasonably good balance for this time of year. It's been a demand conversation. And we're like a lot of people, we see the economy starting to recover. So we think that demand will be better as we get into the summer. And as Gene said, when you think about how the supply side has been affected here, that actually we see good margins as we go into summer.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then just to finalize on that, is there anything strange or unusual about the capture that you're achieving with current margins? Is there anything we should be aware of as we work through Q1?
Joseph W. Gorder: I would say no.
William R. Klesse: Our answer is no. There should be nothing that we're [ph] aware.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A follow-up on the Atlantic basin. I mean, I see the clear benefits on supply for Pembroke from Atlantic basin tightness and closures. Yet, where do you see the volume limitations on Colonial product into the East Coast? And do you see a potential to move more product out of the Gulf Coast into the East Coast? Clearly, you'd think Aruba [ph] would be a lot tighter this summer into that market, x Hovensa events and the 2 other assets that shuttered in November?
Joseph W. Gorder: At Colonial, we'll see it prorated, right? I mean, it's going to stay full all the time. A lot of barrels are moving out of the Gulf to Florida. They can also move around to the East Coast. It always becomes, from our perspective, an arbitrage opportunity. Where can you supply the East Coast demand that we have most efficiently? Is it out of the Gulf, or is it out of Québec or is it out of Pembroke? And so that's the way we would view this. But as far as the Atlantic basin goes -- I mean, there's just volume coming off from a refining perspective, as we've talked about now everywhere. And it's just making it a much more attractive market for the refiner that can move effectively. We look at our supply opportunities, they're significant. And the issue in trying to determine the ultimate -- that bet that you're looking at, comes down to shipping oftentimes. And foreign flag vessels moving from Quebec and from Pembroke into the New York harbor are advantaged.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And what's the kind of barge arbitrage out of the Gulf Coast? Is that the widest of those 3, obviously Pembroke and Montréal being easier?
Joseph W. Gorder: I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you're asking.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I mean, does the arbitrage have to be the widest in order to justify barging product from the Gulf Coast around Florida into the East Coast? Or is that...
Joseph W. Gorder: No, not always. Not always. It comes down to just being sure that you're efficient in the supply. And there are factors within the refinery that will affect your decision to move one way or the other, okay, in addition to the barge. But generally, we are trying to optimize the margin.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And I have a follow-up question really to differentials. And I guess, first with Maya. I mean, I guess we're constructive on that spread. I mean, what is your ability or what's the spread that -- and since Valero deflects away from Maya and into LLS's, LLS is trading under Brent, and you have a lot of issues, there's a lot of different differentials there. Curious what that price was, or if you were incented in the 4Q to shift away from Maya runs? And then conversely, to the West Coast where crudes are relatively bid into Asian refining start-up capacity, kind of the converse of the Atlantic basin, are you seeing most crude options pricing in the same direction of ANS, which is a tricky marker to follow?
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, this is Gene. Let me turn the Gulf Coast first. I think what we're seeing with Maya prices and where they are today, we're more advantaged on medium sour crudes as opposed to Maya. So we're shifting some there. Also, the LLS is cheaper, much cheaper than foreign sweet. So some of our refineries like Houston can run those sweet -- would lighten up our barrel, our crude side a little bit there. I think the Maya will widen back out. There is competition, more Venezuelan crude coming on. There's still lots of barrels coming out of Columbia. So I think you'll reach more of an equilibrium, so we don't want to just completely go off of Maya and the crudes. But short-term, we just have the ability to flex a little bit. As far as the West Coast, Joe, do you...
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, I mean, I don't think that ANS is behaving any differently than the other crudes out there.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So it's reasonably indicative of kind of what should be realized?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. I mean, really, you go to -- the only crude that's out of step with the rest of the market is WTI. I mean, LLS, frankly, no. We're starting to see it move away from Brent, and you'll see that number. I mean, I guess LLS is $1.62 below Dated Brent today, which is a change from where it was last year. But it's weakening. And it's weakening because you're seeing more sweet barrels pushed into the Gulf Coast. And it goes to the thesis that I think Bill and Gene have shared with you guys in the past, that ultimately, domestic sweet crude pushing to the Gulf Coast is going to put pressure on LLS margin. It'll put pressure on foreign sweet pricing. And ultimately, you could see foreign sweet crudes completely backed out of the market. It'll be a benefit to the Gulf Coast refiners. I mean, we've run sweet crude at Meraux. We run sweet crude in Houston, as Gene said. And if you back the foreign sweets out of the Gulf, you're going to benefit Pembroke and Québec also as those prices come down.
William R. Klesse: So that's probably for a 4-year or 5-year conversation. But we would say, in the U.S. Gulf Coast, on what we see on the production and the capability to move the oil to the Gulf Coast, that the industry may push out all the sweet crude imports into the Gulf Coast, not the East Coast.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But would you think that would change your diet of Maya, I guess is what I'm saying, especially if Maya was supported on resid tightness?
William R. Klesse: Well, I think Gene told you today, we're better off running a medium sours out of our plants than the heavy sours. So what that tells you is you're not going to build new coking today. And in some coker, there's not probably a lot of fun.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could slip in one last one if I could. I know you mentioned supporting other various pipelines. I mean, are you seeking nominations on Seaway, I mean, to commit to a potentially advantaged crude source?
William R. Klesse: I think on that one, we probably -- we will decline to answer, except go back to what Joe said earlier. We want the heavy crude to the Gulf Coast. And so we're very public on Keystone, but he also said that we're, in a way, talking to all of these companies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick ones, if I could. Aruba, cash positive in the fourth quarter?
William R. Klesse: Absolutely no.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: That was at a negative? I'm sorry, I didn't catch it.
William R. Klesse: Yes -- no, we're not cash positive. We're not.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Could you update us a little bit on the Eagle Ford crude takes at Corpus and Three Rivers in the fourth quarter and where you expect to be in the first?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, Mark. This is Joe. We ran about 60 in the quarter. We're running 80 today. And we expect by the end of the second quarter, we'll be running 100.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Joe, how does that split up between the 2 plants?
Joseph W. Gorder: I mean, the bulk of it and certainly in the fourth quarter, I would tell you, 55 of the 60 went to Three Rivers. I think we're going to -- and I don't have it specifically, Mark, but I think we're going to be running 30 of the 80 in Corpus today. And then about that same range in the first quarter.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. The 100 that you mentioned at end of first quarter or second?
Joseph W. Gorder: It'll be during the second quarter.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Any specific plans in place for diesel yield enhancement at Pembroke?
Lane Riggs: Mark, this is Lane. We're currently looking at different ways to reoptimize their FCC catalyst and trying to get to a more distillate selective for riser conditions with catalysts. And obviously, we're looking at their distillations, make sure the right molecule is in the right place. We don't have a project per se right now lined up to increase their diesel production up.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm a little bit confused as to what Mike's $200 million number represented in discussing the long-haul crude. Is that pretax, after-tax? Does that encompass what I believe would've been a very negative crude oil impact in the mid-con? And if you could identify roughly what that might have been in the fourth quarter, I'd appreciate it.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. What that does represent, it's a pretax number. And in the volumes, I don't think I can disclose due to...
William R. Klesse: It's a pretax number, and it is -- the question was that we answered on the long-haul crudes, which basically are the crudes that we had exposed to WTI as we set our differentials and locked those crudes in. That is $200 million. Now the other piece you're asking is yes, this negatively impacted our performance when it went from $25 to $10 at Mckee and Ardmore for sure. And we still made money at those refineries, but now we have a $10 diff instead of a $25 diff. And so with the volumes we run at those plants, the difference between in a way $25 down to $10 is about another $200 million. But we were still profitable at those refineries. Obviously, there's a $10 advantage.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That $200 million, Bill, that you just mentioned, that's also a pretax number I assume?
William R. Klesse: Yes. We're giving you everything, Mark, in operating profit.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just one more real quick one because I got to jump, the decision to participate in both cellulosic ethanol as well as biodiesel, it sounds to me as if you're willing to put a reasonable amount of money on the table here.
William R. Klesse: If I can answer you, Mark, we think that in the United States, we are going to have the continuation of the mandates to use it. So we have this renewable volume obligation. And when you look at it, is a large number for us. And even though we manage these in the sense of profit centers, when you look at the overall company, we want to control some of our destinies. Now even if we have a new Congress or whatever, we still think those mandates are going to continue. So the answer is last year, for rents, we spent, how much?
Joseph W. Gorder: $155.
William R. Klesse: $155 million for rent. Does that include the diesel rents?
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes.
William R. Klesse: So that our total. We spent $155 million buying rents. Our estimate for this year is nearly 2x that for rents when you count diesel and cellulosic and regular. So yes, your answer is right. We think it's part of the fuel mix. And we have a good project on biodiesel, or renewable diesel. We have a good partner. So we're going to run that like a refining project. And the Ken Ross project that's been announced with wood we think is a good opportunity to get our toe in.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So back on the crude hedging loss in the fourth quarter, I'm assuming that you had also a pretty sizable hedging gain then in the first quarter to the third quarter of last year. Mike, could you quantify what those gains might've been?
William R. Klesse: So your question is because we're -- I'm asking you -- because we're buying crude, that we set the differentials against WTI then we benefited just like every other Mid-Continent refiner on that. Is that your question?
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Yes, yes. I'm assuming that you use NYMEX TI contracts to hedge long-haul. So when the spread blew out from $3 to $28 in the first 3 quarters, I'm assuming there was a hedging gain in the first 3 quarters then.
William R. Klesse: All right. So there was. So we're going to answer you for the long haul barrels, okay. Mike?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, yes. That should be -- I mean, that number is estimated to be a little bit over $700 million benefit.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: And Mike, do you have that broken out by quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski: I do. It's roughly about $250 million in the first quarter; $210 million, second; $250 million, third.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. And on all these contracts, is there a particular region that's hitting? Is it all in the Gulf Coast? Or is it spread out between West Coast and Gulf?
Joseph W. Gorder: I mean, our volume is so skewed to the Gulf. That's where you're going to have the biggest effect.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: And then, Mike, in 2012 here, your debt maturities, do you just have the one 6 7/8% notes coming due?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Right. Well, that's correct. We have $750 million that comes due in April. And then if you look at our balance sheet when you see it, it'll show $250 million of current maturities associated with our AR program. But that renews annually, and we anticipate renewing that.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Right. Okay, then in the fourth quarter, do you have -- what sort of working capital impact did you have on free cash flow?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Actually, we had about -- it's about a $700 million requirement, cash requirement associated with working capital. So what makes that up is our receivables, payables net increase. That was about a little over $300 million. We had an increase in our income tax receivable of about $200 million. And then we also had some prepayments on crude. It's more of a timing deal from January to December. And that was another roughly $200 million.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. Do these items reverse out here in the first quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski: I'm not exactly sure the timing on the income tax receivable. I mean, on the payables, the receivables payables net, I'm not -- that should reverse over time, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Garcia from Raymond James.
Cory J. Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: One quick question out of me, sort of switching up the export angle a bit. Are you guys sending any gasoline or diesel off California coast? And maybe quickly, your views on the West Coast export trend?
Joseph W. Gorder: We are not. And my views on the export trend, you got a view on West Coast?
William R. Klesse: Well, we think that there eventually could be an opportunity there. We need to have that capability. That's one reason we're working our cost structure so that we can compete. And that would be into the West Coast of South America. Might have a freight advantage of not going through the Panama Canal. And also, there's action going on, on refining capacity in Hawaii, as you know. But we haven't done anything as of yet, but we're looking at this type of optionality because we believe a key part for all refiners in the United States is having the ability to export.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harry Mateer from Barclays Capital.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a quick one. Given the rate of spending this year, you do have a $750 million maturity coming up in April. Can you just tell us what your plans are with respect to that?
William R. Klesse: Well, as of right now, we will go ahead and redeem that. But we're actually looking at how our cash flow goes for the next month or 2 from operations. And our projects look like they're on budget and on time. And so we'll make a decision here in February, latter part of February, on how we're going to address that, whether we're just going to redeem it, or whether we'll need to issue something. That's a foreign item for us, so we'll go back to our board and explain to our board how we're going to do it.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thank you, John, and thank you for listening to our call. If you have any further questions, please contact the Investor Relations department.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Ashley M. Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations S. Eugene Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation Reports Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thank you, John. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call.  With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, Executive Vice President.  If you have not received the earnings call -- the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segment. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call, that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported that third quarter 2011 net income from continuing operations of $1.2 billion or $2.11 per share, compared to $0.53 per share in the third quarter of 2010.  Our third quarter 2011 operating income was $2 billion versus operating income of $590 million in the third quarter of 2010. The third quarter refining throughput margins was $13.24 per barrel, which is a 63% increase over the third quarter of 2010. The increase in throughput margins over the third quarter of 2010 was due to higher margins for diesel, jet fuel and gasoline, plus wider discounts for heavy-sour crude oil, residual feedstocks and light-sweet crude oils in the Mid-Continent and in South Texas. In the third quarter of 2011, the Gulf Coast gasoline margins per barrel versus LLS increased 89% to $8.20 from $4.35 in the third quarter of '10. The Gulf Coast ULSD versus LLS margins per barrel increased 56% from $9.12 in the third quarter of '10 to $14.19 per barrel in the third quarter of 2011.  So far, in the fourth quarter, Gulf Coast margins have moved lower, averaging around $1 per barrel for gasoline at nearly $13 per barrel for ULSD.  The Maya heavy-sour crude oil discounts versus LLS increased to 22% from $11 in the third quarter of '10 to $13.48 per barrel in the third quarter of '11. The Maya discount has narrowed some in the fourth quarter with the average down to around $12 per barrel. These discounts are important in our Gulf Coast region where we have significant capacity to process heavy-sour crude oils. Another benefit for Valero came from Mid-Continent in Eagle Ford crudes pricing at a substantial discount to LLS.  Over the last year, the WTI discount to LLS has increased by merely $20 per barrel, from $2.58 in the third quarter of '10 to $22.47 in the third quarter of '11. The WTI discount significantly enhanced the profitability of our McKee and Ardmore refineries, both of which process WTI or cheaper crude oils.  The fourth quarter WTI discount to LLS has averaged around $25 per barrel, but recently, the spread has narrow in yesterday closed at less than $19 per barrel. We also continued to increase the use of the discounted Eagle Ford crude in our system.  During the third quarter, we processed an average of 46,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford, primarily at Three Rivers, but also some at Corpus Christi. That is an increase of 9,000 barrels per day over the second quarter and an increase of more than 40,000 barrels per day since 2010. This local crude replaced more expensive imported sweet crudes saving Three Rivers and Corpus around $15 per barrel in the third quarter.  We also took delivery and ran discounted sweet crudes from the strategic petroleum reserve in the third quarter. Valero purchased 6.9 million barrels at a discount of over $5 per barrel to LLS providing $35 million in additional refinery throughput margin in the third quarter.  At our Aruba Refinery, operational improvements combined with better commodity prices resulted in Aruba generating an operating profit this quarter.  In the North Atlantic region, we had a smooth transition with the addition of U.K. and Ireland businesses, including the Pembroke refinery. The refinery has run well and we continue to integrate the businesses into our operations. On the West Coast, our throughput margins versus benchmark fracs performed well, mainly on wider crude discounts and increasingly huge of such crudes.  In addition, operational improvements at our West Coast refineries helped to enhance our liquid volume yields. One final comment on refining margins is that international demand, particularly in the developing markets, has been the key driver for growth in 2011 and helped to elevate the margins to the levels we have seen so far this year. Our cost efficient refining portfolio will continue to take advantage of both domestic and international opportunities available in the marketplace.  Our third quarter 2011 refinery throughput volume averaged to 2.6 million barrels per day, up 389,000 barrels per day from the third quarter of '10. The increase in throughput volumes was due to a combination of economic incentive from stronger margins, the addition of capacity from the acquisition of the Pembroke refinery on August 1 and the restart of operations at the Aruba refinery.  Refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2011 were $3.65 per barrel, which was lower than the second quarter of 2011 and our guidance, mainly due to high throughput volumes. Our Ethanol segment reported record-setting quarterly earnings with a $107 million in operating income in the third quarter, which was up $60 million from the third quarter of 2010 and up $43 million from the second quarter of this year on higher gross margins.  Our Retail segment reported a solid third quarter with $97 million of operating income. U.S. Retail had $59 million of operating income in the quarter and the Canadian retail operation earned $38 million of operating income.  In the third quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $161 million; depreciation and amortization expense was $390 million; net interest expense was $88 million; and the effective tax rate on continuing operations in the third quarter was 36.4%. Regarding cash flows in the third quarter, capital spending was $684 million, which includes $69 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. Also in the third quarter, we paid a $28 million in dividends and $268 million to purchase 13.5 million shares of our common stock, or 2% of outstanding shares.  We also spent $1.6 billion to acquire the Pembroke refinery and related to marketing assets, which included approximately $900 million for working capital and other assets. With respect to our balance sheet, at the end of September, total debt was $7.6 billion, cash was $2.8 billion and our debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash, was 22.4%.  At the end of the third quarter, we also had over $4 billion of additional liquidity available. And as referenced in the release on October 1, we acquired the Meraux Refinery and related logistics assets for $586 million in cash. This payment included approximately $260 million for a preliminary estimate of inventories and other assets. And we do expect to receive in the fourth quarter a favorable true up adjustment that will reduce our price by approximately $40 million. Our completed growth projects are beginning to add to our earnings power. We realized the benefits from our St. Charles FCC revamp project during the third quarter, its first full quarter of operation. These benefits included improved liquid volume yield, lower energy costs, lower catalyst costs and reliability benefits.  Using third quarter 2011 prices, we estimate the annualized EBITDA benefit from this project is approximately $150 million. Our remaining growth projects remain on budget and on time to complete in 2012 and we expect these projects to generate significant earnings and cash flow growth when started up. The hydrogen plants at Memphis and McKee should be completed by the end of 2011. Our 2 hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles are set to finish in the second half of 2012, along with the Montréal products pipeline and the Diamond Green Diesel joint venture.  Most of the product -- projects were designed to capitalize on high crude oil and low natural gas prices while producing diesel and gasoline to meet the growing global demand. In summary, we had an excellent third quarter. We took the opportunity to return cash to our shareholders via stock buybacks. And last week, our Board of Directors tripled our quarterly dividend rate to $0.15 per share. These decisions are result of our strong financial performance, favorable industry conditions and a significant contribution that we expect from our major growth projects that are scheduled for completion next year. Regarding strategic activities, we added another quality asset to our portfolio, and then further improved our earnings power with the acquisition of the Meraux Refinery. This is a flexible high-quality asset with the distillate focus conversion capacity, including a 34,000-barrel per day hydrocracker.  This first quartile refinery fits well into our Gulf Coast system and has excellent potential for synergies with our nearby St. Charles refinery.  We have also restarted a formal process to seek strategic alternatives for our Aruba Refinery.  In conclusion, the significant contributions expected from our major growth projects, which are independent of the WTI priced crude discounts, selective strategic acquisitions that improve earnings power, our strong financial position and our investment grade credit rating provide an excellent combination for future earnings and cash flow growth. Now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thanks, Mike. For modeling our fourth quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf coast should be somewhere between 1.52 million to 1.56 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; the West Coast at 270,000 to 280,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter.  Refining cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel in the fourth quarter. Regarding our ethanol operations, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.4 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including $0.04 per gallon in non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the fourth quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million; net interest expense should be around $85 million; total depreciation and amortization expense to be around $390 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 36%. We'll now open the call for questions. John?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Mike, you mentioned something just a second ago about -- it's about the strategic review process at Aruba entail[ph]. I may have misunderstood, but I want to say if we could get a clarification on what you said and also what you meant by that statement or that point?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, we have started a process of looking for a strategic alternatives for our Aruba Refinery.
William R. Klesse: Yes, if I can add to this, Doug, our operations have improved a lot. Our people are doing a fine job. We have several excellent reduction -- cost reduction efforts under way. For Valero, we used it, really as we're looking at the refinery going forward as a feedstock source to our big conversion operations along in our large conversion operations along the Gulf coast. So in a way, it's a front end for us. We're looking at some reconfiguration as to where we actually do hydro-treating. But the facts are, we're still very interested in finding a partner or some relationship that allows us to process very sour, heavy crude or high-TAN crude, which the refinery can do.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Bill, you've been a leader for the industry on a regulatory front over the last several years and over the past, or maybe longer than that, but over the past several months, there have been some commentary on new rules for U.S. gasoline for 2012, which I believe they're calling Tier III and resembled those in California, but for the entire United States. And so my question, do you have any insight into these new roles? Specifically, whether this movement appears to be significant? And what if any implications there might be for Valero?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if I have any insight, but what's going on is under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, there is a certain protocol passed by and the Clean Air Act was passed by congress. And so the EPA and when it looks at ethanol being added to fuels and other -- primarily, ethanol reflected then and vapor pressure and the emissions, feels like they need to drop the sulfur to honor the commitment of the Clean Air Act and drop it to 10 ppm average, but it's under debate still. Well, the whole issue is, but the ceiling as to whether it's going to be a 30 ppm max or an 80 ppm max. Today, we have an 80 ppm max, 30 ppm average and then Tier III, you'll have different numbers. So it's all being discussed. Our industry is against it. It will raise the cost for the consumer, and we think it is an extremely marginal benefit for the -- if any benefit at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a number of quick questions. Mike, can you give me what is the working capital, the market value of the inventory in excess of the book? And that all of the total debt, what's the long-term debt in the component?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, sure. Total current assets are $15.9 billion, total current liability is $11.7 billion. Market value in excess of LIFO value is $7.1 billion. Our long-term debt and capital leases is $7.6 billion.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that $15.9 billion current asset, I assume that's including cash, right?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Includes $2.8 billion of cash, yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that, Mike, in your result, is there any trading gain or loss? And also that do you have any future hedging position?
Michael S. Ciskowski: The trading gain in the third quarter was very minimal, it's about $3 million.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Any hedging position that for the next several months?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No material positions.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Bill, maybe you -- can you share with us what is the major turnaround you guys going to do in the first half of next year?
William R. Klesse: I'm going to let Lane Riggs answer you.
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane Riggs. Our major turnarounds are in Wilmington, on the West Coast. It's accrued that coker net at the hydro trigger since bureaus officially have the refinery. St. Charles in February, which is the crude coker diesel hydro trigger, also low properties on SRE, so again, similar type turnaround, excluding the SEC. At the Houston, we have an SDC Alki in February. And finally, we have -- some March, we have Memphis, which is prudent diesel hydro trigger turnaround.
William R. Klesse: Let me add to this. The February 1 at St. Charles is a huge turnaround for us. We're going to replace the coke drums. Many of you that follow us know, we've had this coke drum issue at Port Arthur and at St. Charles, and -- which was an engineering design and what we are doing is replacing the coke drums we did at Port Arthur this year and next year, we're going to do it at St. Charles. To do this lift at St. Charles, extends this turnaround -- I think, we released it this morning and at 70 days. But it's a very large turnaround for us at St. Charles. But that will then put these issues we've had with the cokers, except for some vapor lines behind us.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Perfect. And that for Wilmington and Houston, how many days are we talking about?
Lane Riggs: On Wilmington, it's about 20 -- a month. And Memphis is also about a month.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Memphis is also month, and how about Houston?
Lane Riggs: It's 37 days.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, Houston is 37 days. Mike, will you be able to share with us how much you make in Europe for the 2 months that end the quarter?
William R. Klesse: Let me just finish in the turnarounds. We announced that this morning and so the release went out as to our turnarounds in the schedule.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, if you're interested in looking for details on this turnarounds and the timing, you can find those on our website.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Perfect. Mike, will you be able to share with us that how much you make in Europe for the 2 months you own in the quarter?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. We made a little over $53 million in the first 2 months.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then a final one, Bill. For the M&A market, can you share with us what you are seeing? Is the pricing condition in terms of acquiring us at the pricing condition become better or become worse over the next last several months for you guys? Or what you can see out there?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if I can speak to the pricing conditions. But there's certainly several refineries for sale. We believe we bought the 2 refineries we purchased here recently at very, very good numbers. They fit into our portfolio, strategically too. We wanted to step out some, so if we could done that. When you look at where Valero trades relative to what we purchased in these refineries, we actually paid for -- purchased them for less than what we trade. Obviously, there's quite a few assets on the market. And then just to anticipate the next question, because I can't speak to the pricing except that I've said a couple of times it's a buyers market. And it continues to be that way, it's a general statement. But in Valero's particular case, we're only interested in acquisitions that fits us strategically and that is accretive and has to be both, if it's not fitting us strategically, we're not interested. And there is no case I can think of that we would issue any equity on any situation that's out there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And you guys already did a little bit of the share buyback in the third quarter. In terms of the cash you generate, the free cash, over the next several quarters, are you going to become more aggressive in your share buyback given how cheap the stock may be?
William R. Klesse: Well, I think, as you look at us, which is a general cash question, in the volatility we see in the markets today, we will hold more cash than we would have historically. And I've said that, consistently. But when you have crude oil price move $5 to $8 in about a 3-day span, we just think you have to do that today. Now, what is happening with us is obviously, we're having much better financial performance this year. We think many of the things that contributed to this year's financial performance are going to continue next year. And so we're anticipating a good year next year as well. And then we have a very high capital spending. But those strategic projects are coming to an end, and we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. So when you begin to combine our performance, our cash balances, that our strategic projects will be completed, some as -- Mike said right now, some the big hydrocrackers next year. Clearly, we have more cash available. And then, you take the next step and we've demonstrated it here just in this quarter, and going into the fourth, we expect to pay one of the highest dividends among our peer group going forward. We will buy our stock periodically, especially as we think the stock is undervalued. And we, as management, clearly, think our stock is undervalued. As a little side issue or a side comment, the reliance discussion, this rumor that was out there, one of the benefits has been to point out to the investment community, the earnings power of our portfolio and our company. So that was actually a benefit here of a rumor, but we have lots of earnings power. Our projects are coming to an end, and we think our stock is terribly undervalued.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Faisel from Citi. Just back to the Aruba statement. If you can't find a strategic partner or alternative for Aruba, what's the next option after that?
William R. Klesse: Well – this is Klesse. We continue to improve the operation. We have several things that would reduce our costs, but it is a very good front-end of our refinery that can run very, as I said, heavies and high-TAN crudes. And so we'll continue to improve the operation. And it will be then that refinery, when we run around 200,000 barrels a day makes about 70,000 barrels a day of BGO. And we'll charge that to our hydrocrackers that come on next year. So for us, we see improving its cost structure and using it as a front-end of our refinery. There's 200,000 barrels a day of crude, vacuum coking there that completes our operations.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I think I understand that. And then going to your Memphis and McKee hydrogen plans, I mean, as those come on line at the end of this year, what do we expect from kind of the uplift going into the first quarter of next year from those plants? What are they going to do to the performance of those 2 plants?
William R. Klesse: So they're completed by the end of the year and then we'll start them up in the first quarter and we have a table we'll give you and we're looking for it here. Ashley?
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, Faisel, it's -- depending on what's price deck you use. We've given pretty much every slide deck for the past nearly a year. We've given them -- example, economic based on different price decks. If you use 2010 pricing, it's an extra $105 million a year of EBITDA, it's when the '11 pricing includes in the 4 curves less a couple of months. It's $150 million of EBITDA and that's incremental. And it's basically because you're making your hydrogen out in natural gas instead of destroying the expensive oil to do so. So you'll see margin uplift and it will basically drop down to EBITDA.
William R. Klesse: And that table's been in the appendix of our handouts.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, our typical slide decks, which are publicly available to everyone and have been.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, I'll take a look at that. And more on the Ethanol segment that you performed pretty well in Ethanol despite crush spreads coming down over the quarter. What caused kind of margins to go up even though crush spreads kind of came in?
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, the crush spread isn't necessarily will tell you how to get to EBITDA because our margins are a little bit different because of distillerates [ph] and some by-products you make. We look at our average margin on an EBITDA basis to being about $0.35 a gallon over the quarter -- for the entire quarter. I think if you just look at the financial -- I mean, the markers with corn, ethanol and source rate, it would've been more like $0.30, but I think if corn prices dropped, we got a little bit of extra benefit there just on our corn position. So that we made up if you look at the some of the gallons we made and the numbers that Mike told you earlier, it is right at $0.35 a gallon.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, and is the subsidy expires at the end of this year? I mean, what do you guys expect what kind of take place with your operations go into next year?
S. Eugene Edwards: Remember, Faisel, it's still mandated. We're blending ethanols in about 91% of the total U.S. gasoline right now. I think that's going to continue. Ethanol is trading above gasoline now for about probably the first time this year as it turns out, we're about $0.35 a gallon over gasoline. So the worst case I look at it right now is if you go back to comparing the gasoline, our current EBITDA on our plants is around $0.69 a gallon. So if we lost $0.35 of that, we'd still have a very positive margin. But like I said it's driven by a mandate so the supply demand exports have been strong into Brazil and to Europe as well, so that's supporting the price. I think it's the supply/demand says that all plants need to run right now, including some of the peripheral plants that don't have a good acorn logistics. So we think that we'll have a good margins at our plants because they're well situated on the corn supply. But right now, margins are just excellent, though.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, and last question for me as -- in theory, if Libya continues to ramp up, you guys have an outlook for the heavy light spreads going into next year?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think they're going to continue to be somewhat similar to this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: What I wanted to ask, what is the current authorization on the share repurchase program?
William R. Klesse: Okay, we have a Board approved program that is $3.46 billion of authorization.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, I wanted to ask about Pembroke. With so much capacity on the East Coast potentially at risk of closure, I guess, my general thought is that, that could be a direct benefit to Pembroke with the transatlantic arbitrage. Am I thinking about that correctly?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think you are. This is Gene. Obviously, the European barrels do float to the U.S. East Coast and having that capacity to shutdown is going to create opportunity. However, there is -- it's a whole Atlantic basin market in those, the marginal refineries are going to be under pressure just like they have been this year. So but it does give an advantage to well situated refineries in Europe. We think Pembroke is at that category.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great, and the last one for you. I know the growth projects was stated that they're all on budget and on time. As I look at kind of first call estimate in 2012 and 2013, it does not really seem like the street is reflecting the incremental call of $2 a share of incremental earnings in these projects. Is there anything in the macro that you see the data puts a risk that number? I mean are we still pretty much on track for an incremental $2 a share from all of these projects?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think the main factor is just with the crude in the $100 range for -- and the natural gas are in the $4 range. It gives these projects a good uplift because it's basically a gas to a liquids-type projects as far as the majority of the benefit. So just a crack is kind of a secondary compared to the volume lift you get from natural gas.
Operator: And our next question comes from Douglas Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A quick one fellows on Meraux. Can you just talk about exactly how you're operating that facility, how you plan to integrate it? And I guess really the -- are you trying to actually run the crude unit there or just use the upgrade units? I have a quick follow-up, please.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, this is Gene again. We're basically operating how Murphy was operating before, but we are starting to cash through some synergies, we're going to integrate it in with our feedstock supply, so we pick up some synergies there. We also -- the products, there are a lot of Murphy was using supply their Florida business, we're just using and optimizing our overall system. We find the high cetane of the diesel that's produced there of the hydrocracker, we'll find that some synergies are blending that with St. Charles diesel. Procurement side, I think we'll see some advantages on our purchasing power going forward. So in that affect we're kind of running it as is today, pretty much the way McKee did just on -- I'll take a constant synergy.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [indiscernible] I'll just try one quick one then. Are you planning to change the feedstock at Meraux in terms of -- you've talked about Three Rivers and Eagle Ford and so on. Is there anything you can do to actually change the feedstock there? and how do you get it back?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, right now, we can run medium-sour crude. It runs about 1/3 of sweet crudes, which -- well, we always try to optimize that based on where the light-sweet spreads are. We can go to sour to sweeten up even more if the economic say so. Right now, we're pretty much in this 2/3 sour, 1/3 sweet still.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things, if I could. Hey, Mike, did you book any goodwill on the Pembroke deal?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, we did not.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: And the $56 to the -- excuse me, the $53 million that you quoted previously in terms of the contribution in the quarter, I assume that, that's an operating profit number?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, operating income. Operating profit after DD&A.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. How much of that buyback authorization is remaining?
Michael S. Ciskowski: The number that I gave you, the 3.46 is what's remaining. And then in addition to that, we can purchase dilution under our benefit plans.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just one more for me, make reference to discounted West Coast crude feedstocks, San Joaquin, Canadian Light, both fuel, more specifically if you could, please.
William R. Klesse: Yes, it's difficult rates we run out there. It's SJV, KLM, some South American grades like Oriente, Napo, Castilla, all those things actually kept -- had better pricing versus ANS. Versus ANS is the key there, Mark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I know ANS is out of the market, all those other crudes seem to be in the market, so is it really discounted?
William R. Klesse: Well, I mean, if you compare to ANS, yes. It depends on what your benchmark is.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, just let me speak one more. Byproduct benefits in the ethanol side in terms of the grains, seems like they're very substantial, can you help, over and above what Gene had to say a few minutes ago?
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, the sellers grain do you get about -- only about 2/3 of your corn is converted, about 1/3 of it ends up at still storage grain and that has been a pretty strong market. So I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but that's the primary byproducts you're producing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rakesh Advani from Credit Suisse.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question on Meraux, you guys have a put out in what kind of EBITDA contribution you think will come from that facility?
Ashley M. Smith: We have not yet, Rakesh. We have not disclosed it to historical financials.
William R. Klesse: So we closed October 1, so probably that's a question for the first quarter.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just for the 2 hydrocracker projects that are coming onstream next year, can you guys talk about how much disruption there'll be to tie in the 2 projects into your existing facilities? Which kind of quarters will it take place in?
William R. Klesse: Okay. The Port Arthur hydrocracker will be finished midyear. So we're saying third quarter would start up, then third, fourth quarter. And the St. Charles hydrocracker will be finished by year end, would start up then occurring then, and then in the first quarter.
Rakesh Advani - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So then like should we -- how many days would we assume for the facility to go down or to tie them in? Would it be like -- should we use fiscal over like 30 days or something like that?
William R. Klesse: We will not go down to tie up time in. Everything will be where ever we have tie-ins, valves are hanger [ph] at things your hot, where ever there are tie-ins. Now if you're asking how long a start-up, these are huge projects, so 2 weeks to 1 month.
Ashley M. Smith: That's the base operations are generally going to be unaffected, not like take your big turnaround or something. It will just -- it will be incremental.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacques Rousseau from RBC.
Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just wanted to ask you on, if I heard correctly, the guidance for the Midwest volumes for the quarter? I believe you said 430 to 440?
Michael S. Ciskowski: That is correct.
Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So just curious that looked like a high number. Probably the highest quarter since you have since 2008. I guess, if you could give a little color on what's improved there?
Michael S. Ciskowski: It's still economic infinite to run, but also the last couple of quarters have either had turnarounds or other unseen outages like Memphis had some issues in the third quarter. It probably would've been up around that level, and that was the original guidance range until Memphis had justify a bit affected the crude, I believe. It's -- otherwise, it's what we would have expected.
Jacques H. Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. So outside of the maintenance that you've talked about, this is probably a normal run rate going forward?
Michael S. Ciskowski: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Dietert from Simmons & Company.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: I was wondering if you -- you mentioned the startup of Pembroke and gave some contributions for the quarter. Could you talk about operations there, if there's anything that's surprised you? Anything that you're dealing differently than the way you perceived Chevron from operating the plant? I think many majors focus on maximizing throughput as far -- rather than maximizing profitability. Any comparisons you can make there?
William R. Klesse: I think that we will put our own spin into the plant. We're profit focused. We're in this business to make money. But as far as the statement of we run different than Chevron, for instance, Chevron's a very well-run company. So I would tell you just, hey, you're going to see our spin because we intend to make money.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. Any discussion on exports? I know when we look at the DOE statistics, both gasoline and diesel exports were a record in the most recent month. You're continuing to see gasoline and diesel exports increase what those volumes look like in 3Q and are there any constraints to your ability to export both products?
William R. Klesse: Well, we see the export market continuing to be very strong and Ashley is going to give you some numbers here.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, in the third quarter, we were up a little bit for gasoline versus prior quarters, up around 75,000 to 80,000 barrels a day, and on diesel side, it was again up from the second quarter up to about 165,000 barrels a day of diesel exports. And the gas has been going where it has been going, pretty much south of the border to Mexico or other parts of Latin America. The diesel has been going to split between Europe and Latin America.
S. Eugene Edwards: Jeff, this is Gene. Obviously, those are Valero's export numbers, the industry numbers are about 900,000 barrels a day, diesel are in about 500,000 barrels a day of gasoline, if you look at the DOE numbers.
Jeffrey A. Dietert - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Any restrictions in your ability to export more if the market demands there?
S. Eugene Edwards: No, like I mentioned earlier. We're finding some synergies with Meraux and St. Charles, which typically the past did not export European grade, but by putting those streams together, we're finding out we can make any EN590 or European specs, so we're looking to see what we can do there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: We put a note earlier this week just showing how tight PAD one markets are. Can you talk a bit about that from your point of view and I'm thinking Pembroke, I'm thinking Colonial, and I'm thinking any other potential you have for going off that market and the analysis we are running was before we had this analysis, so I guess it's -- I assume you'd agree that the market looks extremely tight?
William R. Klesse: I think, Paul, we don't understand your question. I think we missed a word that must've been missed in a sense.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I'll just say the whole thing again?
William R. Klesse: Yes, say it if you like. We must've missed the word.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, it's perfect. Perfect question, honestly -- asking, I should say. Okay, so let's start again. PAD one markets we've analyzed earlier this week, look very tight, northeast distillate markets particularly. And I wondered if you generally agreed with that and to the extent they are tight and to the extent that weather is likely to increase that tightness. I was wondering how from your point of view you can address that, that I'm thinking about the colonial pipeline, I'm thinking about Pembroke and any other access you have if you like to that particular area?
William R. Klesse: Okay, thanks. What we missed was the PAD one.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that was an important but I apologize.
William R. Klesse: It's okay. Gene?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, the PAD one is tied on distillate, but if you look at the Continental Europe, it's also very tight so I think you're going to continue to see the exports from the Gulf Coast go on to Europe. And PAD one just put inventories, yes, they're existing well below their 5-year average and well below last year. So it was the refinery that's been recently shut down there, I think that market's going to be tight, which is going to require high to fairly high utilization rates throughout the weather to supply that market. So I think it's going to be a pretty strong market for distillates going forward.
William R. Klesse: And volume will be shipped in as well as going to Europe, but -- and then the East Coast.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, so you can ship it for -- obviously from the Gulf to the East Coast because I'm assuming that pipeline capacity is limited from moving it in the other way?
William R. Klesse: Yes, I am sure, Colonial will go under pro-ratio.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right, and so they're not going to expect the guesses likely to be higher at distillates margins on the Gulf coast as well?
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, the whole Atlantic basin market, like I said with the Europe tied and the East Coast tied, I think there's going to be a demand from Gulf Coast barrels to go rebook those markets.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. On -- just on the -- so that's a buyback. Are you stressing 20 as kind of a flow blow, which you buy back stock? Or are you thinking that you’re going to -- or you mentioned that the stock is undervalued and your opinion, is it just being the 20 flow recently and one that you may think about raising if you like, under which you'll buy stock?
William R. Klesse: I'm not really looking at it that way. It's much more opportunistic, but we did by 13.5 million shares below 20. And we manage our cash, so it's the whole balance.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, okay so we can hope for more buyback going forward regardless of the stock price being above 20.
William R. Klesse: Clearly, we think our stock is undervalued.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: I want to go back out to the West Coast, that was a pretty good results on realized margins given where the crack spread trend ended in this quarter. Was the improvement really just on the differentials you talked about earlier? Did you change up the crudes later at all during the quarter? And Mike, you also mentioned the liquid volume yield improvements, were there operational improvement that you undertook at the plants out there as well?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. Operationally, we just came out of a term in our Benicia. So it's performance in terms of liquid volumes are improved versus prior to turnaround, but crude selection is essentially unchanged. We haven't really changed what we're running on the West Coast. It's the same crude value.
William R. Klesse: But we operated better.
Lane Riggs: Right.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. California recently finalized their cap and trade rigs. Have you had the chance to take into the details and how you thinking about managing that program going forward?
William R. Klesse: Well, you can rest assured we've dug into it. We have a very good strategic position on the West Coast. We have very good operations. However, we think state policy, AB32, other fiscal policies, regulations, continue to adversely affect the economy. They adversely affect jobs. They have adversely affected consumer. We think all these policies seem to turn their back on the negative economic impacts. We are hopeful that the voters which consumers will eventually realize that these policies are economically ruining the state. AB32 was of 12-page bill. CARB has now spent over $100 million trying to develop regulations in 5 years. It is a going along policy. The people of California are going to pay. And as to us, we're looking at our options.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So do I take that as meaning that your -- the long-term viability is potentially in question on operating refineries in that state?
William R. Klesse: We're looking at our options.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. got it. Okay, great. One other question on the Eagle Ford. We've noticed recently that the markers that we track, the pricing on the Eagle Ford crude has changed dramatically in mid-October, it's moved to pricing off a Brent versus previously of WTI. Have you seen this pricing dynamic in the market? And if so, has that impacted your decisions on crude slate down there?
S. Eugene Edwards: This is Gene. I think if you look at Eagle Ford where prices erode at Brent if it's already on the water area where it could be delivered and compete with the foreign barrel with prices there. I think in the field, it's still pricing and the discounts. It's not at WTI, but still much less than Brent.
Ashley M. Smith: Chi, it's going to depend, I guess, the margin barrel that's on the water, of course, it's probably going to price like Brent at this point. But if you're in a field, or if you have a refinery on the field and you've cut deals then you get different pricing, and that's how things work.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So you're talking about Three Rivers versus corporates then, is that the difference?
Ashley M. Smith: Absolutely.
William R. Klesse: But clearly your observation is correct. Take away capacities being built in Eagle Ford, the crude is able to -- more of it is moving to the market. We have raised our postings in order to keep it in the area, but it's still discounted relative to the other crudes. An so, it's still -- we still think Three Rivers and the volume we're going to run at Corpus are going to be very economic crudes bars. And remember, we used to run all foreign crude at Three Rivers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Global Hunter.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I don't think you've ever done this before, but can you break out Memphis from the Mid-Con group or give like some maybe an assumption of what the Mid-Con realized margin was x that Memphis portion?
Ashley M. Smith: We haven't and we really don't plan to, Sam.
Sam Margolin - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. Okay. Well, in that vein, on the last quarter's call you gave some indication that you were thinking about maybe a big capital project at McKee, an expansion or something on that order. Is there any progress with that line of thought or still in the evaluative?
William R. Klesse: Yes, we -- Sam, we have a project. We've engineered at McKee. It's less than $100 million project, but it does let us run more oil. It's a little bit over the same lines that Ashley talked about, the Eagle Ford crude where the refinery is in the field. We're seeing more and more crude discovered and available to the McKee refinery. So we have a project that would let us do that and right now, we're anticipating doing that project. However, it takes 18 months to 24 months to get a permit. We're just about to file our permit application or have filed our permit application. So depending on how long that takes, which is 1.5 years, and then some construction period after that. But the McKee refinery sits right there in the Panhandle we're seeing more crude and this is just a little de-bottlenecking, as I said. It's less than $100 million project.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I don't think you'll going to extend the desolate tightness commentary into China beyond PAD one and Europe. My question is -- it's a follow-up on Aruba and if other than strategic partnerships on heavy-sour crude -- I mean, is it possible you could find a cheaper fuel source instead of burning, I think it's 14% of crude there? I mean is floating rig gas, FSRUs, is that -- is there anything you guys explored?
William R. Klesse: Yes. We are working a project in conjunction with the government of Aruba in order to bring an LNG. And that project it's been under -- we've been working on it for many months and we're down into the -- where we're getting solicitations on supply right now. And the engineering is largely done. And yes, it has a very favorable economics, both for our refinery, including reliability. And it also is very favorable to the people of Aruba because of their power costs. So exactly correct, and we are working that project. And then on top of that, a little longer-term, I believe it's Repsol is looking as spudding a well there because they believe they're going to find natural gas there as well in the water. So there's many things changing actually all over the world on the CNP side.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's great. That's good news. And other question if I could just lastly the line 9 reversal is announced to Umbridge Analyst Meeting. Do you expect down the road you could get a lift in Québec and how do you think about that or any partnership to move crude into that market to benefit that refinery?
William R. Klesse: Yes. We're interested in the line 9 reversal and obviously so is Petro Canada and others. But that only takes the crude oil to Montréal then you have to add some agreement to get it over to Portland. But yes, depends on the differentials between WTI and Brent now, in this case, but yes, we would think it would give us some advantage if we could get that crude.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Bill, I know you've covered the share repurchases, but just one final question on it. Is there a specific goal or target for the number of shares you're hoping to retire?
William R. Klesse: No, there is not.
Operator: Our last question is from Allen Good from MorningStar.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if I can get your current thoughts on your appetite for acquisitions. Or should we take the endue increase, share repurchases and willingness to hold a high cash balance sort of similar to what you've done with acquisitions right now?
William R. Klesse: Well, I thought I was addressing it, but we're still -- we're a refining company. We also have a marketing operation, Ethanol business and some of the assets are available for our numbers that are attractive. So if it's strategic, if it's accretive, Valero is still interested or is going to look. The last 2 acquisitions that we have done, we purchased for less than where Valero is trading. So we think we can add value. But on the other hand, we're extremely selective and I've said there's no intent whatsoever of issuing equity.
Allen Good - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Is Europe still an area of interest or is it just sort of a broad geographic area that you're looking at?
William R. Klesse: Yes, Europe is still of interest. We've been very public in the fact that we now have established a position there, at least in the U.K. We have said there's a refinery nearby that Valero would be interested in. And -- but otherwise, we're not working on anything in Europe.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thanks, John. I just want to thank investors for listening to today's call. If you have any questions, please contact me or Matt in the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jean Bernier - Executive Vice President of Corporate Communications, Information Services and Supply Chain Management Michael Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Clay Killinger - Senior Vice President and Controller Joseph Gorder - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply S. Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations William Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ashley Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Paul Cheng Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Cory Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thank you, John, and good morning and welcome to Valero Energy's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, our Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, EVP and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, EVP and President of Ultramar. If you have not received our earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions about reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that can cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported second quarter 2011 net income attributable to Valero's stockholders from continuing operations of $745 million or $1.30 per share. Our second quarter 2011 operating income was $1.3 billion versus operating income of $904 million in the second quarter of 2010. The second quarter refining throughput margin was $11.41 per barrel, which is an increase of $1.84 per barrel over the second quarter of '10 and our highest second quarter margin in nearly 3 years. The increase in throughput margins compared to the second quarter of '10 was due to higher margins for gasoline and diesel, plus wider discounts for heavy-sour crude oils on the Gulf Coast and light-sweet crude oils in the Mid-Continent.  One of the drivers of our year-over-year gain in throughput margin was the increase in gasoline and diesel margins. For example, the Gulf Coast gasoline margin per barrel versus LLS increased to 29% from $7.97 in the second quarter of '10 to $10.26 in the second quarter of '11. Looking at the Gulf Coast ULSD versus LLS, margins per barrel increased 16% from $9.88 in the second quarter of 2010 to $11.49 in the second quarter of 2011. So far in the third quarter, margins have moved significantly higher to average around $13 per barrel for gasoline and $16.50 per barrel for ULSD.  Another driver for our margin gain over last year was crude oil discounts. The Maya heavy-sour crude oil discount versus LLS increased to 21% from $12 in the second quarter of 2010 to $14.58 per barrel in the second quarter of 2011. The Maya discount has narrowed some in the third quarter with the July average down to around $12 per barrel. An additional benefit for Valero came from WTI-type and Eagle Ford crudes pricing at a substantial discount to LLS. The WTI discount to LLS increased more than $13 per barrel from $2.26 in the second quarter of 2010 to $15.47 in the second quarter of 2011. The discount helped our McKee, Ardmore and Three Rivers refineries where their crude oil is priced at or below WTI. In the third quarter, the WTI discount to LLS has continued to widen with the July average of just above $16 per barrel.  As noted in the release, we are increasing the use of discounted Eagle Ford crude in our system. During the second quarter, we processed an average of 37,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford, an increase of 12,000 barrels per day over the first quarter. This crude replaced expensive waterborne sweet crudes saving around $16 per barrel in the second quarter. We are continuing to look for additional ways to use more of this discounted crude. We plan to process 25,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude at our Corpus Christi refinery during the third quarter and our Three Rivers refinery should have the ability to process nearly 60,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude by the end of this year. Continuing with other items, our second quarter 2011 refinery throughput volume averaged to 2.3 million barrels per day; that was up 136,000 barrels per day from the second quarter of '10. The increase in throughput volumes was primarily due to the restart of operations at the Aruba refinery. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2011 were $3.86 per barrel, which was higher than guidance due to the higher than expected maintenance, catalyst and chemical costs.  Our Retail segment reported a record high for a second quarter with $135 million of operating income, mainly attributable to stronger retail fuel margins. U.S. retail had $87 million of operating income in the second quarter and the Canadian retail operation earned $48 million of operating income in the second quarter, which was its highest quarter on record.  Our Ethanol segment earned $64 million of operating income in the second quarter, which was up $20 million from the first quarter of 2011 and up $29 million from the second quarter of last year on higher gross margins. Also in the second quarter, we achieved our highest ever quarterly production rate at 3.4 million gallons per day. In the second quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $151 million; depreciation and amortization expense was $386 million; net interest expense was $107 million and the effective tax rate on our continuing operations in the second quarter was 37.6%.  Regarding cash flows in the second quarter, capital spending was $664 million, which includes $133 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures and we paid the $29 million in dividends. Also in the second quarter, we repaid $208 million in maturing debt and spent $37 million to acquire a terminal and pipelines in eastern Kentucky. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of June, total debt was $7.6 billion, cash was $4.1 billion and our debt to capitalization ratio, net of cash, was 18%.  At the end of the second quarter, we also had approximately -- or we had $4.1 billion of additional liquidity available. We remain focused on our strategic priorities. In addition to making progress on our cost savings goal, we progressed on key investments at our St. Charles and Memphis refineries and our hydrocracker and hydrogen projects remain on track to complete in 2012. We also look forward to the closing on our acquisition of the Pembroke refinery and the marketing and logistics assets in the U.K. and Ireland on August 1. In conclusion, Valero is in great financial position with plenty of liquidity and investment-grade credit rating. Going forward, we have substantial potential for earnings growth with improved refining margins, the Pembroke acquisition and the expectation of significant contributions from our economic growth projects.  Now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model subjects.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thanks, Mike. For modeling our third quarter operations, you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast at 1.42 million to 1.46 million barrels per day: Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 430,000 barrels per day: the West Coast at 270,000 to 280,000 barrels per day: and Northeast with Québec only at 200,000 to 210,000 barrels per day.  After we close on the Pembroke acquisition, our Northeast region will be combined with -- it will be changed to North Atlantic region and the Pembroke refinery will be combined into that region with the Québec refinery. And we expect throughputs for the third quarter to average between 370, 000 and 380,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.80 per barrel across our system in the third quarter.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the third quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million; net interest expense should be around $95 million; total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $390 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 37%.  We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Just a quick question. I guess in Q1, there were some one-offs and there was also the hedge and you add that back and all calculation was up to just under $1 of earnings. And then in Q2, you got to $1.30 in a stronger macro environment. So I'm just wondering, how -- were you disappointed with the level of Q2 earnings? Or is Q2, do you think, a good expectation as a base to go forward given some of the volatility we've had in Q1 and Q2 in terms of EPS estimates?
Ashley Smith: I think we were pleased with the results. We'd always like to have higher results but if you look at our capture rates given the market environment, we captured right in line with historical averages or we beat those averages in most regions. Costs were a little higher than expected, but not too much. So all in all, I think it's a fair representation of what we can achieve in this market environment.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then my second question is more of a question around as we get closer to the EBITDA increases that should come with the investments that you're making, particularly in some of the hydrocrackers, can you talk about whether you're going to give some of that cash back to shareholders in terms of a -- as the debt comes down and as the cash flow increases?
William Klesse: This is Klesse, Ed. We'll look at all of that. Right now, we want to have adequate cash to go ahead and finish these projects. We've told you in the past this year's capital spending will be, as Mike said, and it's $3 billion to $3.2 billion, we believe. And next year's probably going to be in the same range as we finish our projects. So for guidance, I tell you we're at $3.1 billion for 2012. That will let us finish our projects, and then we'll see how our cash position is affected. Obviously, we're going to close on Pembroke in the U.K. and Ireland with cash, crude oil prices up some, so our intent is to buy all that inventory. So clearly, we'll pull our cash down here in the next week, but then we expect to build it back up because we see a very good third quarter, just as you see. Where we missed consensus, which I think is your question and looking -- when you actually look at what happened, we had a lightning strike at Port Arthur, we had a couple of other things that in a way were act of God. Our mechanical reliability is improving everyday so I mean, we have these acts of God but as you go through the third quarter, July's just about done. It's going to be an excellent month for us. So we missed consensus here in the second quarter but right now, we're going to beat consensus in the third quarter.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And just to be clear in terms of the thought process around returning cash, you just want to make more progress in terms of the hydrocrackers before making such a decision?
William Klesse: That is absolutely correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI Group.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Bill, industry-wide, we've obviously had some demand destruction over the past couple of months. And on this point, I wanted to see whether or not you guys were seeing any improvement in demand for gasoline and diesel in your major markets. Is there any bounds anywhere out there?
William Klesse: We have not seen that. I'm going to let Joe -- Joe Gorder is going to answer you. I think [indiscernible]
Joseph Gorder: It's been fairly flat, and we're off a little bit on gasoline and diesel here today. We keep looking for those glimmers of hope. But I think on the gasoline side, as long as you got unemployment where it is, it's going to be very tough here, in the States, anyway, for gasoline demand to pick up. Distillate demand we're getting mixed signals. You've got some of the trucking indicators looking positive and some of them looking negative. The same is true with the rail and the marine cargoes, the Port of Los Angeles data looks a little different than the Port of Long Beach data. So we're not seeing any significant improvement, but we're not seeing things crater, either.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Sure. Okay, and on the same topic...
William Klesse: Let me just tell you a little more, though, we'll give you a little more here on Retail. Jean Bernier is going to tell you some about Retail for us, which will give you a good indication.
Jean Bernier: Okay. So on Retail, our overall demand in the second quarter is soft, it's down about 2% in the U.S. and on a same-store basis, it's down about 3.5%. However, July is looking a bit better than that, so that is an encouraging sign. And in Canada, on the Retail side, actually our volumes have been very strong, overall growing about 3% on a same-store basis between 4% and 5%. So we see different trends in different regions and different areas.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay, good. And also on the same topic somewhat. We're starting to see prices approach record levels for end-users in some of your important export markets in Latin America. And so I just wanted to see if Joe or somebody could give us on update on trends in export markets that you guys have exposure to? Are they still pretty strong there as well?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Doug. Things look good there. I mean, our gasoline exports in the quarter were 69,000 barrels per day and our diesel exports were 143,000 barrels a day. Now the gasoline is primarily being drawn into Mexico, but we moved some to Ecuador and Chile also. On the distillates side, 70% went to Europe in the quarter and 30% to South America. And if we look out to the third quarter, those numbers are generally in that same range. Distillates might be a little higher than the second quarter, but generally in that same range. And Doug, the key for me is that we continue to see an open arm to Europe for the EN590 grade distillates. And so when I look at our distillates for the second quarter, they were down a little bit from historical numbers, but it was more related to availability of supply for us to move out than it was demand abroad. And then if you'll look out to the quarter, the third quarter and going forward, we still have Mexico demand exceeding their supply as imports grow. I think Mexico is now importing 425,000 barrels a day of gasoline and 130,000 barrels a day of diesel and both of those are up from last year. We still have supply problems with Venezuela. Petrobras is purchasing gasoline. And so looking out, things look like they're going to continue that way and so we should see continued strong demand on the Gulf Coast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate from Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The project is obviously kicking in next year, if I could just ask you to give us a quick update. I guess this year, we were looking at the 2 FCC revamps. Could they get completed on time, in which case should we expect some improvement, I guess, on the cost lane for the balance of this year? And related, can you just clarify whether or not you will benefit from any tax credits related to the accelerated depreciation of your capital? I guess it's up some fairly substantial numbers. In which case, would you accrue more taxes in 2012? And I have a follow-up, please.
William Klesse: Lane Riggs is going to tell you about the stats, and Clay Killinger will tell you about the taxes.
Lane Riggs: Okay. This is Lane, our SEC grade job was completed pretty much on time and on budget. It's performing quite well. We're still sort of trying to optimize it, but we've already seen a significant improvement in operations. This is on the St. Charles. In the Memphis SEC, we have the oxygen supply and so we are -- those 2 projects are complete. So we should, on a go forward basis, we should certainly see an improvement in our sort of earnings ability with both of those 2 projects.
William Klesse: I would add that the St. Charles, which was a conversion from a millisecond to a conventional cat, we've seen at least an 8 percentage point increase in our conversion or yield to where we get the 4- to 5-year run. At Memphis, hanging the cat cooler because there's no vacuum tower in there, allows us to go ahead and heavy up our crude slate and we'll also get a 4- to 5-year run. So these are tremendous projects for us when you look at our reliability or mechanical availability going forward, as well as our just general yield because when you get these conversion yields when you have $100 oil, you can see that it's worth a lot of money to us. Taking that slurry to a clean product. Now on the taxes.
Clay Killinger: Yes. Doug, this is Clay Killinger, the Corporate Controller. Most of these, not significantly all of these projects, will qualify for the bonus depreciation under the tax law. And we've computed at a 6.5% interest rate that for each $100 million of qualified capital expenditures will relate to about $5 million of net present value of benefits to the company.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So your tax guidance for 2012 and you will start accruing that on January 1? In which case, can you give us an idea what you expect the impact to be in terms of percentage on the typical tax guidance that you guys have.
Clay Killinger: I have -- we haven't calculated what the number will be, but it will come into effect when those projects get completed. But when they get done, we'll update you on that.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. My follow-up...
William Klesse: Doug, on -- sorry, I just want to finish then on the hydrocrackers there. We're still looking for Port Arthur to be completed in the third quarter of '12 and St. Charles to be completed in the fourth quarter of '12. So they are big. This is -- overall, this is over a $3 billion capital project between both clients. And this environment we have today will be significant profit contributors as the numbers we've given you in the slides that we've shown.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Bill, my follow-up is really a broader kind of strategic question. You guys have got a feel-good type record of when you buy one asset, you tend to sell another kind of, I guess overall high-grade portfolio. But Pembroke kicking up here and I guess with your exit from more or less from the East Coast, at least for the lower 48, how are you feeling about the broader portfolio? And I guess specifically, I would ask how you're feeling about the West Coast as a core part of the portfolio on a go forward basis? And then I'll leave it at that.
William Klesse: Doug, it's a very good question. And if you think about us strategically, we continue to work on geographic diversification, execution every single day, keeping our investment grade rating. These things are important, but then you get to our portfolio and when we look at demand in the United States, the world is growing, the United States is much more sluggish and it's grown, but we will continue to work on our portfolio. And so we are looking at it again. Obviously, the West Coast has depressed cracks. I think you've noticed in our earnings tables that we actually lost money at the refinery in Québec in the second quarter. And so we tend to look at all of these with the whole portfolio. These are long-term decisions, we'll analyze it in a long-term approach, but we are continuing to work on our portfolio so that we are, in fact, more competitive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: A question for you on Pembroke. I know there was an issue recently, I believe it was a fire of some sort. And I just wanted to make sure, as of the August 1 close date, will that facility be up and running fully operational the way you had projected in your slide back when you announced the acquisition?
S. Edwards: Yes, this is Gene Edwards. The refineries are running fine today. There really has been a big impact on operations because of this and there's going to be some possibly rebuilding the tanks. But this occurred on the teller's watch and they're taking care of these expenses.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay, great. And secondly, Joe, I know you went through the export environment looking fairly robust through the balance of the year. I was just curious if you have any, I guess, thoughts on next year. Per the IEA, it looks like we've got a quite a bit of capacity coming online globally, about 2.5 barrels a day. Are you expecting any impact on the Gulf Coast's ability to export or how that might factor into what you're seeing?
Joseph Gorder: Blake, I really think it's going to be this way for a long a time. It's almost getting to be a chorus here instead of verse that we've got strong export sales in Gulf Coast. I read an article this morning that Reliance is moving their barrels now to Asia. Asian demand is still strong and we expected them to come to the states at some point in time, we just haven't seen it. So you've got growth in other parts of the world which are pulling those barrels. The Gulf Coast refineries, as we've said before, are very cost competitive. And you have natural markets for those barrels and those barrels are into Mexico, Central America, South America and then over to Europe. And I just expect that this is going to be with us for some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I had a couple of things, if I could. Just by way of a clarification on the tax issue mentioned previously. I assume that, that bonus DD&A is not going to affect the effective rate, but rather cash tax and that you'll be providing deferred taxes. And I correct in that regard or wrong?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, you are. You are correct.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Couple of other things, if I could. I noticed pretty significant increase in high asset crude runs in the quarter and was wondering is that a permanent shift and what's given rise to it?
Joseph Gorder: Well, this is Joe, Mark. It's the economics that are giving rise to it and you're right, we ran much higher volumes of marlum [ph] and Friday in the second quarter. We also ran more volumes of M-100. But it was all economically driven.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay, with respect to the intent to increase the Eagle Ford volumes, Joe, Jean or Bill, anything entailed in doing so, other than the logistics of getting it there from a hardware catalyst or any other type modification that would have to be made?
Joseph Gorder: Mark, we're running now 40,000 a day down there. And we've got a turnaround scheduled in September and Lane can speak more to this if he'd like, but there's no major changes in the turnaround as a result of the turnaround, that are going to allow us to take those volumes up to 60,000 a day. So in addition to the volume we're going to run there, we're going to try to run the 25,000 that Mike mentioned with Corpus Christi and the great thing about running more of this Eagle Ford crude is we've got it priced in there at a WTI-type price and we're backing up CPC and Sahara and then more of the expensive foreign suites. So Lane, anything on the plant?
Lane Riggs: I just -- during the turnaround, we're going to hang some valve on the top circulating reflux of the pump ground to be able to handle it. It's a lighter crude and so it will allow us to once we get up around 60, we're still trying to determine, but we think we'll build around even more than that but essentially, we're hanging the valve and having the exchanger will allow us to do that after the turnaround.
William Klesse: So Mark, we'll spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 million around Three Rivers to do some of this that the fellows are talking about. To go above that would cost more money and, of course, we'd probably need a permit. So these are longer conversations, then. And at Corpus, it's all been to this point really trucking, pipeline construction, getting the oil to the plants. Some of you may remember, I've mentioned to you we have a project at our McKee Refinery which is the same kind of thing, just not Eagle Ford, but the issue we have at McKee is we need a permit. We would spend about $100 million to have a modest expansion there which has good economics, but the permit is probably an 18- to 24-month conversation.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Guys, I've listened very carefully to what Mike said about the crude discounts in the Mid-Continent. But I guess from that standpoint, my thought was the capture rate in that region really doesn't seem to reflect that. Am I missing something?
Michael Ciskowski: I think you are, Mark but we'll be glad to walk you through.
William Klesse: Why don't we -- why don't you call, Mark, because I don't mind telling you guys, our most profitable refineries are McKee, Three Rivers and Ardmore. So we're capturing but I'm not sure -- what I'd like you to do maybe is to call Ashley after the call and he'll walk you through it.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes. And I think there's one more item that the broad public should understand is in our Mid-Continent system includes Memphis. So roughly 40% of our Mid-Continent region doesn't participate in WTI. Memphis is an LLS-base refinery. So if you assume that all that throughput is catching the WTI base margin, you made a very bad assumption.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay, last one for me. Where were you in the quarter and where might you expect to be in terms of being buyer brands?
Joseph Gorder: Mark, we're up definitely by our grids. And we're now to the point where we're blending probably over 80% of our gasoline volumes with ethanol. So that's not the issue, but it's really the biodiesel RINS that become the challenge for us. There's just not enough biodiesel up here to blend for us to meet it with blending this year. We have plans underway to put in blending facilities for biodiesel at a handful of our racks. And we expect that by the end of 2012, we'll be blending at volume to satisfy that obligation, but it will be a build-up until that time. So we are a short grid.
William Klesse: It's an expense of well over $100 million. And maybe I can just leave it at that. This is a big program and Joe is telling you things we're doing to mitigate that, but for Valero, it's well over $100 million.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Bill, is that annual or quarterly?
William Klesse: Annual. It's over $100 million.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay, does it go up from here until you get in position to be able to achieve that blending?
Joseph Gorder: No. No. Unless the market for the RIN -- and frankly, Mark, it's all related to these biodiesel RINS. Those are very expensive. The market forms about $1.34 and you look at that compared to an ethanol RIN, it's $0.035. So the market for the biodiesel RINS are very high because they're just not available out there. We are going to be blending more though, as I said, and as a result, that expense should go down as we proceed forward.
William Klesse: Relative then to the price of wherever they're going.
Joseph Gorder: Right. And it's more biodiesel's blended price of the RIN should come down, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: On the Eagle Ford volumes, as you think about some of the light-sweet crudes coming on the Eagle Ford Permian, Bakken, Cushing area, their major pipeline is coming from the Eagle Ford in the Houston Longhorn reversal into Houston, the Keystone XL Enterprise, Enbridge lines going into Houston. If production grows as fast as many of the producers believe it will, are you looking for incremental volumes? Could you use incremental light-sweet volumes in your Houston area refineries over and above what you've already talked about?
William Klesse: Some are going to Houston, some are going to Port Arthur, but Joe's going to answer you.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, I mean, Jeff, clearly, the Mid-Continent refineries are benefiting now, right? We all see that. But to the extent that we do move sweet crudes down into the Gulf, you're going to see pressure on LLS prices. And so would we like to see some of the crude end up in the Houston market where we could run it or over at Memphis? Absolutely. I don't think that we're going to see this get resolved, though, anytime soon. I don't know what your view is, but you've got so much production coming on stream up there as you describe, that I think we're going to see significant volumes continue to pour into the market, both from the regions you mentioned, the Bakken area from the Panhandle area and then Canadian barrels coming in. And it's going to be 18 months or better for the pipelines to be put in place to carry it out. So I think you're going to see continued pressure on those discounts in the Mid-Continent. One thing that's interesting, Jeff, that we saw is that Cushing tank capacity is coming on stream big time. We used to use 40 million barrels as a number of tank capacity, it's up to 62 million now and in the next 6 months, we're going to add 13 million barrels which is going to take it up to 75 million barrels a storage. So clearly, the market is getting ready for a lot more of this Mid-Continent crude to be available and to be stored.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: Joe, are you starting to see some Saudi -- attractive Saudi barrels coming into the U.S. Gulf Coast? They've talked about -- they raised production in June and they're talking about further increases in July. Are you guys seeing some of those barrels? Are they getting priced attractive enough to find their way to the Gulf Coast?
Joseph Gorder: We are. We're running now some pair of extra lights in the Gulf. We're also going to be bringing in more Kuwaiti barrels. The Kuwaitis have lifted their imposed reduction of contract volumes. We were operating for a period there where we had a 10% reduction in our contract volume. They notified us that they were taking that off and that we were able to take more barrels. I do think we're going to see a lot more medium-sour barrels coming into the market.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: How significant are those volumes?
Joseph Gorder: I understand that Saudis are going up to 10 million barrels a day of production. So that would be, what, another -- not entirely to the Gulf, but they're going to put that in the market. Jeff, I don't know how much you'll see.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: Okay. On Pembroke, you've provided some guidance on $0.25 a share of accretion on 2010 outlook. Do you happen to have an updated number based on where the forward curve is today?
S. Edwards: I think the forward curve -- Jeff, this is Jean again. Forward curve looks pretty similar to our forecast. Although rig prices are obviously very high right now, so there is some concern on that. But if you look at the 211 to Brent today from $13 a barrel, it's really not at all that bad. So I think -- we haven't really redone our economics since we did the acquisition, but I think it looks more or less in line.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: Okay, all right. And do you have any comments on the status or the impact of the ethanol tax credit repeal? And how that might influence Valero or the industry as a whole?
S. Edwards: Yes, it's Gene again. I'm not sure when it's going to get repealed. The senate was talking about July 31; said that's going to happen, but maybe it'll happen at the end of the year. We're watching it, but in reality it doesn't really have much impact on us right now. The blenders' credit is really being captured by the blender, not the ethanol producer. Just to use an example, ethanol today is right around $3 a gallon, CBOB and RBOB in New York are both $3.05, $3.10 a gallon, so there's margin to blend even if you don't have the $0.45 credit. So in fact, as the blenders who patron it, we capture a little bit of it at our retail. And our wholesale is passed on to the wholesale customers. At Retail, from our analysis, like it's more or less competed away when we have good ethanol blending margins, our overall margin at Retail doesn't seem to be affected much by that blenders' credit. So I think it's competed away the business, whether it be wholesale or retail. So net effect to Valero really is pretty much nothing.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Number of questions. In Corpus Christi, do you have -- how much you can run Eagle Ford? Right now you're saying that in third quarter it's about 25,000 barrel per day. Assume that you face no major restriction in the logistics side, how much more of that you can run it up to?
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane Riggs. We have 2 crude units there. We have our West plant crude unit which can run about 40,000 barrels a day, so that would be pretty much -- you're able to run about 40 a day of Eagle Ford from all those economic. And then our other plants is our East plant. And it's predominantly medium-sour, heavy-sour. But at the end of the day, it's all about economics. We can run Eagle Ford in that crude units, it's just a matter of it being available and the economics are right. So that's about 100,000 barrel a day, so we can run quite a bit.
William Klesse: The reason Lane is answering you this way is the East plant has a coker, so you tend to run the coker, but if you get enough discount, you don't run the coker.
Paul Cheng: This plant is your original plant, right, with the recent cracker?
William Klesse: The West plant has the recent cracker.
Lane Riggs: That's the original.
William Klesse: That's the original Valero plant is the West plant. The east plant is the old coastal plant.
Paul Cheng: Okay, all right. I see, I see, very good. Can you give me some balance sheet data in terms of working capital, long-term debt, market value of the inventory in excess of the book?
William Klesse: Yes. On the current assets, it's $14.7 billion; current liabilities, $10.2 billion; total long-term debt, $7.6 billion; and then our market value in excess of a LIFO on the inventory is $7.9 billion.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And that maybe that this -- I supposed that this maybe is for Ashley. On the Québec, is there any particular reason why margin realization seems like, sequentially at least, half from the first quarter, have dropped so much comparing to the benchmark indicator?
Ashley Smith: Québec. Yes, typically -- and if you go back and look at our capture rates versus typical indicator like a Brent 211, it falls from first quarter to second quarter. Mostly on the light end, the butane, LPGs out there, the market always gets weak because you can't blend them into the gasoline pool and you'll see it fall from 4Q and 1Q are typically a higher-capture rate. It falls in second quarter and then kind of holds and builds back up as you can start blending into back in the gasoline.
Paul Cheng: That seems like it's pretty substantial because the benchmark indicator seems to be flat to slightly down on it.
Ashley Smith: It does look substantial and it has been substantial in the past.
Paul Cheng: So do you think that this is still normal on the seasonal pattern?
Ashley Smith: That's absolutely. Go back -- we've been posting our Québec-only performance for that region. We posted that to the website a few months ago, right up to the first quarter. And you can see historically how Québec has done over the past 5 years and in the first quarter to second quarter, it falls anywhere from 20 to 30 percentage points on capture rate. And this is the key driver.
Paul Cheng: I see. And Aruba, did you guys make money in the second quarter?
William Klesse: No, we did not. We had margin, but we had many operating issues.
Paul Cheng: Bill, is it a primarily an operating issue or that the configuration just, even in today's market, this cover light, heavy defense or you still won't able be to make money?
William Klesse: I'm going to take the second part first. The configuration is an issue when you have $100 oil running at coking refinery, you just have to have a big discount. And that's all -- I mean, it's just as simple as that.
Paul Cheng: Right, so the current discount is not big enough?
William Klesse: The discount would've been big enough in the second quarter then if we had run better. And we had a lot of problems to start up, which basically we started a year ago, getting ready to start up has been very tough for people who've worked very hard. We've had a lot of issues in getting back to a good rate. Today, we're running revenue 200,000 barrels a day, but we've had issues getting there.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So do you think that now the bulk of the issues is behind you?
William Klesse: I think we have clearly make progress on running -- being able to run reliably, but I would tell you that the second half on the P&L, not necessarily cash flow totally but P&L, will be challenging unless we get a change in the discounts.
Paul Cheng: I see. And Bill, for then -- this is for Mike, for the remaining 2 spending for the hydrocracker in St. Charles and Port Arthur, how much is the remaining that you have to spend?
Michael Ciskowski: It's about $1.3 billion.
Paul Cheng: Together?
William Klesse: Combined. $600,000 -- $600 million, $700 million, then we have a couple of other projects around it. So I would basically tell you that it's about a $1.5 billion to finish the 2 hydrocrackers, some of the crude work that's going on around it.
Paul Cheng: Bill, do you have a rough number that what's the CapEx look like next year?
William Klesse: The capital spending next year? Yes. I'm going to say it's the same as this year, $3 billion to $3.2 billion and I think I said we'll go $3.1 billion kind is where we are sitting at this point. Now having said that, that's kind of like a ballpark number because like most companies you guys will talk to, we're in the middle of starting our budgets for next year and our planning, so...
Paul Cheng: Two final questions. One, Bill, historically, Valero, the strategy is that you left there large coastal refinery with a high conversion capability to win a lot of discount group, that kind of flexibility. With the last 6 or 7 months drastic change in the Mid-Continent TI spread, does it in any shape or form change your view about the criteria? Or that you think that this is just too short-term of a phenomenon there for you to really change your strategic thinking?
William Klesse: It's a very fair question, Paul. Obviously in today's market, it is all about location. So just -- it's a given. And to solve some of the switch and Valero's benefiting by it, we have already told you that McKee, Ardmore and Three Rivers. So for the industry then to cause the LLS, WTI types to narrow, it's really, probably an 18-month to 2-year conversation because some of the things that I think Doug mentioned earlier, or maybe it was Jeff, they're not all happening yet. So this is 18 months to 2 years away for pipelines to move this volume out of the Mid-Continent. So location, it's all about location today. However, I would still say to you that at the end of the day, it's just like we've talked about in the past, it's location, it's complexity, but it's also being able to operate. And executing, executing, executing all the time. And that's the piece that you will notice over the next, as these projects are getting done, you're going to see our executing is dramatically improving. On our mechanical availability now, we are borderline first class -- first quartile and a couple of years ago, we were third and fourth quartile. So you will see that as these data keeps coming out. But today, it's all about location. Bottom line.
Paul Cheng: But you do not believe that if longer -- if we need to spot the long terms of you and not changing the way how, in terms of M&A, in consideration of that criteria?
William Klesse: I'm not going to say not changing. I'm going to say it; a few minutes ago I said complexity matters. Where Valero's expertise is, is running high complexity refineries and that is our institutional knowledge here. However, we are looking at an expansion at the McKee refinery. We've already talked about what we're doing in South Texas. Those are projects that we would not have considered 2 years ago for sure. Would not have considered one year ago, for sure. So there is obviously some change in our approach. On the other hand, to give you the whole story, you can see our Québec numbers, as Ashley said. We have a currency, currency's gone up in Canada and that makes their conversion to dollars. You can see when you look at their operating costs, it's moved up dramatically. Obviously, they're buying light sweet crude. So where we have an emphasis on in Québec is going to be much more on the cost side and the products realization side because they've lost that currency buffer that they had previously. And the advantage crude oil being foreign. So clearly, this market that we're in with these differentials or spreads that we've not seen before are certainly biasing our -- certainly our strategy. But it is still about executing and complexity and being able to take these barrels and make very clean products out of them reliably every day.
Paul Cheng: And finally, can you tell us that, is there any major turnaround from you guys then in the second quarter -- I mean, the second half and the first half of next year?
William Klesse: I think Bill Bay just released our turnarounds, but we have them at Corpus Christi in October and Three Rivers in September. The Three Rivers refinery, the entire plant's down. And it's down for 3 or 4 weeks and the Corpus Christi one is…
Lane Riggs: The East plant crude coker, for 3 weeks.
William Klesse: The larger crude unit, the East plant we talked about, down for 3 weeks. The crude coke. But these turnarounds that are just scheduled turnarounds. The heaviest turnarounds we had was in the first quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions for you. A question for you on the macro, it really feeds into the prior response that you had on Arab light volumes. And frankly, it actually may highlight complexity versus location. If we look into the year-end, excess PR, you could see over 1.2 million barrels of incremental crude demand with low sulfur Libyan barrels out, it looks as though x the SPR, that would be met with primarily sour Arab light barrels. What are your views in terms of the global market setting up for heavy-sour imbalances in the back half of the year? And can clearly benefits to your system, any comments? And I have couple of questions.
Joseph Gorder: Evan, this is Joe. If you think about heavy-sour in general, okay, we've got a discount right now, Maya related to LLS that's around $14-a-barrel, which is a decent discount. The SPR release certainly depressed LLS briefly which compressed that Maya discount, but now it's moved back out. But if you look more broader than just Maya, you've got a market right now that sees Pemex production stabilizing at $1.4 million of exports a day, somewhere in that range. You got Columbia increasing their heavy-sour production by 140,000 barrels per day. They're up to 870 barrels now, which is significant increase over year. You've got Brazil increasing their production by about 150,000 barrels per day. We're seeing a lot more Basra in the market today. As we mentioned earlier, we've got the Saudis putting more barrels into the market, as are the Kuwaitis and then ultimately we're going to have Keystone come on and it's going to allow us to move more of these Canadian barrels into the market. On the medium-sour side, you've had somewhat reduced production in the U.S. Gulf Coast because there's been some maintenance been taking place on the Mars platform. And of course we had the spill which delayed subsequent drilling, but that will pick back up here at some point in time. So when we look at the market for sour crudes, both heavy- and medium-sours, we're pretty optimistic about these discounts.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Right. It looks that way, in my opinion. And one -- just a question on Maya, how should we think about the K factors? I mean, do you see that being moved to offset some of the WCS impact in that pricing formula that's being impacted by Cushing inventory levels or pressured Cushing?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Clearly, the biggest part of the formula is that. The K factor is what the Mexicans use to try to keep the market, the oil price at what would be a market. And certainly, when you get heavy-sour Canadian crude coming into the Gulf, it's going to put -- anytime you get more supply, you're going to have pressure on these discounts. And so we expect that that's probably going to happen. They have been very good, they're very capable, they've been very good at trying to keep the Maya price somewhat similar to a medium-sour crude alternative. And we expect they're going to try to continue to do that in the future. But again, if you have more crude supply into the market, it shouldn't pressure those discounts.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: A question on Québec. I know you mentioned focusing on cost, but is there any potential solution to move Canadian discounted lights that are really getting backed out from the U.S. Mid-Continent and sands growth that may be able to move to the east and give you a TI-like discount into that market? Is that -- how do you guys think about that?
William Klesse: Ah no, Evan. There's really not any logistics in place. You can always route it. You can do -- you could put it, I guess, on a barge or a ship, but it's really, the logistics don't fall that way.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But real economics don't work then?
William Klesse: Well, you have to get the cars. I don't know what people are telling you. Ours now are probably almost a year lead time. Certainly, you'd have to build the facility. We have a rail facility, but it works for products. And our pipeline won't be finished until the end of next year. So we're looking at all of these items, including what Ashley mentioned on the butanes, as well, and on the general operating cost side. But your specific question is -- it's a little -- it's harder than just putting it on a ship and shipping it in.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I appreciate that entirely. On Three Rivers, I mean I know you're working with Harvest Pipeline to bring a line from Eagle Ford into the asset, but is there any magic about 60 in terms of 95 CD capacity? I mean, is there a potential to increase compression and take that number higher or is that, as you think about the asset, the right maximum amount for you?
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. We can -- we will see. Ultimately, we may think we can run up to 80,000 barrels a day. It's just a matter of whether it's filled out parts of the refinery properly. But you're right, the Harvest Pipeline will be there. We've put in a big truck rack. We will not be logistically limited on Eagle Ford availed in the refinery. It will all be about the economics of Eagle Ford in refinery which today, we would run as much of it as we could.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I got you. And just lastly, briefly, on the SPR and SPR release. I know you're the single largest purchaser, like close to 7 million barrels. How did it benefit you guys? Can you explain maybe the process?
Joseph Gorder: Well, I mean, we certainly can run the crude and we were able to pick it up and a $5.11 discount on average to LLS. And so it's a simple math. You do the $7 million barrels times the $5 and we've had huge benefit for bringing it in.
William Klesse: We'll have some cost moving it around, but what we did is -- the oil fits us in many of our locations so we just decided to bid, it was a bid process. And so as Joe said, we got it for a little bit of a discount against the metric. Joe's supposed to get that discount every day.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: That's great. And maybe I just want to add one other question, I know you guys are running a lot more crudes through your program. I mean is that, does that -- but it hasn't yet impacted inventory levels. I mean, is there some correlation with running more crudes and having higher inventory levels since you kind of want to blend out so you don't beat up your units as much?
Joseph Gorder: I'm trying...
William Klesse: I would say no because we typically -- and I guess one of you guys correct me, our crude inventory number runs about 20 days, 22 days, so we're turning our inventory over 20, 22 days here in that range. So it just goes through our system. And we'll -- our supply people are always balancing our system. So moves a couple of million barrels, we have over $100 million of barrels of total inventory and moves a couple of million barrels, but the system is always trying to get optimized.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: We've beaten this topic to death today, but I'm going to ask one more question on running this inland crudes through your system. Well, just one more here. So assuming a couple of years down the road, this is, I guess, hypothetical, that Saudi's pipelines and trends come in, assuming you can get all the volumes of inland crudes you want down to the Gulf Coast, is there an upper limit of how much of these light-sweet inland crudes you can run through your entire Gulf Coast system?
William Klesse: All right. I'm going to answer you and say because we got into this conversation today, it all depends on the price. So today, we run different crude oils at our Houston refinery. We could put a lot of lighter crude in there. You could put lighter crude into all of our refineries. You'll underutilize your coker and then as Lane was explaining earlier because it's lighter, you'll overload your vapor handling capabilities, so that's where you'll have to stop. But it all depends on price.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So you've got 1.6 million, 1.7 million barrels a day, something like that of capacity. I mean, theoretically, you can run a full dose of that without any sort of impacts on operations?
William Klesse: No, I would say, we would not be able to run that much. We would get limited out on being able to handle the vapors. But you might make more money.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Right, right. Okay.
William Klesse: So the way we do it, it's just like all our competitors do it, we run the LP.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Do you ever see the U.S. as being an exporter of LLS or WTI down the road?
Joseph Gorder: I doubt it. I mean, we're still bringing forward sweeps in.
William Klesse: I think we would answer this to say our opinion is going to be no better than yours, I think is the best way to say that. The U.S. is still a big importer. The U.S. imports over 9 million barrels a day of crude oil. And so it would have to be some issue with the refining capacity which you were just asking us for that to happen. But of our knowledge would not be any better than yours here.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. I guess, one other quick question, Bill. I think last quarter, you mentioned that you thought Valero could beat the $3 EPS for the year. Is that -- do you still feel pretty good about that?
William Klesse: Yes, I do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cory Garcia from Raymond James.
Cory Garcia - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Try to sneak one quick one in here. In regards to your sort of stay-in business maintenance capital, seeing that's been running about $1.7 billion and I believe several quarters back you guys were talking maybe $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. Bearing in mind that obviously the regulatory environment can change on a dime, I'm looking at sort of how your portfolio has changed. Are you still thinking maintenance cap could get back down toward $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion in the years ahead or are looking at more of a $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion type of level?
William Klesse: I think that eventually we can get to that number. And what it is, is basically, we spend DD&A. And then you always have to consider these environmental rights or other type of regulations. But yes, we can get there, but what we're doing today is we're spending in a little hire rate in that area just because we have many things going on to improve our reliability through our system. And as we're replacing bad actor pumps as we're addressing problem exchangers and that in the system, they are causing us to have a little higher capital spending. But our target would clearly be that we are going to able to do it around DD&A, with some subject to inflation there, but basically, a DD&A. And for Valero, total DD&A is about $1.5 billion. So for the refining group, it must be about $1.3 billion.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thanks, John. And I just want to thank shareholders for listening to today's call. If you have questions, please contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Gorder - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply S. Edwards - Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Kimberly Bowers - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Lane Riggs - Senior Vice President of Refining Operations William Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ashley Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Paul Cheng Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thank you, John. And good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO, Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer, Joe Gorder, our Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, our Executive Vice President for Corporate Communications, Information Services and Supply Chain Management. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported first quarter 2011 income from continuing operations of $104 million or $0.18 per share. This number includes an after-tax loss of $352 million or $0.61 per share on derivative contracts related to forward sales of refined products. These contracts were closed and realized in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding that item, our first quarter earnings would have been $0.79 per share. I should note that the loss from discontinued operations shown in the financial tables relates to the Delaware City refinery site and the Paulsboro refinery which were sold in 2010. As reported, first quarter 2011 operating income was $244 million, excluding the $542 million pretax loss related to the forward sales. First quarter 2011 operating income was $786 million versus operating income of $4 million in the first quarter of 2010. Since the loss on the forward sales was reported in cost of sales, our throughput margins were reduced by $2.86 per barrel across our system. Excluding this item, first quarter throughput margins were $9.91 per barrel, which is an increase of $3.93 per barrel over the first quarter 2010 margins and the highest first quarter margin since 2007. The increase in throughput margins was due to higher diesel and jet fuel margins plus wider discounts for heavy-sour crudes on the Gulf Coast and light-sweet crude in the Mid-Continent. I want to highlight that on Page 5 of the earnings release tables, we are showing market prices in terms of Louisiana Light Sweet (sic) [Light Louisiana Sweet] crude oils or LLS. We think LLS is a better indicator of prices for light-sweet crude oils that are waterborne and can move efficiently to key refining markets, especially on the U.S. Gulf Coast. This became important in the first quarter when WTI began to trade significantly below other light-sweet crude oils, such as LLS and Brent, due to significant growth in production and also inventories of crude oils at Cushing.  1 of the key drivers of our year-over-year gain in throughput margins was in diesel margins. For example, Gulf Coast ULSD margin per barrel versus LLS increased $6.76 or 99% from $6.83 in the first quarter of 2010 to $13.59 in the first quarter of 2011. Looking at the Gulf Coast gasoline versus LLS, margins per barrel fell from $6.46 in the first quarter of '10 to $3.82 in the first quarter of '11. However, in the second quarter, gasoline margins have rebounded to an April average of around $8 per barrel or $4 higher than the first quarter. The other key driver for our margin gain over last year was crude oil discounts. The Maya heavy-sour crude oil discounts versus LLS increased $6.11 from $9.57 in the first quarter of '10 to $15.68 per barrel in the first quarter of '11. The Maya discount has continued to widen in the second quarter with the April average up from $1.58 to $17.26 per barrel. These discounts are important in our Gulf Coast region where we have significant capacity to process heavy-sour crude oils. Another benefit for Valero came from WTI pricing at a discount to LLS. This discount increased over $10 per barrel from $0.67 in the first quarter 2010 to $11.08 in the first quarter of 2011. The WTI discount helped our McKee and Ardmore refineries in the Mid-Continent region where the crude oil price is priced at or below WTI. In the second quarter, the WTI discount to LLS has continued to widen from the first quarter, with the April average up around $5 to nearly $16 per barrel. We also benefited from crude oil discounts at our Three Rivers refinery, which is in our Gulf Coast region. This refinery recently began to process light-sweet crude oil from the Eagle Ford shale formation in South Texas. In the first quarter, we processed an average of 25,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude at prices similar to WTI, which replaced expensive, waterborne sweet crudes, saving around $11 per barrel in the first quarter. We are rapidly working to use more of this discounted crude oil. We're now processing 30,000 barrels per day and expect to be at nearly 40,000 barrels per day in June. And by the end of this year, our Three Rivers refinery should have the ability to process almost 60,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude. Now continuing with other items, our first quarter 2011 refinery throughput volume averaged 2.1 million barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses in the first quarter were $3.93 per barrel. Cash operating expenses were in line with guidance, but higher than the fourth quarter of 2010 due to the decline in throughput volume mainly caused by turnarounds. Our Retail segment reported a good quarter with $66 million of operating income. U.S. Retail had $19 million of operating income in the first quarter, which was even with the fourth quarter of 2010 but down from the first quarter of 2010 on lower fuel margins. Canada Retail had $47 million of operating income in the first quarter, which was up $5 million from the fourth quarter of 2010 and up $9 million from the first quarter of '10, mainly on stronger retail fuel margins. Our Ethanol segment earned $44 million of operating income in the first quarter. This was down $26 million from the fourth quarter of '10 and down $13 million from the first quarter of 2010 on lower gross margins. However, we did achieve our highest quarterly production rate at 3.3 million gallons per day in the first quarter, which was also in line with guidance. In the first quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $130 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $365 million, and net interest expense was $117 million. The effective tax rate on continuing operations in the first quarter was 28%, which was lower than the fourth quarter and guidance due to favorable settlements of some tax audits. Excluding those settlements, our effective tax rate on continuing operations for Q1 was 35%. Regarding cash flows in the first quarter, capital spending was $737 million, which includes $299 million of turnaround and catalyst capitalist expenditures. And we paid $28 million in dividends. Also in the first quarter, we repaid $210 million in maturing debts, and we purchased the $300 million of tax-exempt bonds related to the St. Charles refinery, which we issued in the fourth quarter of 2010. By purchasing these bonds, we avoid unnecessary interest expense, and we preserve the right to reissue these low-cost bonds if needed. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of March, total debt was $7.8 billion, cash was $4.1 billion and our debt-to-cap ratio, net of cash, was 19.5%. At the end of the first quarter, we also had approximately $4 billion of additional liquidity available. We remain focused on our strategic priorities, including our 2011 target of $100 million in pretax cost savings, improving the performance of our assets and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. We will continue to look for earnings-accretive acquisition opportunities, but we will only acquire quality assets at an attractive price like our pending Pembroke acquisition. In conclusion, Valero is in great financial shape, and we have significant potential for earnings growth given the strong industry conditions; the recent completion of heavy turnarounds and profit-enhancing projects at our refineries; the Pembroke acquisition that we expect to close in the third quarter; and finally, our economic growth projects, including the hydrocrackers and the hydrogen plants that are on schedule for completion in 2012. And now, I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Okay. thanks, Mike. For modeling our second quarter operations, we expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.42 million to 1.47 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 385,000 to 395,000 barrels per day, the Northeast at 190,000 to 200,000 barrels per day and the West Coast at 265,000 to 275,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.70 per barrel in the second quarter. Regarding our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With the respect to some of the other items for the second quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $140 million; net interest expense should be around $110 million; total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $370 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 35%. We will now open the call for questions, John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess just to understand Q1, my first question is, "What's the total net income loss that you had from turnarounds in Q1?" You mentioned the $0.20 for March. And can you confirm that all the refineries are now back up and running?
Ashley Smith: The total turnaround, just turnaround impact, was estimated around $470 million for the first quarter.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And all the refineries are now back up?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, all -- we have Port Arthur and Benicia, are back up out of turnaround, and we still have turnarounds -- we're still on progress at Ardmore and they're actually starting up as we speak. And then St. Charles will be starting up in mid-May. That's sort of a status. And after mid-May, we'll essentially be done with our heavy turnaround load.
Ashley Smith: And, Ed -- hey, this is Ashley again. That number, the $470 million, that's a pretax number. I just want to clarify. You had ask about net income, but that's a pretax number. It's kind of like a margin number.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. And then, I guess, the second question is more strategic. You've got good cash on the balance sheet. You've good margins going in Q2. Obviously, you've just mentioned acquisitions, and we know all the refineries that are up for sale. But can you just give us your latest thoughts on the benefits of growth through acquisition as opposed to returning more cash back to shareholders, either via a buyback or perhaps increasing the dividend?
William Klesse: At this point -- this is Klesse. At this point in time, we intend to hold the cash on our balance sheet. We do think we're going to have a very good second quarter and rest of the year. Right now, we're consensus, is around $3 a share. We think we'll even be consensus for the year. But we have good projects. We need to finish our hydrocrackers, the hydrogen plants. Our capital spending will be somewhere this year between $3 million and $3.2 million. We'll see. It's all about timing. And then as we get into next year, as we finish those projects, our capital spending load could be just as high as we finish the hydrocrackers. So, right today, we're going to keep our resources. We think, at the end of the day, we will add much more shareholder value by completing all of these projects. And, Ed, you also mentioned acquisitions. Certainly today, the majors are putting some quality refining assets on the market, and we'll continue to look. But as Mike said in his notes to you that we are only looking for quality stuff that can provide real shareholder value. But today, there is opportunity. As I've said before, this management team demonstrated in the past that when we didn't see those opportunities, we bought our shares.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Thanks very much, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Terreson from ISI.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: On the refinery turnaround maintenance delays, which I think was part of Ed's question, is there any geographic segmentation of note, Ashley? Or would you call that kind of a system-wide situation in the first quarter?
Ashley Smith: Yes, the number in the first quarter, most of it was in the Gulf Coast, because that's where most of our turnarounds were.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Sure. Okay. And Bill, I wanted to see if you could provide us an updated view on the likely outcome and timing of the ethanol debate in Washington, if you have an updated view in specifically how the tax regime, the blending mandates, the import restrictions may change. And if you think that there are meaningful changes ahead against, in your view, the most likely implications for the market at this time.
William Klesse: Well, Doug, if it's okay, I'm going to let Gene answer that.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay.
S. Edwards: Yes, the blender's credit is probably the one that gets the most attention, whether that's going to be maintained or reduced. It's $0.45 a gallon today. In today's market, the ethanol producers are not really capturing it, because ethanol is selling $0.50 a gallon under gasoline right now even before the subsidy. So the blenders are really getting it. So they're actually getting the ethanol $0.50 under, cash at $0.45 blender's credit. They're actually capturing about $0.95 a gallon. We do capture that at our Retail locations, but it's a very small volume compared to the ethanol production we have. So I guess the way I would look at it, even if we didn't have the subsidy today, it wouldn't really change the economics because you still have the mandate and you have to produce some ethanol. Our plants are more competitive than those because of our corn advantage and the economies at scale that we have in our operating costs and such. So this is really not much of a factor. The Brazilian import duty, again, is kind of a nonfactor. Brazilian prices are higher than the East Coast. I think that's a similar message I had told you at the last meeting. So with high gasoline prices there, they're not in a position to be exporting. So right now, there's not a whole lot of policies that really would change our current economics.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot, Gene.
William Klesse: However, I would just add, we're in this business and the tax -- the excise tax credit is part of the business. And we look to continue to grow this business in the right opportunity. So it will be phased out over time, we're quite comfortable.
Doug Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I'm going to try a couple, if I may. First one is on crude charge. Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts out there in terms of where the best benefit is, but -- excuse me. Would you please give us an update on, across the system, how you're changing your emphasis on heavy discounted crudes versus the WTI fund to your domestic advantage, if you like. I appreciate the color on Three Rivers, but if you could widen that discussion across the whole system, that would be helpful.
Joseph Gorder: Well, Doug, it's Joe. I'll tell you, it honestly hasn't changed that much if you think about it. I mean in the Gulf Coast, we've got very strong heavy-sour discounts and improving medium-sour discounts. And so, it's to our advantage to go ahead and run those crudes to the extent we can. Obviously, our runs of heavy-sours were down in the first quarter. That was largely attributable to the turnaround activity in, most specifically, Port Arthur. But we haven't changed our view and our desire to go ahead and run heavy crudes where we can. As we mentioned before, we run as much WTI-price crude as we can in the Mid-Continent and in south Texas. And because we had the Ardmore turnaround, those volumes were down a little bit in the first quarter, also, to about 245,000 barrels a day. But our May refinery operating plan has those increasing again up to that 300,000-barrel range. And the other place that I'd mention is the West Coast. And on the West Coast, we've got, of course, the issue with AB32, the Low-Carbon Fuel Standard and the associated high-carbon-intensity crude issues. And what we've done there is adjusted the slate a little bit to avoid some of the absolute high-carbon-intensity crudes, and we're running crudes from different sources. So overall, I'd say those are the changes in the slates, but nothing material.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Joe, could I -- I would just ask you to elaborate a little bit. We've all focused, obviously, on the WTI discount to LLS or Brent or whatever benchmark you choose to use, but could you maybe just walk us through the mechanics as to how we end up with a Maya discount currently? On our numbers anyway, it's about $18 below LLS. How's that price set? And how sustainable you think that is even if WTI maybe narrows at some point.
Joseph Gorder: Okay, well, the price is a formula-based pricing, as you know. And 40% of it is high-sulfur fuel oil -- 3% fuel oil. And it, right now, is being very well supplied out of Europe. And in fact, high-sulfur fuel oil in Europe is at a $23 discount to Brent. So you've got a major component of the Maya formula that's weak. You have WTS as a major component of the Maya formula. It is also very weak because it's pricing off of WTI. And you got 2 sweet crude components, which make up, I think, maybe 20% of that formula. So if you look at the way it's priced today, the components themselves are what are driving those discounts to the higher levels.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So it's not just WTI, basically?
Joseph Gorder: No, it's not.
William Klesse: But it also relates to the supply that's in the market, because the suppliers of Maya or other heavy crudes are obviously looking at the supply/demand balance. So we're seeing more crude oil come out of Colombia; the Mexican Maya production has stabilized for the moment; we're seeing more heavy oil out of Venezuela; and we're seeing heavy, although it's sweet, crude coming out of Brazil. So the balance, as you look at it, is there's ample heavy crude on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which then contributes because the formula has a k factor that could be adjusted by discretion. So it is a supply/demand situation on the Gulf Coast.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right. Let me just try 1 final one. I'm not too optimistic on this one, but I'll give it a go anyway. So Pembroke, the Chevron refinery, there's obviously some other assets nearby that could be a pretty terrific bolt-on. Any thoughts as to how you might want to proceed on -- because I think originally you'd said more than 1 refinery in the U.K. would have interest to you. And I'll leave it there, thanks.
William Klesse: Well, I'm very open about the fact that, yes, we want to increase our geographic diversification here. We think we, with Chevron, have made a deal that works for both companies and that, that will be a real asset for us going forward. There are other things that are coming into market, and we'll take a look at them. But at the end of the day, I told you guys many times, Valero does not have deal heat. We are clearly looking for assets that will add long-term shareholder value. So you know what's for sale out there. We have all these confidentiality agreements. But the facts are, we will look at them, see if there's synergies and see if the value is there, ultimately giving us the return. But we will continue to look.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on Three Rivers. It sounds like you're going to be moving up to processing Eagle Ford crude up to about 60,000 barrels a day. If I'm not mistaken, I think the capacity on that facility is about 100,000. Is 60,000 the limit or can you continue moving forward beyond that down the road?
Joseph Gorder: Blake, the 60,000 is the limit without capital investment down there, without any kind of significant capital investment. So I mean that's just a logical number for us to get to, and we can get there fairly quickly because it's light, because of the light end. And Lane [Lane Riggs] could speak better too what would be required to run more. But it's 60,000 a day. We don't have any significant investment.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay. And then secondly, Bill, you kind of indicated that accumulating cash on the balance sheet is kind of the preferred method here going forward. And then as it relates to M&A, we've seen the equity prices kind of move higher. The implied, kind of, per-complexity-barrel valuation for the equity is fairly high compared to the M&A comps that we've seen out there recently, almost incentivizing potential issuing equity to do a deal. Would you -- would you be more open to that in this environment?
William Klesse: That is not our plan. We would not plan to issue equity on anything that we've been looking at.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I had a couple of things. I wonder if you could just highlight Aruba's operational and financial contribution to the quarter, statistically.
William Klesse: Well, Aruba -- Good question [ph]. Aruba has been a difficult startup even though we maintained our people and did maintain the plant. I will say that it was very, very difficult. We are now running there. We've had some issues, even here during the first quarter, and as we're going into the second quarter. Now do you have the numbers, Ashley?
Ashley Smith: Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Bill, was it profitable?
William Klesse: No, it was not.
Ashley Smith: Yes, it was not. We pretty much -- we prefer to report by region, and -- but it was not profitable.
William Klesse: Yes. So we don't give out the detail of that, but we're answering your question.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Well, what's kind of operating range do you average in the quarter, Bill or Ashley?
William Klesse: Yes, we could give you that.
Ashley Smith: Its average throughput was about 140,000 barrels per day.
William Klesse: Versus a 235,000 to 250,000 operating range.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. 1 for Mike, if I could. Mike, help me understand how you generated net cash of damn close to $1.3 billion. Was there a huge working capital liquidation? Was there something unusual about deferred tax? And what was the cash impact to closing out the derivatives?
Michael Ciskowski: Okay, the -- first off, on the working capital. We had -- if you look at our payables, receivables netted, we had about a $900 million increase in payable, which contributed to that $4 billion cash balance. We also had a small decrease in inventories that helped it there, but most of it was due to just payable increase. And then, we did close out the positions, and that was worth approximately -- I mean the $542 million. I don't have my change in margin for the quarter here, but it wouldn't have been significant.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Was that a cash outlay on closing those positions out, Mike?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, Mark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. 1 more, if I could, with respect to the $116 million maintenance impact. Is that showing up in expense? Or is it an opportunity loss? Or is it some of both? Can you...
Ashley Smith: Mark, that's opportunity, that's margin opportunity.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So, Ashley, there's no expense element?
Ashley Smith: Not associated with that number.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Ashley Smith: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International: I was curious if you could make -- give us an update on the Keystone XL project and what you're expecting there as they work through the permitting process. And is that project at risk giving -- given the new projects that have been proposed with the Monarch pipeline by Enbridge? And this morning, Enterprise is out with a project from Cushing to the Gulf Coast as well?
William Klesse: Jeff, this is Klesse. Joe is going to answer you, but really, all we're answer you is what TransCanada tells us. So to get the real facts, you ought to ask them. But Joe will tell you what we know.
Joseph Gorder: All right. So Jeff, you do know that this thing continues to be tied up in the political arena. And just going back in history a little bit, what we're dealing with is the EPA attack on the draft Environmental Impact Statement where they said that they needed to look hard at the additional oil sands development. The less [ph] oil sands crude would help reduce the U.S.A.'s dependence on oil. Well, on October -- or excuse me, on April 15, the State Department issued the supplemental draft Environmental Impact Statement on the pipeline. And this concluded that most significant issues were uncovered and that the draft EIS conclusion for the project would have limited impact and it was reaffirmed. So there was no change as the result of the supplemental work that was done. Then this draft goes up for a 45-day comment period that ends on June 6. And the State Department has reaffirmed that they expect to make a decision by the end of 2011. So in our conversations with those involved, we believe that the pipeline is still going to happen. And that is certainly TransCanada's position and that would be our position today, too. And if it does proceed forward, the schedule we're looking at would be Cushing to Port Arthur completed in the first quarter of 2013. And then, the Hardisty to Cushing would be completed in the third quarter of 2013. And the guys have continued to work on the materials and the right-of-away. And they've got the bulk of the right-of-way in place. I believe now they've got 75% on the Cushing to Gulf Coast segment and 83% on the piece that goes across the Ogallala Aquifer in Nebraska. So the project continues to proceed and we expect that it's going to get done. Now as far as these other projects to get crude to the Gulf Coast, I mean, I saw Enterprise's announcement this morning, and you mentioned the Enbridge lines -- the difficulty, Jeff, is in getting shipper commitments on the pipelines. And certainly, the advantage that the Keystone XL has right now is that they've got a significant number of shipper commitments which have made the project viable. And I'm not saying that those other pipelines won't happen or can't happen or shouldn't happen, but they've got some work to do to get people to commit before you can invest significant amount of dollars to do a pipeline like that.
William Klesse: There's a lot of oil being found though, and so it is our opinion that some of these projects, whether it's TransCanada's Keystone XL, they will happen. Just to give you a little reference, the Eagle Ford crude is around 70,000 barrels a day last year. And they're saying by 2016, it will be almost 500,000 barrels a day. You've seen numbers for the Bakken, which is now lower than 400,000 a day, is going up to 1.2 million barrels a day in 1 estimate. So where people couple of years ago said the Bakken would double, they're now talking about 3x out here in the 2016, '17 period. So there's a tremendous amount of crude oil that is going to continue to make its way, not so much -- not the Eagle Ford, but the other crudes even out in the Texas Panhandle that are going their way eventually to Cushing. And thus, there has to be an outlet. And so something will be done, and it's just going to take a little bit of time where new pipe has to be laid.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Thanks, Bill and Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jacques Rousseau from RBC.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I just want to see if you could give us an update on the FCC project at Memphis and St. Charles, and when you think they'll start adding to earnings.
Lane Riggs: Well, Memphis -- this is Lane Riggs. Memphis has already -- has been a great project, and we're -- part of that with reliability part, which is gross margin, and it's already been a really good operation and its...
William Klesse: And I think what is Jacques's talking about is we have the gas plant. Is the gas plant operational at Memphis?
Lane Riggs: It is.
William Klesse: Okay. So the gas plant is up so we...
Lane Riggs: Both cryogenic recovery liquids projects are up and running. And what's the second project?
William Klesse: Is St. Charles MSCC converted to a riser?
Lane Riggs: Yes. We, as I alluded to earlier, we'll confer the progress of completing that revamp right now. We're anticipating the start-up here in mid-May. But I think the number sort of we're counting on is about $120 million annually.
William Klesse: And remember, this will allow us, where we were running 12 to 18 months on these -- both of these kind of crackers, we'll now get a 4- to 5-year run on each of these. And converting the St. Charles cracker from a MSCC to this riser will give us 5 to 7 percentage points of yield improvement.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: 1 more question for you, please. Could you let us know what the turnaround schedule would be for the back half of the year?
William Klesse: We don't -- we're going to look it up for you here, but we really do not have any major turnaround in the back half, no. We're getting year-to-date.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again. We have the Corpus Christi HDS unit turnaround in the third quarter. And Corpus Christi will also have a crude coker in the sort of the later third quarter. And then, we have a Three Rivers crude vacuum FCC turnaround in the fourth quarter.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Margolin from Dahlman Rose.
Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Thanks for taking me. I guess this is a question for Joe. A lot of people talk about the limitations of moving crude around the continental U.S., but I was sure it's more about product. We've seen some pretty chunky gasoline draws over the past couple of weeks really focused in the East Coast. From the outside looking in, it looks like a utilization issue. What kind of excess capacity is there to put more products on Colonial or maybe some more from the Mid-Con [Mid-Continent] where refining margins are little stronger to make up what looks like a gasoline production gap? It doesn't seems to be really demand-driven. It just seems like a lot of capacity is off-line, presumably because of crude pricing.
Joseph Gorder: You're absolutely right. And we have seen more barrels moving up the Colonial pipeline and to the extent that they'd do without the line becoming prorated. The other thing you got to remember about East Coast market, and it's what makes it so competitive, is it's the destination for so many import barrels, whether they be becoming out of Canada or Europe. It is the home for that. And so we've had refineries down up there, Sun [ph] has had some operating issues. PBF is yet to get back up to full operations. Once they do, though, I think that situation will be remedied and those margins will adjust back.
Sam Margolin - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: A number of quick question. Mike, can you tell me some bunch of items, what is the market revenue of your inventory in excess of LIFO?
Michael Ciskowski: Okay, it's about $8.5 billion in excess of our LIFO.
Paul Cheng: Okay. How about working capital including cash?
Michael Ciskowski: Okay, total current assets are $15 billion, and current liabilities are $10.4 billion, so about $4.6 billion networking capital.
Paul Cheng: Right. And what is the long-term debt?
Michael Ciskowski: $7.8 billion.
Paul Cheng: $7.8 billion, okay. And Bill, in the -- I don't know your stat weight, how you rig it, in your Retail, you have a statistic looking at the fuel volumes, gallon per day per site. It looks like you're down about 1% year-over-year. Is that apples-to-apples? Or is there a change in the number, the difference sites and what we saw is not a really good one to read? Or do you actually see a 1% drop for your Retail network? And also there, can you give us some idea how April may trend?
Ashley Smith: Hey, Paul, this is Ashley. On the Retail volumes, that's actually pretty comparable. Apples-to-apples was, on the gasoline side, was down a little bit. But you got to remember, in our system, it's -- we're concentrated in the Southwest and we had pretty bad weather this year versus last year. We actually saw diesel same-store volumes up over 6%, so -- and if you look at recent data points, kind of weeklies year-over-year, they're starting to -- they are positive again.
Joseph Gorder: Ash, if I could, I mean, Street prices are very high, too. And so the fact that the demand has hung in there the way it has is pretty impressive. And Ash is right, we did have very poor weather, particularly in the north part of Texas. If you look at our South Texas operations though, we actually had -- sales increased in the quarter. So it was more of a regional issue than a broad issue.
Paul Cheng: And how about in April? Are you saying that the volume is actually back up? Is it now? On a year-over-year basis, is it up positively or that it's down? I mean the master cut [ph] survey and also the DOD over the last 6 or 7 weeks seems like suggesting that we're starting to see negative growth?
Ashley Smith: In our system, Paul, we've seen, like last week, year-over-year, was same-store -- it was up, it was positive.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And then, Gene, can you talk about the April export volume and how that's comparing to the first quarter average?
Joseph Gorder: Exports? Yes, Paul, this is Joe. Yes, I mean, in our first quarter, exports were limited somewhat, due to supply rather than lack of demand because we had turn around in Port Arthur and St. Charles, then we had some hock issues at Corpus Christi. But the arb [ph] to Europe still is open for distillates, and we continue to see supply/demand imbalances in Mexico, Latin America and Europe. Specifically, in the first quarter, we exported 65,000 barrels a day of gasoline which went to Mexico and South America. And then, our diesel exports were 165,000 barrels a day, with 75% of that going to Europe and 25% into South America.
Paul Cheng: And how about in April?
Joseph Gorder: In April, it looks like volumes are going to be above where they were in the first quarter.
Paul Cheng: Perfect. And Joe, you guys have announced a small expansion in McKee. Other than that, is there any other facility, like in Ardmore, Three Rivers, that you have opportunity to expand, that could take advantage of the discount crude?
William Klesse: This is Klesse, Paul. We're looking at minor work around condensates and NGLs between Three Rivers and Corpus Christi only because of what I said a few minutes ago about this tremendous increase in production that is happening in the Eagle Ford area. McKee, we've announced, although permitting is going to take us a little while. We don't have a plan here at the moment to do anything at Ardmore.
Paul Cheng: Right. Bill, is that because the cost would be too much because you need to expand a lot of different conversion units? Or that -- I mean, because given that this town -- that is, I'm a little bit curious that's why you didn't look at Ardmore?
William Klesse: You're exactly right. We can do this expansion at McKee and primarily tie it to the crude units, vacuum area. We have a capacity in the cat cracking and hydrocracker areas. And you get over to our -- for instance, in Ardmore, we would have to do work in the conversion units. And because we think this spread will narrow over time, that advantage dissipates. It still will be there though. We think there's a fundamental shift that we missed, that in fact WTI is going to sell for less -- WTI equivalents are going to sell for less than the foreign Brents or LLS, just for the transportation difference, but it doesn't justify the projects.
Paul Cheng: Sure. 2 final questions. 1, in office [ph] St. Charles and Port Arthur, the hydrocracker, is there any other major investments currently is under consideration? And secondly, after those 2 projects are up and running, how does that impact the crude slates in those 2 refinery? Or is it only the product yield that's going to be changed?
William Klesse: Let me do the first part first. The hydrocrackers, in and of themselves, do not change the crude slate. However, at Port Arthur, we have and are making investments. We've built a new crude line, we're looking desalter work, so that can run this Canadian crude oil, that as Joe said earlier, we expect to come to Port Arthur. So as far as that piece of it, it doesn't change anything. Well, as far -- at least outside of our plants already. We look at other projects around our system. Certainly, when we get Pembroke, we'll take a look at what's there. But basically, when -- as we look at it today, this is the projects we're trying to compete, and we go through our planning process but we are very focused on getting all of these projects done by the end of 2012.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital [Macquarie Research].
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Great. Thank you. Bill, I think you mentioned in your comments that your CapEx now is $3 billion to $3.2 billion for this year. Is that correct?
William Klesse: Correct.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: That seems to be up from the last guidance we heard. What exactly was the change there?
William Klesse: It's not -- it's probably the last thing maybe that you saw, but it is what I've been saying at the recent conferences that I've spoken at. And it's really a matter of some investments around Three Rivers as Joe mentioned. We've got a small, but it's $10 million -- we're putting in a truck rack. We're doing things like that. But it's really the hydrogen plants and the acceleration of the hydrocrackers. And of course, our capital spending is going to be up from the turnarounds. Remember, we include that in there and we, frankly, have overrun our turnarounds.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then next year, 2012, do you expect the same level of CapEx?
William Klesse: I do today, but -- and I've indicated that, but we're like everybody. We go into the planning process pretty soon as we really articulate our number. But for guidance, I would say it's going to be in this $3 billion to $3.2 billion range.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: And that does include some of the spending in McKee? And have you identified the cost on the expansion in McKee?
William Klesse: Yes we have, but I'm not going to tell you. And -- but it's a very good project. But right now, we have to wait for our permit and what's going on in Texas and our people working diligently with the TCEQ and -- but we have this CO2 issue here now. But we expect the permit will be issued eventually, and we'll get this project done. But this is not -- it's a very good project, obviously, with the discounts.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Joe, you mentioned some gasoline exports in the first quarter. Just more broadly, is this a growing trend out of the U.S. on gasoline exports? It looks like on the monthly BOEs, it shows -- it's showing a positive trend. And what are your thoughts on that end?
Joseph Gorder: Chi, I believe it is. And everything would point that way. We have very efficient operations in the Gulf Coast, which make us very competitive globally. And then if you look at the market conditions, I mean you got Mexico demand exceeding their supply and it's continuing to import products. They're up to 350,000 barrels a day of gasoline and 110,000 barrels a day of diesel. Petrobras has reported record domestic gasoline consumptions, around 400,000 barrels a day in 2010. And everybody believes they're going to need imports to satisfy their demand. Venezuela and the Caribbean refineries are having lower crude runs, which means that there's fewer barrels available there to export. And then even in Europe, we got the absence of Libyan grades which are affecting overall distillates production over there, and so that's tightening things up. And then, of course, we got the Chinese demand and so on. So I do believe that we're seeing just a long-term trend here that's going to allow Gulf Coast refineries to continue to export barrels.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: So you think this is going to be sustainable for a while here.
Joseph Gorder: We sure do.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Are your exporting out of the West Coast, by chance?
Joseph Gorder: We are not.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay. 1 final question, maybe for Mike. Does Valero still have crude hedges in place even after closing out the product hedges? And if so, do you have both the realized and unrealized impacts in the first quarter?
Michael Ciskowski: No, we've -- on those forward product sales, the crude hedges that were put in place in association with those have all been closed out and the cash has moved.
William Klesse: Yes. Now these are our, Chi -- these we believe the crack positions that we, the forward sales, and the crack. But we have positions -- paper markets are how we buy crude oil. So we have many positions on -- that are tied to physical barrels and differentials and everything else. But on where we forward sold, and I'll tell you, it was only 10% of our production -- forward sold the distillate and gasoline crack, they are all off.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Thanks, Bill, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Kohler from CRT Capital Group.
Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC: Great. Just following up on Chi's question. Do you have the ability to export from the West Coast? Or are you just basically deciding not to go ahead and do that?
Joseph Gorder: Limited ability to export, but also we haven't seen any demand pull out of the West Coast.
Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay, great. And then what if...
William Klesse: If you look at the cracks, you get the crack today and the gasoline out there is $30. And you look at the Gulf Coast crack -- if you actually look at the numbers, the domestic California consumption pipeline actual consumption is better than exporting.
Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay. And then could you just provide a little bit of additional color, if there is, regarding AB32? I know you highlighted a little bit during your remarks. But also sort of -- I know there were a number of issues that had to be resolved and whether those are being resolved or what the timing is on that.
William Klesse: Well, on the AB32, we've gotten -- you just want, like, a total picture here, Ann?
Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC: Well, 2 things. And I know that you had initially indicated that there were some minor costs that would be -- that would impact you here. But also there were larger issues that still needed to be resolved, I guess, by the California Air Resources Board in relation to the adoption of AB32. And I was wondering if there was any additional color on that or timing on that.
William Klesse: I'll comment, and Kim can add to it if she'd likes. We've got the bill, so we've paid -- I've disclosed somewhere in 1 of my conversations, that we would pay $5 million for the administration of development of the rules. We have received those bills from CARB, so we'll pay them. Some of the other programs, for instance, for stationary sources from our refineries, it's a little over 3 million metric tons. That fee really doesn't start to occur until about 2015 because they're giving free allowances, so we don't expect any real impact from that. And then what Joe commented on was this high-carbon-intensity crude oils, which is part of the LCFS [Low-Carbon Fuel Standard], and the facts are those rules still are being developed. And what Joe was indicating, he was anticipating those, and so we've not run some what we know will be or expect to be deemed high-carbon-intensity crude oil. But those rules are still being developed here. So it needs to wait and see. And then, on the mobile sourcing, so in other words, the burning of the gasoline or diesel fuel in your car, those rules do not take effect until 2015 as well. So here in the short run, the next couple of years, the only thing is the administrative fee we've got. There may be some minor expense depending on the free allowances for stationary. The high-carbon-intensity crude oil, we need to see what the final rules say, and that will really impact our crude selection if they follow through with it. But now, to give my commentary, I am optimistic that California is going to realize that this puts all of their refining and thus the jobs, the taxes and everything at a disadvantage to other imports. And I'm of the expectation that this high-carbon-intensity crude oil piece is actually going to get a lot more discussion before the rules actually come out.
Ann Kohler - CRT Capital Group LLC: Okay, great. And then, sort of a follow-on, I guess, would be looking at the EPA on the national level and their desire to look at regulating CO2. Do you have any sort of update on that or how do view that's going to play out.
William Klesse: Kim Bowers will answer you there.
Kimberly Bowers: Yes, Ann, the EPA is going forward with requiring CO2 permits now starting January 1 of this year. So, I mean, across our system, it's something we're going to have to look at every time we look at an expansion. In Texas, as Bill mentioned, it's more difficult because the state is going to be issuing permits and then we'll have to go to the EPA for separate CO2 permit. But I think we will encounter as well as everyone else in the industry, going forward with the CO2 coming from EPA.
William Klesse: But I know you guys like to get me going on this, but for all of you that have kids and you think about business, here we have projects that we're willing to do and we're having to wait for permits that are going to take us maybe over a year to get on CO2, that would put people to work, increase the tax base. This is a very serious issue that we have in our country.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisel Khan from Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: It's Faisel from Citi. Quick question. On the West Coast, the throughput volumes were a little bit lower than what you guys had guided to earlier. Maybe you elaborated on this in your prepared remarks today. I may have missed that.
William Klesse: Well, it's because the Benicia turnaround extended quite a bit. We had startup troubles after we finished the turnaround, and so we did not run the volume at Benicia.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, understood. And then, going from -- looking at your capacity numbers, you guys published in your 10-K for your refineries kind of this year versus -- or 2010 versus the previous year. It looks like there was a bit of capacity creep in those numbers, just curious what causes that kind of creep to take place.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, some of it is some debottlenecking projects, some of it just re-rating because certain plants -- we've done some things coming out of turnarounds. So they're just some minor little tweaks.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And those are permanent today?
Michael Ciskowski: That's correct, until we decide that something's not economic to run and it cuts capacity or some unit is no longer in good shape.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, got you. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Westlake from Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes, just 1 follow-on. I'm just curious if you've rerun of any of the maths on Chevron's acquisition? And also, the $1.8 billion of EBITDA uplift from your hydrocracker investments, given that we've -- well, we'll see what happens in Libya, given the strong global demand for diesel.
William Klesse: I'm going to let Ashley answer you on the hydrocrackers, because I know he's must [ph], but remember a big basis there is crude oil price or, a sense, of oil price versus gas price. And we don't see any real fundamental change on that, so we still view running the hydrocrackers, the volume lift you get through the -- the liquid volume lift you get through the hydrocrackers. And then they make a lot of diesel as the right project for Valero. I'm like everybody; I wish I had them today. But I also think it'll be prudent to stop them here, a year or so ago. Ashley, do you have...
Ashley Smith: Yes, Ed, on our publicly available and posted presentations, the most recent one had updates. And really, this is just using deltas on forward-curve pricing. And you look at the hydrocracker projects and using a recent forward curve, they contribute about $1.3 billion of EBITDA annually.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And the total program, sorry?
Ashley Smith: I'm sorry, what?
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: The total program?
Ashley Smith: Oh, it's up to about $1.8 billion. And that's depending on change – and how the forward curve changes. But it still, I mean, it's continuing to show, using 2011 forward curve, very strong EBITDA generation.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then Chevron refinery acquisition, presumably with it being complex and able to process heavier crudes and sour crudes and acid [acidic] crudes as opposed to Libyan, that should be advantaged and perhaps make more money on the forward curve there as well?
Lane Riggs: Well, it doesn't really process sour at this change [ph], but it does process some acid crudes. And I think the guidance we gave earlier on the presentation is still pretty close on Chevron.
Ashley Smith: On our publicly held conference call, the slides that accompanied that, that's still the best indication of earnings potential.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Great. Thanks very much, everyone.
William Klesse: Sure.
Operator: There are no more questions at this time, so this concludes our call.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thank you, John. And investors, I just want to thank you for listening to today's call. If you have additional questions or want more info, just contact our Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Joseph Gorder - Chief Commercial Officer and Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply William Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ashley Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company Cory Garcia - Raymond James Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Eli Bauman Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Chi Chow - Macquarie Research Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, my name is Andrea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Reports 2010 Fourth Quarter and Annual Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Ashley, you may begin your conference.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, our Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and John Bernier, our Executive Vice President. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported fourth quarter 2010 income from continuing operations of $180 million or $0.32 per share. This number includes a $36 million after-tax gain or $0.06 per share on the sale of our interest in the Cameron Highway oil pipeline and an after-tax loss of $80 million or $0.14 per share from the mark-to-market impact of positions related to the forward sales of refined products. Excluding those items, our results would've been $0.40 per share.  I should note that the loss from discontinued operations shown in the financial tables relates to the Delaware City refinery that was sold in the second quarter of 2010 and the Paulsboro refinery that was sold in the fourth quarter of 2010. The fourth quarter 2010 results from discontinued operations include a non-cash pretax charge of $980 million related to the Paulsboro refinery.  Fourth quarter 2010 operating income was $378 million versus an operating loss of $135 million in the fourth quarter of 2009. The $513 million increase in operating income was mainly due to higher margins for diesel and gasoline, plus better discounts for low quality feedstocks, all of which contributed to a 49% increase in refinery throughput margins compared to the fourth quarter of 2009.  Looking at the Gulf Coast margins versus WTI, the ULSD margin more than doubled from $6.33 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2009 to $13.22 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2010. The Gulf Coast gasoline margin increased nearly 50%, from $3.90 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2009 to $5.76 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2010.  Looking at the feedstock discounts, the Maya heavy sour crude oil discount to WTI expanded 40% from $6.72 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2009 to $9.40 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2010. Another way to look at this is as a percentage of WTI, so the Maya discount increased from 8.8% of WTI in the fourth quarter of 2009 to 11.1% of WTI in the fourth quarter of '10, which is a 26% improvement year-over-year.  So far in the first quarter of 2011, benchmark margins and heavy sour feedstock discounts versus WTI have been strong for this time of year. Compared to January 2010, Gulf Coast gasoline margins are up 75%, ULSD margins are up 152% and Maya discounts on an absolute basis are up 8%.  I should point out that while margins and heavy sour crude discounts versus WTI have improved from this time last year, WTI has been trading in a discounted range when compared to other light sweet crudes in the medium sour.  Our fourth quarter 2010 refinery throughput volume averaged 2.2 million barrels per day, an increase of 205,000 barrels per day or 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Refinery cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of '10 were $3.64 per barrel.  Cash operating expenses were lower than the third quarter and guidance, primarily due to a decline in energy costs. Our Retail and Ethanol segments also performed well and turned in excellent full year results.  U.S. retail had $19 million of operating income in the fourth quarter and $200 million for the year, making it the second-to-best year for our U.S. Retail segment.  Canada retail had $42 million of operating income in the fourth quarter and $146 million for the year, a record high for the Canada operation. Our combined retail operating income of $346 million for the full year 2010 is the second-highest year for our Retail segment.  Something I should note in Retail is that we have changed how we report our credit card transaction processing fees. To reduce the volatility in our expenses, these fees have been reclassified from operating expenses to cost of sales. This change decreases fuel margin and lowers operating expense, but does not affect the operating income. The U.S. and Canada retail operating highlights presented in our financial tables have been updated to reflect this reclassification.  Our Ethanol segment earned $70 million of operating income in the fourth quarter, making it the best quarter in 2010. We also achieved our highest quarterly production rate at 3.25 million gallons per day. For the year, the Ethanol segments set a record high, with operating income of $209 million.  Since the initial acquisition less than two years ago, our Ethanol business has generated a total of $373 million in operating income and $427 million of EBITDA, which is 56% of the plant's total purchase price.  In the fourth quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $164 million. The $25 million increase in G&A expense compared to the third quarter was mainly due to a $21 million increase in environmental reserves. Fourth quarter depreciation and amortization expense was $362 million, and net interest expense was $121 million. The effective tax rate on continuing operations in the fourth quarter was 46%, which was higher than the third quarter and our guidance due to the tax depreciation change that resulted in an unexpected tax loss, which required the reversal of previously recorded tax deductions.  With respect to our balance sheet at the end of December, total debt was $8.3 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $3.3 billion, and we had nearly $4 billion of additional liquidity available. At the end of the fourth quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio, net of cash, was 25%. Regarding cash flows for the fourth quarter, we paid $28 million in dividends and received $877 million in cash proceeds from the sale of our interest in Cameron Highway and the Paulsboro refinery. I should also point out that we received a $160 million note from PBF for the Paulsboro refinery that is due in December of this year.  Also in the fourth quarter, we issued $300 million of tax-exempt bonds related to the St. Charles refinery and capital spending was $629 million, which includes $125 million of turnaround in catalyst costs.  For 2010, our capital spending was $2.3 billion. Within this amount, we completed two major regulatory spending programs. One was the newly installed scrubber for the cat cracker and coker Benicia, which also included energy efficient heaters for the crude and vacuum units. The other regulatory program was to reduce benzene levels in our gasoline pool for the federal MSAT II rule that began this year.  For 2011 spending, our preliminary estimate is $2.9 billion, which reflects our decision to accelerate the Hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur in St. Charles to more quickly capture their economic benefits. The 2011, capital spending estimate incorporates significant turnaround activity in the first quarter and the early part of the second quarter at several of our refineries. The work includes significant reliability investments for a revamp of the St. Charles cat cracker and replacement of the Port Arthur coke drums. Following these turnarounds, we expect improved plant performance.  Our companywide focus on cost savings continued to yield results. In 2010, we achieved $225 million in pretax cost savings, far surpassing our original goal of $100 million, and bringing our cumulative cost savings over the past four years to $619 million.  Our 2011 goal is an additional $100 million in pretax cost savings. These efforts provide a valuable offset to increases and other costs that are a normal part of our business.  In summary, we made significant progress over the last year on our strategic priorities of managing costs, maintaining our investment grade credit rating, optimizing our portfolio and advancing our economic growth projects. In 2011, our focus continues on safely operating our assets, improving reliability, capturing more cost savings and continuing to evaluate opportunities to improve the competitiveness of our portfolio. Now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Thanks, Mike. For modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: The Gulf Coast at 1.31 million to 1.34 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 390,000 barrels per day; the Northeast at 190,000 to 200,000 barrels per day; and the West Coast at 210,000 to 220,000 barrels per day. The Gulf Coast rates include major turnaround activity at St. Charles, Port Arthur and Houston, plus it includes the effects of the recently restarted Aruba refinery that is continuing to build to planned rates. The Northeast consists only of the Québec refinery and the West Coast rates include the impact of a plant-wide turnaround at our Benicia refinery. The Mid-Continent rates reflect the impact of the plant-wide turnaround at our Ardmore refinery in March.  Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel in the first quarter. Regarding our ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation to be around $140 million. Net interest expense should be around $105 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $375 million. And our effective tax rate should be approximately 35%. Andrea, we will now open the call to questions. Andrea, feel free to prompt that we are opening the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Blake Fernandez [Howard Weil Incorporated].
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: You mentioned the disconnect between WTI and Brent. And I'm trying to just get a little more color on how you see that potentially benefiting the Valero system and how sustainable you see that and how that plays into the export arbitrage dynamic that's currently in place?
Joseph Gorder: Blake, good morning. This is Joe. Well, it is a little crazy out there, isn't it? I mean this morning, with the stats that we got, the already wide Brent WTI spread has increased a bit further. It's up at 1030 in the prompt month, so we continue to see a divergence there. If you look at what's going on, we've got high inventories of crude in Cushing, which are putting pressure on WTI, and then we've got strong demand for Brent, both from the Far East and it's pulling not only the Brent barrels, but also West African barrels. There's a high desolate yield in that crude and they've had a cold winter and so they're pulling those barrels. So there's been strength there. Now what we expect going forward a bit is that as the winter winds down, Chinese buying is going to pause for the lunar New Year and there’ll be some seasonal turnarounds and so we expect the Brent prices to decline here a little bit. However, the length in Cushing is going to continue to push WTI. Now if you look at what we're doing specifically, we’re running as much WTI as we can, and we're doing that at McKee, Ardmore and then we have barrels in Three Rivers at price off at WTI. So when I looked at what we did in the quarter, there was maybe around 300,000 barrels of WTI base crude that were running. So we're running as much as we can. And other than doing that, there's not much change to our crude slate.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: My second question was on M&A. Just want to confirm that I'm kind of looking at this correctly. I know you state you have over $3 billion of cash on hand at the end of the year. It seems to me that any kind of potential acquisition would be fairly easy to put together an accretive deal, given that, that cash is sitting there earning money market rates. Is it fair to believe that you would be using that cash balance in order to potentially put together a deal?
William Klesse: This is Klesse. If we did a deal, that will be true up to a certain size obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman.[The Benchmark Company]
Eli Bauman: Eli Bauman for Mark Gilman. You expect to blend ethanol up to the 15% level at 2011. And given your expectations, where do you expect REN charges to be versus 2010?
William Klesse: This is Klesse again. We do not expect to blend up to the 15% level until there's a much clearer picture, as to -- like the whole product identification, car warranties, and so frankly, we want some regulatory cover on that. We learned our lesson with MTBE. As to RENs, the future is our guess is as good as yours. However, today, it's still economic to blend ethanol. And that obviously impacts the value of RENs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: A question on the CapEx. I know you gave a range -- but I believe you mentioned you expect to accelerate the spending with that $300 million being in the strategic economic growth category. If you did spend to that 29 level, does that change the estimated completion dates or move those forward for Memphis, St. Charles or if you could talk maybe a little bit more about where the acceleration might be within your projects?
William Klesse: It's a good question. The acceleration is basically on our hydrocrackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles. Our plan has been to complete the Port Arthur hydrocracker by the end of '12, and what we're trying to do is move it up into the mid year. And then the other piece of it is to complete the St. Charles hydrocracker by the end of 2012. We've mentioned many times that we have now approximately $600 million invested in each project and to complete the hydrocracker only at St. Charles is another $600 million and to complete the one at Port Arthur is about $800 million and then there's some other stuff that goes around it so that you add about another $200 million at each site. So that ties out to the table that Ashley has given you all, but yes, it's to accelerate those projects and have them both done by the end of '12. It's not on the hydrogen plants we’re doing at Memphis and at McKee. We've had fast track the whole time in the first quarter kind of March of next year, we should have those done and operating.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: If we think about the cash balance question at 3.3. I mean, should we expect to -- if there's no acquisition to carry that cash balance as you know, the asset market really remains open and expanding? Or when would you consider returning to shareholders or either a buyback or even other internal projects? How should we think about that, as we move through 2011?
William Klesse: Well, we consider that all the time, as to the best use of our cash in the sense of a long-term shareholder value. So that's always on the radar screen. We're always looking whether we should increase dividend or buy shares or invest in our assets, but we are driven on long-term and that is a key part of our strategy. But generally speaking, we are holding higher cash, as I've stated many times, and we will tend to hold a higher cash balance than we have in the past. Now all that said, obviously we've been very open that we're looking at some of these assets that are on the market, and we intend to continue to do that because we do believe we can improve our overall competitiveness. This is a refining business. We get better access to the Atlantic Basin, with assets in Western Europe, so we're doing all of the things that we have talked about in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: It appears that you've sold some product forward and could you talk about your forward hedging and how much volume you've hedged of gasoline or diesel or how you've approached that?
William Klesse: What we have sold forward is approximately 10% of our estimated 2011 volume. It's not exactly ratable through all of the quarters, as we have different expectations as to each crack spread. And what we've done is sold the crack forward, okay, it's not per se the product. Obviously, we've made the wrong call. I won't deny that. We underestimated the Brent WTI spread. I won't deny that. We had been very successful doing this. I think some of you know this. But over the last five years, we've made over $600 million in what I call discretionary trading. We are marking it to market versus using hedge accounting. That's how we elected to do this and so we have our position. So it will impact our business this year. You can figure it out. These positions were put on last year. Clearly, we've had a much colder winter, so I would say so much for global warming. But the French strikes had a larger impact. As Joe mentioned a few minutes ago, WTI continues to be suppressed. Global demand has been good and so the year is starting out great and yes, we've hedged about 10% of our crack, but everything is looking so darn good. It's wonderful. But we did miss the Brent WTI going this wide. And Joe said that we expected to come down some and we do. There are issues in the market, but the forward curve also indicates it's going to come down quite a bit as well. So that's kind of where we are and I will acknowledge that it got so darn good and we love it but we have a position on, that’s not that great.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: You still get the benefit on the another 90%. Joe, on the WTI versus Gulf Coast crudes, what do you think the market reaction might be? Do you think reduction on product going up -- oil going up seaway into Cushing reduction of volume is going up cap line? You anticipate the industry will react to these differentials between WTI and the Gulf Coast and bring that back down? Or is this going to be a long-term issue?
Joseph Gorder: Yes. It's a very good question. I think it's going to be a longer-term issue. What we've got to do ultimately to get WTI back in parity is to have Cushing debottlenecked. And we've got length there today, and you've got more product that's going to be moving into Cushing from Canada. And so that market is going to remain long for some extended period. I think what we've got to do perhaps is quit looking at WTI as the benchmark by which to compare things because it's almost become irrelevant. If you look at the LLS relationship to Maya and Brent relationship to Maya, you maintain very much your normal relationships. It's only when you compare things to TI does it look distorted, and I'll give you an example. In 2010, the WTI, as a percentage of Maya, the discount was 11.6%. Today, it's 6.7%. But if you compare LLS to Maya, it was a 14% discount in '10. It's a 14% discount today. So what we're seeing with TI being so dislocated is cracks to some extent are being overstated. And we're looking at our business on a much broader basis because as I mentioned earlier, TI only really affects us on the three Mid-Continent refineries and we're doing everything we can to take advantage of that. But ultimately, to clean up TI, you're going to have to have Cushing debottlenecked and the crude's going to need to move out.
William Klesse: Jeff, I would add to that, that the industry has a way of taking out these arbs [arbitrage]. And so within the constraints of pipelining or transportation or trucking or railing, as these open up, you will see actions happen. Whether -- Seaway is obviously owned by individuals, Capline, you're going to see things begin to take away the arb, if it were to stay this high. But I would also point out that the forward curve doesn't indicate it's going to stay this soft.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: Are you trucking or railing Mid-Continent crude down into the Gulf Coast?
William Klesse: If it will stay over $10, you're going to see a lot of things happening.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, a little bit of a strategic question going into the maintenance here in the next couple weeks or the first quarter I should say. Typically, this time of year, I guess the industry thinks about coming out of the heating season, doing the turnarounds, then coming out in maximum gasoline mode going into the driving season. But of course cracks are significantly more attractive on distillate right now than they are in gasoline. So I guess my question is how does that impact your thinking as you move into the summer driving season? I guess what's behind this is I'm wondering whether things could actually tighten up in the gasoline front, if folks stay a little bit more skewed towards maximizing distillate. Can you give us some color on how you might think about that? That’d be great.
William Klesse: Well, I think gasoline inventories are adequate and my take on gasoline is we need to get people back to work. We need people driving. If you actually look at the demand numbers for gasoline, we had an uptick -- and I'm talking about the U.S. We had an uptick in the last couple weeks of December, but gasoline demand in and of itself is very comparable to last year. So it's going to come up a little bit, as the economy keeps improving, but we don't necessarily see gasoline and I've never represented to any of you that gasoline looks that great. Distillates look a lot better because it's being pulled so heavily from the world, and even with gasoline, there's been more export opportunities. But I think you were also asking, Doug, about turnarounds per se and yes, there's quite a few cat cracker turnarounds going on here in the first quarter but a lot of them end as you get into April. So those facilities are back in operation by then and then it's also for all of us in the industry, we schedule cranes, we schedule workforce, we schedule things like that. So even though we have very good cracks for instance, today, at least relative to WTI, the schedule implies that you just got to stick to it. And it's time for maintenance anyway.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So I guess, is it reasonable to assume then if you look at the system-wide, and I guess it’s not just a Valero question, it's an industry question. If you look at the system-wide in the U.S., we're running about 30% distillate yield right now, which is about the highest we've seen in a while. Would you expect any meaningful change in that over the next several months?
William Klesse: I don't think so. You obviously have economics to make diesel fuel.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Aruba, you brought it back on now obviously. Can you give us a kind of update as to how you're thinking about that facility overall? Is it strategic? Or is it really held for sale? And just some color around the operation would be great.
William Klesse: We are bringing it back up. We're not quite all the way, as Ashley stated in the comments. But that asset to us is a very good asset. There's a lot of advantages, excellent tax structure, excellent coking operation, excellent harbors, excellent relationship with the government, so there's a lot of potential there. But we have stated that the refinery needs investment; it needs certain types of conversion units, and what Valero would be interested in is finding a partner to work with us on that facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chi Chow from Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to expand a little bit on Doug's question on the distillate market. Bill, how are you viewing the sustainability of the global distillate market strength? And how do you reconcile that with the high inventory levels we're seeing here in the U.S.?
William Klesse: Well, I'll say a few things and then I'll let Joe add anything that he'd like to. Today, we are big exporter of distillates. There's a lot of draw. There's a cold winter. So seasonally, the volumes are generally moving to Europe. We've also sent some jet fuel to Canada, so things like that with the winter season here. What we have seen though, then as we move into our summer, we've had the ability to export volumes to other areas, South America and then down into the lower cone of South America. So the U.S. Gulf Coast refining industry can export and can export diesel and be competitive in the Atlantic Basin and that's what we've been able to do. We've also had gasoline that's primarily been going into the Gulf of Mexico region here export and that's been driven by some of the other refineries in the whole Caribbean, not operating, which has created an opportunity for us. And so, and you know all those places including Curaçao, the Isla refinery, which is still shut down. So we believe that we can export. We've said this for many years and that's why we continue to drive our cost structure down on the Gulf Coast because we think we can do it, but it does move around seasonally. Structurally though, Western Europe is somewhere between 500,000 and 600,000 barrels a day short of distillates. You want to add anything?
Joseph Gorder: No. I mean, I think that's a great answer.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: What were your export volumes in the fourth quarter for distillates?
Joseph Gorder: We did slightly over 200,000 barrels a day.
William Klesse: And we produced around 700 in the whole system. So you can see how much we are exporting.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Research: Mike, could you just go over that reclassification, the credit card fees again? I didn't quite catch that.
Michael Ciskowski: We moved the credit card fees from selling expenses up into cost of sales. So it's reducing our fuel margin a little bit and then taking out the volatility of our selling expenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cory Garcia with Raymond James.
Cory Garcia - Raymond James: Just in sort of relation to crude sourcing, I see you guys have obviously backed off your lighter sour barrels in response to sort of the narrow differential and the blowout in WTIs you guys already referenced. But just hoping you guys will be able to provide any commentary on how you see I guess the supply trend of the sour barrels, particularly in line of what’s happened in the Gulf and sort of Latin American supply. So just sort of pulling back on the lens if there's any structural thoughts, that’d be helpful.
Joseph Gorder: Gulf production and medium sour is somewhat stabilized right now, right? We're not seeing a lot of activity that's going to increase production anytime soon. But if you look at generally production of crude in the Gulf region, you've got a pretty good situation I mean, Pemex heavy sour crude production’s stabilized now. It’s about 1.4 million barrels a day. Colombia’s been increasing their production of heavy sour crudes. Brazil’s increasing its production and then ultimately, we'll have a [indiscernible] (49:28) plan in place, which will bring the crude down from the North. So if we look short-term now on an ongoing basis, things look pretty good. Longer-term, it looks even better for the prospects for heavy sour discounts and sour crude discounts in general to remain pretty good. The medium sours would be affected if we had any kind of increase in Saudi production. And obviously, you read yesterday and so did we that there's been some conversation around the fact that they don't want the prices to get too high, which may increase production to some extent, which then of course would put additional pressure on the medium sour discounts. But we're fairly comfortable with what we're seeing right now with sour crudes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Ashley Smith: Andrea, if there's no other questions, we'll be glad to conclude the call.
Operator: There are no questions.
Ashley Smith: Well, thank you for listening to the call today. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Gorder - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply Michael Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Marcogliese - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kimberly Bowers - Executive Vice President and General Counsel William Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ashley Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Paul Cheng Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, my name is Brandis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Report Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Ashley Smith, sir, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Brandis. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese, our COO; Gene Edwards, our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Joe Gorder, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply; and Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported a third quarter 2010 income from continuing operations of $292 million or $0.51 per share. Third quarter 2010 operating income was $571 million versus an operating loss of $238 million in the third quarter of 2009. The $809 million increase in operating income was mainly due to higher margins for diesel and better discounts for low-quality feedstocks, combined with higher throughput volumes compared to the third quarter of 2009. Diesel margins improved significantly versus last year. If you look at the benchmark, ULSD margin on the Gulf Coast, it increased from $6.97 per barrel in the third quarter of 2009 to $11.69 per barrel in the third quarter of 2010 or a 68% increase. The sour crude oil discounts also improved during the third quarter. The Maya heavy sour crude oil discounts to WTI expanded from $5.02 per barrel in the third quarter of 2009 to $8.47 in the third quarter of 2010. Another way to look at this is as a percentage of WTI, so the Maya discount increased from 7.4% of WTI in the third quarter of last year to 11.1% of WTI in the third quarter of '10, which is a 50% improvement year-over-year. So far in the fourth quarter, benchmark margins have remained relatively strong for this time of year. For example, the Gulf Coast ULSD margin versus WTI have increased from $5.83 per barrel in October 2009 to $12.91 per barrel in October of this year or 121%. Meanwhile, Gulf Coast gasoline margins versus WTI were strong early in the month, but have moderated recently. We are continuing to see good sour crude oil discounts with Maya discounts as a percentage of WTI holding fairly steady with the third quarter levels and are which 8% higher than October 2009 levels. Our third quarter 2010 refinery throughput volume averaged at 2.4 million barrels a day, which is in line with our guidance. Compared to the third quarter of 2009, volumes were up 136,000 barrels per day due to higher throughput at many of our refineries as a result of the better margin environment. Refinery cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2010 were $3.76 per barrel, which is favorably below our guidance. Cash operating expenses were higher then in the second quarter, primarily due to extra maintenance expense at Aruba and the Benicia. If you exclude the $35 million in extra expense for maintenance at Aruba in the third quarter, our systemwide cash operating expenses were only $3.60 per barrel, and our Gulf Coast cash costs were only $3.36 per barrel. Our company-wide focus on cost reduction is continuing to yield results. Since the beginning of 2010, we have achieved approximately $140 million in pretax cost reduction through numerous initiatives and great execution by our employees. We are on pace to reduce pretax cost by a total of $185 million in 2010, and our goal for 2011 is an additional $100 million in pretax cost reduction. As part of our efforts to reduce costs, we remain committed to improving our operating performance. We set goals and measure our progress using Salomon ranking, which are benchmark surveys across the refining industry that cover key operating categories. Salomon rankings are by quartile, with first quartile indicating that you are performing among the top 25% in the industry. We are proud that our Refining portfolio has achieved first quartile performance in 2010 in two categories: nonenergy cash operating expenses and personnel. Although we are second quartile in the categories of reliability, maintenance expense and energy efficiency, we are making consistent progress towards first quartile performance. Turning back to our third quarter results. Our Non-refining business segments also performed well. Retail nearly maxed last year's record earnings with operating income at $105 million, mostly due to increase fuel volumes. Our Ethanol segment had $47 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2010, which was slightly lower than the third quarter of 2009, but up $12 million from the second quarter of this year due mainly to an increase in Ethanol margin. In the third quarter, general and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $139 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $372 million, and net interest expense was $119 million, all in line with our guidance. The effective tax rate on continued operations in the third quarter was 38%. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of September. Total debt was $8 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.4 billion, and we had nearly $4.2 billion of additional liquidity available. At the end of the third quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 27%. Regarding cash flows for the quarter, we paid $28 million in dividends. Capital spending was $508 million, which includes $67 million for turnaround and catalyst expenditures. For the year, our capital spending target is $2.3 billion, and for 2011, our preliminary estimate for capital spending is $2.6 billion. This includes a $502 million decrease in regulatory spending being partially offset by a $305 million increase in sustained and reliability spending on projects that should improve our operations, such as coke drum replacement at Port Arthur and FCC maintenance at our McKee refinery. In addition in 2011, we plan to increase spending for economic growth projects by $525 million. As illustrated in recent investor presentations that are available on our website, we have several large projects that we estimate will provide significant earnings power using a reasonable set of price assumptions. In general, these projects capitalize on our outlook for relatively high crude oil prices and low natural gas prices. For example, the Port Arthur Hydrocracker project, which should be complete near the end of 2012 should generate $485 million of estimated incremental EBITDA and yield an internal rate of return of 21% on an unlevered basis. This is just one example of several economic growth projects in which we will continue investing over the next few years. Portfolio optimization also remains a strategic priority, and we continue to execute on this. In the third quarter, we announced an agreement to sell the Paulsboro refinery for $360 million, consisting of $180 million in cash and a note for $180 million, plus $275 million in cash for estimated net working capital and inventories. We anticipate closing this transaction in the fourth quarter. The potential sale of the Paulsboro refinery will result in a non-cash, pretax charge of approximately $920 million, and the tax loss will be $155 million. Also we announced an agreement yesterday to sell our 50% interest in the Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline System for $330 million, which we expect to occur in the fourth quarter. When completed, the disposition will result in a book gain of $56 million and a tax gain of $235 million. This system primarily consists of two crude oil pipelines running from the deep water Gulf of Mexico to the Texas coast. We believe the sale of this non-core asset will realize hidden value for our shareholders. At Aruba, we are continuing our maintenance activities and plan to have the refinery ready for restart in mid-December. I should note that these activities include many important improvements to the long-term reliability of the refinery, storage terminal and the docks. And in the first quarter of 2011, the Aruba refinery will be able to supply intermediate feedstocks to our Gulf Coast refineries during the planned turnaround. Now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Okay. Thanks, Mike. For modeling our fourth quarter operation, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast should be at 1.325 million to 1.375 million barrels per day, excluding Aruba; Mid-Continent should be at 410,000 to 420,000 barrels per day; the Northeast should be at 370,000 to 380,000 barrels per day, including Paulsboro; and the West Coast should be at 280,000 to 290,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.80 per barrel, including Paulsboro and the costs at Aruba. Regarding our Ethanol operations in the fourth quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day. And operating expenses should average approximately $0.33 per gallon, which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash COGS, such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the fourth quarter, we expect general and administrative expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $155 million. Net interest expense should be around $118 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $380 million. And our effective tax rate should be approximately 40%. We will now open the call for questions, Brandis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson [ISI Group].
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: Today's press release plus some of your recent commentary suggest that strategic actions may change your geographical footprint, that is to enhance competitiveness for the company. And on this point, I want to see if you can provide some updated insight into your strategic thinking, including any functional or geographical criteria that you deem important when thinking about your strategic outlook?
William Klesse: Doug, this is Klesse. Well, what I'm going to say on this, maybe it's a little bit longer than what the question you asked. Valero, we're a refining company. You guys recommend us. Our investors invest in us. They want exposure to the segment. We refine products and commodities. We believe that we can add shareholder value to profitable growth. Expanding our footprint will help us perform more profitably, hence we optimize our system. It also will support our trading efforts in the sense of an asset-backed trading portfolio. Our focus of late is obviously Europe. And since you guys know what assets are for sale, it's obviously the U.K. But Europe is a large market. It is long gasoline, short diesel. We've said in many of our presentations that we've been exporting diesel to Europe. The U.S. is still importing gasoline. At some capacity, we'll have to shut down, but other capacity, we'll survive, and it will prosper. We have one advantage, being large, in the sense that we get to look at our portfolio and we can see the variability among assets. The quality assets that's coming to market in this round of announced assets for sale is much better than what we've seen previously in the Western Europe, U.K. markets. We still expect to see even some more assets come to market, especially as some of the majors are beginning to question the integrated business model that they followed in which you guys have already been questioning whether the integrated business model is the right model going forward. Valero is unique. We're different than all the rest of the independents and that we're very, very large. And so we think there's opportunities, and we've said this for the last several years that we keep looking. And now with the quality assets on the market, yes, we're actively looking at.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: And so that's Europe and not Asia, Bill. Is that the way to think about it?
William Klesse: Yes, it is for today. We are fully aware the growth in the world is Asia. And new refineries are going to be built in Asia because this business is going to keep growing worldwide. But we don't see the opportunity there at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Just on the debts. I guess last quarter there, the strong results and the debt coming down, the focus was on sort of dividends and buybacks. I guess, you've announced the another $700 million of disposals. Can you give us an idea of what kind of disposal proceeds you're targeting for 2011 and how you're thinking about perhaps the dividend and buyback as that debt level comes down?
Michael Ciskowski: Okay. In 2011, I mean, we do have a $2.6 billion, as I talked about, in capital expenditures. I would not anticipate that, at this point in time, our dividend would be materially changed from the level that it is today as we move into 2011.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And then a follow-up just on the tax rate, actually. You talked about a 40% tax rate, if I heard you correctly, in Q4. I presume that's related to Paulsboro and book losses and taxes. Maybe just some words on the underlying tax rate that you expect going forward?
Michael Ciskowski: This is Mike. Our 40% guidance there that does not -- what is happening there is we really expect a loss at Aruba due to the restart costs and expenses the we have. That's a little bit larger than what we've occurred in the past. And so that's the tax effect of that very low rate, and so it is causing our overall rate to go up a little bit.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And so as you look forward and strip that out, the underlying tax rate, you would expect to be...
Michael Ciskowski: It would be more in the 36%, 37% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Obviously, a pretty strong signal on acquisitions, Bill. A couple of years ago, you issued some equity in anticipation of a deal that didn't go through. Would you anticipate you would need additional equity or you're already in good shape given that situation?
William Klesse: Yes, we did issue equity on an acquisition that we did think was very good, and obviously, you looked and thought it was good, too. But on this right now, we have, as Mike said, $2.4 billion of cash. We just said that we have about $700 million coming in on these asset sales assuming that they close since we expect them to close here in the fourth quarter. So it just depends on what the deals look like. But obviously, we have lots of financial resources here. But as I've said many times in the past, our investment-grade credit rating is very important to us, and we intend to keep that as well.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you maybe give us an idea on what your ceiling on debt-to-cap would be, Bill? Where are you comfortable going to on debt-to-cap?
William Klesse: Well, I'm not going to give up the investment tax, the investment credit rating. And so we will manage the entire process.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a little bit of color on the dynamics of what's going on in diesel right now. We're seeing some pretty interesting, I guess, relationships with the dollar with Brent on diesel. And I'm just wondering if you could give some color as to how the export market is looking right now, how the exporting dynamics are playing in and really what your prognosis is for diesel in light of a potential weak dollar as we move into 2011?
Joseph Gorder: All right, Doug. This is Joe. Our diesel exports have continued to be strong. In fact, all of our product exports have been strong. We've averaged around 165,000 barrels a day of diesel [ph] through the quarter. It looks like it's going to be a similar levels going into the fourth quarter. Gasoline actually picked up in the third quarter, and we're doing about 65,000 barrels a day there, and we expect that to continue also. So generally, the export markets have continued to be strong. Going forward, what do we think? Well, yes, you still got global demand for products that's growing faster than our U.S. demand. You still have some supply issue with Venezuela struggling. Mexico demand continues to exceed their supply, and so they're importing products. We're seeing more diesel [ph] now going down to Brazil, and their economy has been very strong. During the second quarter, Brazil imports reached almost 200,000 barrels a day. And then we expect that they could be importing gasoline here at some point in the future. And then you've got just these, well, temporary issues like this French strike that took place, which we don't see it having a major impact on the market. I would tell you, I think what we've seen is that it's probably supported the New York Harbor market a little bit. And then perhaps longer term, there'll be a restocking that takes place as they depleted some of their reserves. But for other than that, we just don't see much. So I mean, that's really where these export markets are, they've been very consistent, and I don't think really that's going to change.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: One quick follow-up related on CapEx. With Paulsboro gone, you guys have normally talked about, you said, $1.5 billion maintenance capital level. With the asset sales done, what's that number going to look like going forward?
Michael Ciskowski: Well, I think, clearly, we're in the $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. And I've given that number to people that have asked me. If you actually got down, we finished the conversion of the St. Charles cat, and we've replaced our coke drums that we're doing at Port Arthur and then eventually at St. Charles in Wilmington. When we're done with all of that stuff, you stay in business caps and all, within the range of $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, very, very close to the company's DD&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: You highlighted that for this time of year, margins are very strong. I think in certain regions, they're actually at the highs that we've seen for the past 10 years. I'm assuming that you would say that the single, biggest reason for that is the export trend that you've just talked about. Could you provide us any more detail on those experts results in terms of destination? You mentioned the countries. But if you could just go over the numbers in terms of about how much is going where? And I thought it was interesting what you said, by the way, there isn't any near-term impact from Europe, the French strike. But I guess that you wouldn't expect that until they can restart importing product. Do you think if...
Joseph Gorder: That's right. I think they've been drawing down what they had in inventories to this point. They wouldn't be able to bring imports in anyway because the ports were closed. And if I can be generic on the volumes because, again, I think Doug asked this out of curious analysis [ph] from the last call that we'd really rather not be specific, but I can tell you right now that our exports are primarily headed to Europe, and then some lower volumes to South America. Probably, if we were to say a 75-25 split, that would be a fair assessment. And if you look, we talked about the fact that they may continue going forward. Last year at this time, we had significant amount of inventories being stored on the water. Those inventories are down today, and we are very strong here South America where they pull volumes. And winter is coming in the rest of the world. So just looking at the outlook right now, it looks like things have shaped up pretty well internationally for this growth to be strong. If you look more domestically where our demand is up from last year and we're seeing data that supports increasing activity, truck tonnage is up, rail productivity has increased, and all these serve as leading indicators for industrial growth. So I would say that we certainly think things will stay supported for the time being.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes. I mean, I would have seconded you by saying that given the demand right here right now, although improving still looks very weak. It's surprising that we've got such strong Q4 margins, Q3 and Q4 margins.
William Klesse: Paul, we can see you're searching for this, so I'll give you a little more data. We've seen very strong German demand. The number a days of diesel looks pretty good. Inventory relative to demand, we've got a lot of turnarounds. Now this is a little data, but it's the last data I've seen. At our Long Beach, LA harbors, we're up about 25%, August-to-August. So as Joe said, we've seen some domestic demand pickup, too. Now we would expect some of that to continue, so the question becomes are these stocking for the Christmas holidays or these are actually solid economic growth? But clearly, that was up significantly in August. And then you've seen data which spills [ph] over into cars as well, but the data come out with [indiscernible] has actually increased in the United States as well. So between Germany, between the French, between some of the South American countries and some domestic activity here and then the turnarounds, diesel has continued strong. And quite frankly, gasoline cracks, they're down from where they were a couple of weeks ago, but they're still not that bad.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Moving on to what do you think on cost. Could you say more about how important low natural gas prices are for you and your OpEx? And if you could, to whatever extent you can, split out more detail on the improved cost performance, particularly with reference to that natural gas. And I'd also be interested by how you see those as relatively more or less exposed in the low natural gas prices against any other refinery?
William Klesse: Well, I let these guys answer here. But in the third quarter, I think we consumed basically 22%, 20-some number here. But anyway, every dollar wound up being $0.10 a barrel, right?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, it's typically, our energy cost on a quarterly basis, our total energy cost which typically ranges from low 20% to low 30-something percent of our refinery operating cost. The energy portion is [indiscernible] the NYMEX, natural gas [indiscernible] products. For each dollar change in NYMEX, it's about $35 million a quarter, $35 million to $40 million a quarter. So I don't know how you want to look at it, you can do the math yourself. But that's what I could put here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: You guys have commented on the importance of the credit rating. You're on negative watch. Could you highlight what the credit agencies are focused on and what you can do to alleviate their concerns?
William Klesse: Yes. I mean, I think they're just focused on the state of the industry in general and the recovery of the economy. And I think they're primarily concerned about those types of things. Specific to the company, they're not concerned about anything at this point in time. They've affirmed our ratings here recently, but they left the outlook at negative. And I think that's more of an indication of the industry.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: Are there any metrics in particular that they're focused on keeping you within?
William Klesse: They're more focused on the coverage ratio. They don't look like as much at the debt-to-cap, and they're more focused on the debt-to-EBITDA and the interest coverage.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: On a second topic, I was wondering if you could comment on your expectations for the Keystone Pipeline expansion from Cushing to Port Arthur? I believe that is tied with your capital investment at Port Arthur. And how you see that progressing?
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Jeff, this is Joe. Obviously, the issue with the pipeline has been the government permitting here. And we've seen some encouraging news here over the last week or so. The State Department, I think, has come to a conclusion that Canadian crude is really important to our national energy security. Hillary Clinton in a speech just a week or so ago made a comment that although she's not signed off on the permit for the project that she is inclined to do so. And the following day, four of the international labor unions, which are representing a significant number of workers, tell that or urging the State Department to approve the permit to Keystone. So we expect now that sometime after the elections, we're going to see that presidential permit getting executed. It might be as late as the second quarter of '11, but we expect it to happen. Now that was just about three to six players of the original plan, which have [indiscernible] being completed by the end of 2012. Now we're looking probably at quarter 2 of 2013. And just by way of an update on the status of the project, they've got 100% of the pipe into pump stations that have been purchased. 60% of the right of way for the entire project has been taken care of, and the 75% of the piece from Cushing to the Gulf Coast is in place. The labor contracts have been signed. The construction contracts are close to being awarded. And so everything is just proceeding as we would expect. Now the link from Cushing to Port Arthur, which is the one we're interested in is going to be complete about the second quarter of 2012. Now that would bring a certain volume of the heavy sour Canadian into the market for us to be able to run it at Port Arthur in advance of the completion of the overall Keystone, which again would be the second quarter of '13.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: What's the capacity that would be available to Port Arthur in the second quarter of '12 and then for the second quarter of '13 as well? How do those compare?
Joseph Gorder: Jeff, the capacity from Cushing to Port Arthur is somewhere around 450,000 barrels a day. Now I don't think it will run at that kind of rate because you're not going to have the supply in Cushing yet at that point in time to drive the volume. I really don't have a good answer for you short term. I would guess maybe 100,000 a day when that segment comes on that ultimately going up to that 450,000 mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Any update on the potential TCEQ settlement discussions? I know some of your competitors have settle there with the EPA. And I'd love to hear Bill's views on California Prop 23.
Kimberly Bowers: This is Kim. But Bill came over there and annnounced with EPA last Friday. And we are still reviewing that now, but we are very actively working with TCEQ [indiscernible], and we anticipate that will happen before the end of the year. So things are moving well there, and discussions are progressing at this stage.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And Kim, do you think recent settlement arrangements have been becoming the accurate zip code for cost? Or do you have any estimates that you could share with us there? Range?
Kimberly Bowers: At this stage, I don't know that we see any additional costs coming with our new costs [ph] in process. I mean, you administer deposits that is going through it, but no capital will be seen.
William Klesse: On AB32 and then Prop 23, of course, if I said what I really think I'd get into trouble. However, Governor Schwarzenegger and the Mayor of LA, they don't see any problems with APEC. But for those who don't know, AB32 is a cap and trade, low-carbon fuel that reduces it back to 1990 levels [indiscernible] power where 1/3 has to be renewable. It is really an anti-fossil fuel law. It was only 13 pages, but it's more seem to have very large potential impact. If we fail to win Prop 23, the cost to the consumer in California is clearly going to go up. And I guess we'll get the opportunity down the road to say, "We told you so." And it will all be passed through to the consumer as the companies aren't going to able to absorb this or they're going to go out of business or makes the playing field on level with imports. Valero has 1,600 employees in California because people ask us why are we involved. We employ on average about 900 contractors permanently. We've invested this year in California about $500 million. Our investment in California is $3.8 billion. We pay taxes. We pay property taxes of $27 million, sales and use taxes of $20-some million. So obviously, we are in California as a good neighbor, and some of the [indiscernible] are extremely disappointing. The opposition has been able to characterize this issue as Texas oil companies. We've been flattered as I'm sure Tesoro is that we're now a big oil. We thought we're independent. This is about George really [ph] on dirty companies and dirty polluters, yet this is about CO2. It's not about other stuff, it's CO2. We talked about the green -- the opposition talks about the green industry, and I'll say to you what jobs? If this continues, the jobs are going to be in Nevada, Arizona and China. The building trades in Northern California have unemployment in the range of 30%. Those are real jobs for real people. I'm surprised no one really asked why the Silicon Valley and venture capitalists are throwing so much money at this. They have though been able to shift the debate away from the consumer impacts to the issues I just mentioned. People really don't understand that this is a CO2 regulation bill. It is the first law in the United States that's actually addressing this. But we'll see what happens when people vote on Tuesday. And for anybody listening to the call because we have a lot of people on this call, if you're in California, I hope you do vote. And for some of the companies that I know listening to this call, for the ones that are [indiscernible] on this issue, we appreciate your help.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: How about New York? I don't know if that's going to help you though.
William Klesse: No, I don't think that will help, but we get a lot of people listening to this call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Was Paulsboro profitable in the third quarter, Mike?
William Klesse: I'm going to answer that. We give out data that deals by regions, and we continue to do that. Obviously, the cracks were better in the second quarter. You can look at our regional data. But historically, we don't give out this kind of data. So we realize that there were a lot of quotes made the other day, but that's not the way we do it.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Bill, have you reached a definitive decision barring any massive changes in the environment to restart Aruba when the maintenance is completed?
William Klesse: Same definitive, I suppose, can be a little bit of relative term. It is our plan to start up when we finish middle to end of December or early in January. From a supply chain perspective, it works for us. We're actually short jet in our system here, the way we do our marketing. And we'll also be short cat crack charge stock or VTO [ph] in the first quarter because of our turnarounds we've got going at Port Arthur. So as long as the markets stay relative to where we are, and our perspectives stays where it is, yes, we're going to start up. And I have maintained that decision will be made as we get closer to when the maintenance is completed. We'll wound up [ph] having to complete a rebuild a player there, replace the player that slowed down or at least extended our maintenance effort.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Bill, at a more strategic level, given your bullish diesel outlook, amongst the slate of potential growth-oriented projects, is there any consideration being given to a hydrocracker in Texas City?
William Klesse: It has been, not today. What we're going to do is finish the two hydrocrackers that we're half done with, and they are extremely large-capital projects. We've given a lot of data out to the market here over the last several presentations. But basically, Port Arthur, I think, is $800 million to finish and St. Charles is $600 million to finish on top of the other stuff. And we're going to check those numbers, but I think they're right. And so we are playing here [indiscernible] just to finish those projects. We've also added a couple of hydrogen plants that have excellent economics. Go ahead, Rick.
Richard Marcogliese: Mark, let me just say a couple of other comments. We actually installed or mount hydrocracker in our Houston refinery in 2007, which actually serves both Texas City and Houston. In addition, Texas City already has on the ground one of our largest gas/oil hydrotreaters in the system. So it actually has very good hydro processing capability today. And so that's why we don't have an investment targeted there in a way we've already made the investment for both Houston and Texas City.
William Klesse: Yes, we saw that in hydrocrack field in [indiscernible]. I just comment because Aruba gets a lot of conversation, so let me just go back there. And you just mentioned, this is a decent asset with good potential, good people. We've got a good harbor, great logistics. The business environment under the current Prime Minister is much better. I think they found out tourism isn't something that you can always count on. It's much better. We have -- and I'm going to say a business-friendly relationship there. And looking at some of the policies, we got a question on the flex permits earlier. But if you look at some of the policies that happened in the United States today, maybe Aruba is even more business-friendly than in the United States. So we think there is value there, and we're positioning ourselves to target Brazil.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Mid-Continent margins were quite a bit stronger than what we were looking for. I was wondering, did the crude slate changed appreciatively, particularly are there any more WTI in that region than the case previously?
Michael Ciskowski: I don't think it changed appreciably, Mark. I mean, we ran as much WTI as we could.
Joseph Gorder: Mark, one other factor. In April this year, we completed the revamp on the Memphis cat cracker. So to the extent we had better realizations in the third quarter, we had better operating performance at the Memphis plant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Mike, can you tell me that some balance sheet items, what is market value of your inventory in excess of LIFO? And what is the working capital, including the cash?
Michael Ciskowski: The market value in excess of our LIFO is $4.9 billion. Current assets, about $11.9 billion. Current liabilities, about $8.2 billion, and our net working capital there is $3.7 billion.
Paul Cheng: That's just including the cash, right?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, it is.
Paul Cheng: And my understanding, [indiscernible] thinking a loss or trading gain or loss in the quarter?
Michael Ciskowski: We have about $16 million in profits in the quarter.
Paul Cheng: $16 million.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, sir.
Paul Cheng: And this is for Rich. Rich, can you share with us what is the spring 2011 turnaround schedule may look like?
Richard Marcogliese: Sure. And we issued a press release on this, but let me add a little color to it. We have a very heavy turnaround workload planned for the first quarter of '11. We'll have a plant-like turnaround at the Benicia refinery, that will be in January. It would be about 36 days. We'll have a very large turnaround in Port Arthur. We'll take down a large cruise train and the coker. This turnaround will last 55 days or more, and it is basically set on the project to replace all six cokers. We also have a very large cat cracker revamp at St. Charles. This will be in the February, March time frame. It will be 55 days or longer where we are actually gutting and rebuilding about half of this, and all the second cat cracker are going to converted to more or less conventional riser FCC. We have a yard, more plant-wide turnaround in March. That would be 40 days long. And then we have a hydrocracker turnaround at McKee in March, 24 days in duration.
Paul Cheng: And then a final one maybe for Mike. In addition to the Cameron Highway Pipeline that you guys sold. Is there any additional pipeline asset that is sitting on your portfolio?
Michael Ciskowski: We have some logistics assets, but they're not material like the Cameron Highway System.
William Klesse: Well, the main difference with Cameron Highway is we have pipelines. We have gathering systems. We have an interest in the pipeline between McKee and El Paso. There are several assets down in the Port Arthur area. But the Cameron Highway Pipeline was not a strategic asset to us. And it was clearly worth more to an MLP. So we have a non-strategic asset worth more to the MLP and so that's why we took action.
Paul Cheng: And since you talked about Aruba, is there any update about the potential sales or any negotiation that you can share at this point?
William Klesse: There is no update. We're focusing on exactly what I answered for Mark earlier.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Bill, you've been pretty candid about you're kind of stance on the macroenvironment. And I'm just curious, with the new CapEx budget going into next year, including some growth in spending, would you characterize that as kind of a more kind of constructive outlook on the macro? Or is that really just a function of capital being deployed on the balance sheet, which is contributing in the idea of just going ahead and pushing that forward and finishing up those projects?
William Klesse: No, I think next year is going to be better than this year. We still believe and I'm told all the time, we're having an economic recovery. Valero sells fuel. I think if you look at least our 2009 data, 81% of our output is gasoline, diesel and jet. So we're fuel, and so we need people back to work. We need people driving their cars and trucks moving and people flying. So we see the economic recovery happening, it's just slow. So we think our margins will be good next year. We think we'll have a better year than we've had this year. And this year, considering it's worked out reasonably well. So with that in mind, we believe that. Now on the hydrocrackers, if you look at the world, diesel fuel is growing at least 2x faster than gasoline's growing. It's already a 25 million barrel a day business in the world versus gasoline in the 22 million or 23 million barrels a day. We've mentioned that of the U.S. Gulf Coast, we believe we can export. And these hydrocrackers, well, let me add one other point, you can see that the diesel [ph] crack today is at least twice the gasoline crack. It may be almost 3x the gasoline crack in the Gulf Coast. So it's clearly advantageous to make our growth spec relatively [indiscernible] for diesel. That part said, we also believe, as Mike said in his speaker notes, that natural gas prices are going to stay low for the foreseeable future. And in a hydrocracker, you convert a natural gas to hydrogen and you put the hydrogen in a hydrocracker, we get a liquid volume gain of about 30%, 25% to 30%. So in a way, it's a gas-to-liquids operation. So we see these projects as good value-added projects for our shareholder. We already are basically halfway into them. All the equipment sitting at the site. So we think it is on our shareholders' interest to finish these. So between the economy getting better, selling fuel, diesel, thinking natural gas, we think they're the kind of projects that we think we were right on. We just weren't anticipating the collapse in 2008.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: There's been some recent announcements on the build-out of like compressed natural gas to fuel the trucking fleet with natural gas. And I'm just curious for, one, have you looked at any of that for your retail sites? And secondly, does that cause you any concern on potential [indiscernible] demand growth into the future as far as that aiding into that growth?
William Klesse: We have not looked at that for our retail sites. Would be a concern? It's not a concern in the near term. But we did say, I just said, we see natural gas at very low numbers relative to much, much higher oil prices, so there is an economic incentive there. But we'll have to see how that develops, and then you almost get into the fixed-base operation where trucking, it needs to come back to a place where you can refuel because to build the infrastructure in the marketplace, it's going to take no lot longer. There is an economic driver there, I'm sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chi Chow with Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Bill, I don't mean to open the can of worms for you on this, but on Prop 23, it certainly looks like the recent polls indicate that the measure is not going to pass. So in that scenario, how does Valero respond to the cap and trade provisions and the low carbon fuel provisions of AB32? And how do you see the situation playing out in the state?
William Klesse: Well, I'm not going to see the price point [ph] until Tuesday night. And so unless the voters vote -- but then as to the second part, we're in business in California, it'll just continue. And we'll see what the actual regs look like, and then we'll take actions around them.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: How concerned are you? And can you meet the low carbon fuel specs as they are laid out right now going forward?
Richard Marcogliese: Well, I mean, to a certain extent, some of that is substitution with electric. I mean, it's more of a fuel mix question than it actually would be a refinery production.
William Klesse: I guess, we can't really answer you very well here. Rich gave you -- we don't have the rules or regulations or how it's all going to work. I mean, in a way, the low carbon fuels is an electric car mandate, okay. So I mean, we just have to let this play out, Chi. I guess, we're not giving you good answer because we don't have one.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Maybe one final question on the Ethanol side. How do you view the current situation of the Ethanol subsidies and the import tariff renewals?
Richard Marcogliese: First of all, I guess, our Ethanol margins improved a lot from the second quarter to the third, and we even seen further improvements going to the fourth quarter. And even though corn prices are up, they're up to about $5.60 a bushel, ethanol prices, they've been even faster. It's been good demand. Ethanol is now selling above gasoline by about $0.35 a gallon. So with the $0.45 blender's credit, it's still possible to win by about $0.10 a gallon. So we're seeing our margins do quite well. The demand is up. And as far as the be E15, I don't think that's going to have any short-term impact at all because the warranty situation, and that is really good for 2007, newer cars, it's kind of a problem. Retail has offered multiple grades. So I think E10 is going to be the predominant fuel over the near term. As far as the import tariff, $6.25 a gallon, I think it's irrelevant. We're seeing no imports today. Brazilian ethanol is actually more expensive than U.S. ethanol even without the import tariff, so it's kind of a nonfactor. If anything we're seeing, this export of ethanol, may be into Canada, some into Europe because the U.S. is really the lowest ethanol prices around. So all in all, I think the business is doing good just on economic alone. The subsidy is not really a factor today, so there is blending economic, and the tariff is not a factor because of Brazilian ethanol being more expensive than U.S.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: And do you think that situation carries forward, that if, again, both of those, you mean, nonfactors?
Richard Marcogliese: Well, at some point, if Brazilian ethanol were to get really cheap or they expand their capacity more than their local demand. Yes, potentially, it could come here. But I don't see that happening over the near-term. Their demand keeps going up faster than their supply to us. So I don't see that changing over the near to intermediate term, long term. As far as the subsidy, most of this year, yes, ethanol is actually cheaper than gasoline. So the subsidy is really not a factor today. It allows the blender to capture some of the tax that ethanol is selling above gasoline. It goes back and forth. So I think the fact that mandate is actually higher so the ethanol plants will have to run and have to have margins to run. It always emphasize the fact that our plans, given the corn bill, we don't have drilling cost to get the corn bill market. We actually buy our corn, our actual corn caps right now is about $30.50 per bushel under the seedbox, which gives us about $0.11 under the seedbox right there. And if you look at some of these destination plants, they have to actually rail the seed from Chicago area or the Midwest to destinations. They're paying above the boxes. I feel like we have at least $0.20 a gallon margin advantage over the ethanol plant. So I think that we've got a very low cost base in our plants. We are taking advantage on location and the costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Of the capital projects that you guys have out to 2013, I know you said you only have the capital remaining on the new hydrocrackers basically. But are those capital costs basically lock in? Is there any chance or any risk that those costs are going to be higher? Or I mean, is there any benefit that it could be lower?
Richard Marcogliese: Well, the costs are locked in on the major equipment. As Bill mentioned, before '11, major equipment is actually laying on the ground, so it's bought and paid for. We are in the process of bidding out inside the battery limit construction. What I would tell you about that is our assessment of construction market is that conditions are favorable. It's likely that they will come in at lower costs than one we originally anticipated the construction when there's a lot of demand for fuel construction services. So we are not locked in yet, but we would say that going forward, conditions are favorable relative to what we've got.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacques Rousseau with RBC.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just one quick follow-up on AB32. I had seen a quote attributed to Valero of a potential cost of $177 million a year if AB32 is enacted. And obviously, as you've said, there's a lot of uncertainty at this point. But I was just curious, what type of assumptions you're thinking in terms of potential costs for carbon credits?
Kimberly Bowers: This is Kim. Again, it is really hard to get a meaningful estimate at this point in time. But the regulation, the cap and trade rules are not out yet, and that for us clearly has the potential for expense there. Our stationary Tier II [indiscernible] refineries, about 3.75 million tons per year. If you factor that in, you have like a $20 credit costs, that's $75 million a year right there. The carbon fee itself just to regulate us is $45 million a year. So those are the kind of numbers that we have. But other than working with normal, we have [indiscernible] emissions in our report until those, the cap and trade fuel facility [ph] issue and evaluate it. We're not in very good position to give out a meaningful estimate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Just on the $100 million of costs. is that inclusive or exclusive of the savings you get, which you've disclosed for things like SEC revamps in Memphis and St. Charles? And then just how you're thinking about pension liabilities given that we're now in an interest rate environment. I know you've given disclosure of the sensitivity to a 25-basis-point move in interest rates.
William Klesse: Well, the $100 million is really broken down between in-house here at corporate and then out in the field. We're not counting the benefit from revamping the MSTC or anything. It's more in items, for instance, strategic sourcing areas...
Richard Marcogliese: Locally, yes, I can add a little color to that. First of all, let me precede it by saying we are Salomon-driven on our performance metrics, and we benchmark our operation. We participate in the industry surveys every two years, but we track these things on a monthly basis. We would not include project benefits in this $100 million reduction goal. It would be more toward operating cost reduction. For example, we think in the refining system, 2010 cost will come in $70 million lower than the equivalent at 2009 controllable costs. It's a combination of focused energy stewardship program to support efficiency. Personnel headcount reduction, overtime reduction, contractor reduction, more efficient use of outside services, chemicals and catalyst cost reduction, which refers to the strategic sourcing group that Bill mentioned, and then, an overall focus on plot very on the order liability. Fewer pump repairs, we deliver nation, more reliable plant operations so it's a number of things and again, value added just in the refinery system is about $70 million this year.
William Klesse: And we have a never rigorous program here. We let the accounting department keeps track of it for us and with that big and we do it. I know some of you guys kind of laugh a little bit on some of the items, but this is a detailed business. And we will save somewhere between $1 million to $2 million just on our printing, copying and paper costs here in this company, and we'll realize that next year. So I mean that stuff adds up. On your second question, Mike is going to answer.
Michael Ciskowski: On the pension, it does appear -- I mean, it depends on where interest rates are in the year obviously, but they are lower than the, what, the interest discount factor was last year. So it does appear PBO [ph] is going up at the end of this year. We have contributed $54 million so far this year, too, against to fund our DB plan. And we expect to make another $100 million contribution here by the end of the year.
William Klesse: We'll still be underfunded. I would remind you that we were totally funded at the end of 2007. And this management team, if I go through the end of the year, will have contributed $750 million to our pension fund over the last four years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Did you give an indication on working capital release on the Paulsboro sale?
Michael Ciskowski: $275 million is our estimate at this time.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: And earnings on shops, I saw a wire story, $25 million, $30 million, is that reasonably accurate? And where does it show up in the financials?
Michael Ciskowski: That is reasonably accurate. It shows up in other income, interest and other income.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: On the acquisitions, I just want to ask a strategic question. Are you thinking of European or U.K. refinery as an export asset or you're actually interested in domestic retail assets as well given, obviously, the growth in that area? I'm just curious as to what exactly you got in mind?
William Klesse: It's both. Some of the assets we're looking at, obviously, serves the local market, and a couple of others are geared more to exports. Obviously, one of the packages has some retail assets with it. And if that's what happens, we'd be in that business. But we're refiners. We are marketers, and this fits us. And we're not marketing or having to market in the United States. If you'll remember, we market quite extensively in Eastern Canada.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So just to be clear, those five major refineries for sale, are we talking about single-refinery deal or could you be looking at multiple assets?
William Klesse: Multiple assets.
Operator: And there are no further remarks. Do you have any closing remarks, Mr. Smith?
Ashley Smith: Yes. Thank you, Brandis. I just want thank everyone for listening to today's call. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me at Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Joseph Gorder - Executive Vice President of Marketing & Supply S. Edwards - Executive Vice President of Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Michael Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Richard Marcogliese - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Kimberly Bowers - Executive Vice President and General Counsel William Klesse - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Ashley Smith - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc. Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. And I would now like to introduce your host, Mr. Ashley Smith. Sir, please go ahead.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese, our COO; Gene Edwards, our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Joe Gorder, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply; and Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call.  Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported second quarter 2010 income from continuing operations of $530 million or $0.93 per share. I should note that the $53 million after-tax gain from discontinued operations shown in the financial tables relates to the Delaware City assets that were shut down in 2009 and sold in June of this year. Second quarter 2010 operating income was $921 million versus an operating loss of $192 million in the second quarter of 2009. The $1.1 billion increase in operating income was mainly due to higher margins for distillate and secondary products, such as petrochemicals, asphalt and lube oils as well as improved sour crude discounts.  The improvement we saw in diesel margins was most significant. If you look at the benchmark ULSD [ultra-low-sulfur diesel] margins on the Gulf Coast, they nearly doubled from $6.16 per barrel in the second quarter of 2009 to $12.14 per barrel in the second quarter of 2010. Secondary margins also made strong contributions. For example, propylene margins improved 156%, and lube oil margins increased 104% versus the second quarter of the 2009. Sour crude oil discounts also improved during the second quarter. The Maya heavy sour crude oil discount to WTI [West Texas Intermediate] expanded from $4.57 in the second quarter of 2009 to $9.75 in the second quarter of 2010. Another way to look at this is as a percentage of the WTI price, so the Maya discount increased from 7.7% of WTI in the second quarter of 2009 to 12.5% of WTI in the second quarter of 2010, which is a 62% improvement year-over-year. Our second quarter 2010 refinery throughput volume averaged 2.3 million barrels per day, which is slightly higher than the top end of our guidance as the strong margins incentivized higher run rates. However, compared to the second quarter of last year, volumes were down 55,000 barrels per day, mainly due to the continued idle status of our Aruba refinery.  Refinery cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2010 were $3.55 per barrel, which was well below our guidance. This was primarily due to the higher throughput volumes and lower-than-expected maintenance, catalyst and chemicals and energy costs.  We are pleased to see that our focus on cost reductions is showing results. In fact, we're on pace to exceed our target of $100 million in pretax cost savings in 2010. The combinations of numerous company-wide initiatives and commitment by our employees has yielded nearly $90 million in cost savings through June and there is more to come. Looking at our other business segments. Retail had its best-ever second quarter, with operating income at $109 million which is 68% higher than the second quarter of 2009, primarily due to higher fuel margins in the U.S. Our Canadian Retail operations also performed well during the quarter.  Our Ethanol segment had $35 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2010, which is $13 million higher than the second quarter of 2009, but down from the first quarter of this year due mainly to compression in margins between ethanol and corn prices. Despite very competitive industry conditions, our Ethanol business has been profitable and we are pleased with the performance of this business. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $131 million in the second quarter and in line with our guidance. So we're $34 million higher than the first quarter, due mainly to the favorable effect of a $40 million insurance settlement during the first quarter.  For the second quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $367 million which was in line with our guidance. Net interest expense was $116 million, which was slightly below our guidance and lowered in the first quarter of 2010, due partly to lower interest rates and higher-than-anticipated capitalized interest. The effective tax rate on continuing operations in the second quarter was 34.2%.  Regarding cash flows for the second quarter. Capital spending was $517 million, which includes $140 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. For the year, our capital spending target has been revised to $2.3 billion to incorporate spending for various strategic projects, including hydrocracker projects at our St. Charles and Port Arthur refineries and additional turnaround maintenance at our Benicia, Aruba, Memphis and Port Arthur refineries.  Also during the second quarter, we spent $223 million to pay down debt, paid $28 million in dividends and received $220 million in proceeds from the sale of the Delaware City assets. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of June, total debt was $8 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2 billion, and we had over $4.4 billion of additional liquidity available. At the end of the second quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 28.6%. So far in the third quarter, benchmark margins have moderated versus the second quarter of 2010 in most of our regions. For example, the Gulf Coast ULSD margin versus WTI have decreased to 22% to $9.51 per barrel, while the Gulf Coast gasoline margins versus WTI has increased 17% to $8.47 per barrel. We're continuing to see good sour crude oil discounts, with Maya discounts as a percentage of WTI holding fairly steady with the second quarter.  One region that is up versus the last quarter is the West Coast, where gasoline margins versus WTI increased 23% to $20.36 per barrel, partially offset by diesel margins that had decreased 12% to $12.69 per barrel. Unfortunately, ongoing maintenance work at our Benicia refinery is limiting our ability to capture this margin, but we anticipate being back up to full rates by late August. In summary, we had a really good second quarter that demonstrated the earnings power of our assets, following the strategic actions and cost-reduction efforts we've taken over the last 12 months. No doubt, there is more work to be done to continue to improve our competitiveness, but we've made great progress and we are proud of what our employees have accomplished so far.  Going forward, we will remain focused on running our assets safely and reliably, maintaining our financial strength and investment-grade credit rating, reducing our costs and improving our portfolio of assets. And now, I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Okay. For modeling our third quarter operation, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.325 million to 1.375 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 420,000 barrels per day; Northeast at 370,000 to 380,000 barrels per day; and the West Coast at 250,000 to 260,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel, which is higher than the second quarter due mainly to refinery maintenance expenses at Benicia and Aruba and higher expected energy prices.  Regarding our Ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.15 million gallons per day. And operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for noncash COGs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items in the third quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $365 million. And our effective tax rate should be approximately 35%.  We will now open the call for questions, Brandy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International: I was hoping you could update us on the strategic review at Paulsboro and Aruba, and if there's any update you can give there and include your capital spending expectations on Aruba.
William Klesse: This is Klesse. For Paulsboro, we continue to look at our alternatives there. We've been very open at the fact that we're trying to find an alternative. For Aruba, what we are doing there is doing turnaround work in preparation to be able to operate the refinery. That work should be done sometime here in September. And during this period between now and then, we'll make the actual decisions whether or not we're going to start up. But we are preparing to do that. And then on the M&A side of that, we are clearly still looking for a partner or somebody to come in to that operation with us. We are a much more stable tax environment there for the next 20 years. And so I think the value of the asset has been approved, and the government of Aruba has worked with us very well for Aruba and helped us with the asset. As to capital spending, the question is for this year or just in Aruba?
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International: For Aruba, just the capital expenditures or turnaround expenses to get it up to operating condition.
William Klesse: Yes, Jeff, our estimate is $50 million.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Also could you update us on -- you've been exporting distillate out of the Gulf Coast. Could you talk about where your July and August volumes are? They continue to hold up nicely.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Jeff, this is Joe. The second quarter volumes were good, okay? We were over 16,000 a day of gasoline and over 160,000 barrels a day of distillate. They're somewhat tempered in July and August, although still at very good levels. And if you look at some of the factors in the market that have supported the exports over the last couple of quarters, there's still present. Venezuela still struggles to export both gasoline and diesel and are continuing to get it from the U.S. Gulf Coast. The refineries are still down. Mexico's demand exceeds its supply, and it continues to import products. So although we've seen we are close to Europe, for example, now, we still do have significant volumes swimming out on the water.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I really just wanted to talk a little bit about the outlook for third quarter. Inventories have been building pretty aggressively here, if you believe the DOE's numbers. And you guys are looking to take -- based on your guidance, it looks like utilization's gone up into the mid-90s. Can you just talk a little bit about what your thoughts are in terms of outlook? And you've been up. I guess, Bill, in particular you've been vocal about needing to take a leap when the market perhaps looks a little tenuous and the rates' too sluggish demand and so on. So just some thinking behind what your utilization, would be helpful.
William Klesse: Well, I don't think the utilizations are high. So actually...
Michael Ciskowski: Roughly like the second quarter.
William Klesse: So your numbers are correct then. Well, inventory have been building, but we're still in the heart of the gasoline season. And as Joe just mentioned, we continue to see reasonable exports, especially from the U.S. Gulf Coast. But there is no question, as we said in our press release, that we need the economy to get going here. We need people to get back to work. But we still think that third quarter is going to be okay for us.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So you've kind of nailed the nub of my question, Bill. What is the export dynamic right now? Is it holding back as good it did in Q2? Just maybe a little bit color would be appreciated.
Joseph Gorder: It's not bad, okay? If I were to look at it on an absolute basis, I mean, I would tell you July was slightly down from June, but June was in a very good level. So we're still seeing it relatively strong, I would say.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: The only follow-up I have is, you obviously had some unfortunately downtime towards the back end of the quarter. Are you able to quantify lost opportunity cost?
Michael Ciskowski: Sure, I can go ahead and address that, Doug. The unscheduled downtime impact was primarily related to a cat unit outage at the McKee refinery. That was in the middle of June and extended through the first part of July. It added about $15 million impact on the second quarter business. And then also, we saw a downtime on the fluid coker in Benicia. That had occurred on June 20. That had about $15 million impact on the quarter. Now the Benicia coker outage will extend until the late part of August. So it will about 60-day outage, so we'll see some carryover into the third quarter numbers. In total for the second quarter, unscheduled downtime would be around the $50 million level, kind of...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc.: I just want to close the loop on the export question one more time. Joe said something that I had a question about. Just to kind of put it in perspective, the year-on-year difference on exports of you guys. And Joe mentioned Mexico. But besides Mexico, are there other Latin American markets that have become relevant to you guys? And if so, what are they, and temporary or permanent?
Joseph Gorder: Doug, I hate to get into this into too much detail, because we work very hard to establish these relationships where we know we can export the barrels on a consistent basis. But if you'll allow me to just be broad in my brush here, it is the South American countries. Obviously, the closer, the better the economics. But we've taken barrels a little bit further also. And the things that I mentioned, the factors that I mentioned that continue to support the exports are there. And it's anybody's guess at what point in time there might be stabilization of some of those activities. I don't know when and if the Venezuelans are going to restart and run Isla in a reliable way, and when they will improve their internal operations. Addition to the supply issues there, we also have demand increasing down in those markets. And so if the Gulf Coast, because of its low-cost structure and its complex refineries, it's very competitive and allows us with decent cost of products to move into those markets. And I think we'll continue to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: My first question is just kind of regulatory, political. I mean, I know the EPA recently stated they rejected Texas air quality, granted to the TCEQ [Texas Commission on Environmental Quality] under the Clean Air Act after 19 years of granting those permits. And while I know it's still early in that reconciliation process, I mean, do you have any comments on how this process could develop, or how these changes may affect your six Texas refineries?
Kimberly Bowers: Evan, this is Kim Bowers. [indiscernible] (00:26:57) is working pretty hard on this issue right now. You can just imagine it is a very complicated political and regulatory issue. We are working with the regulators right now to try to address this as it relates to our six [indiscernible] (00:27:10) Permits. We've not been approached by EPA directly on this issue just yet, but we are working to try to remedy the issues throughout this quickly as we can and to mitigate the callout for our refineries.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I mean, do you think there'll be some compromise reached from a Texas to federal level? Or this too early to tell?
Kimberly Bowers: I mean, I think so. I think EPA and TCEQ will work together very well for many years. And I suspect at the end of the day they'll come back together again on this. I think there will be litigations. The AG [Attorney General] filed yesterday on the pipes permit issue. And I think the issue will follow through the drill. The litigations going to be part of it, but I suspect at the end of the day, we'll have some to find some way to resolve differences between the two agencies.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And my second question is really capital structure, as it falls in some of the prior comments. I know your cash balance is a $2 billion potential upside for many asset sales. They're kind of ongoing in the process. I think you reported another strong quarter, and you're cautiously optimistic on demand. So kind of revisiting the prior question that's been asked before, I mean, do you have any color on how you see deployment of cash, whether it be buyback, strategic acquisitions or just continuing to kind of run with a higher cash balance until we see in a more macro certainty?
William Klesse: This is Klesse. We will continue to run with a higher cash balance. Clearly, we are looking at some of the refineries that are for sale. We've told people that. But whether we are interested at the end of the day remains to be seen. Our capital spending, we had in the release, were about $2.3 billion. And we expect to progress on our Port Arthur hydrocracker project here. So we continue to work on our assets. By the end of this year, we'll finish the big scrub in Benicia and also have the MSA too. And then next year, you'll see us do more strategic projects that we really can improve our basic business. But basically to your question, we're going to run with a higher cash balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: The cost savings that you've just about achieved for the year, how much more do you think you can do this year, assuming that you can do more? And also, if I remember back, I believe, Bill, that you talked about a back-end-loaded cost savings target of, I think it was at $1.5 billion over five years. Can you refresh your views on that?
William Klesse: We had the project years ago, where we were saying we were to save $1 billion from the operations. And a lot of it was going to come from maintenance and other items. And I conceded to all of you that we were having trouble achieving that goal. So we have basically dropped that program and it pulled it much closer in, and are working on what we've been giving as guidance more recently. I mean, that's been an issue we're going to get $100 million savings. Last year, we got -- I'm looking around the room here. We'll give you a number. $215 million. And we have a very detailed list of where this is coming from, and we will exceed the $100 million this year. We'll probably be much closer to over $200 million again. Sounds like it comes on the revenue lines, so it's not at all just costs. But we molecule management and things looking along those lines. But we have a very diligent, focused approach here, but we've pulled that whole goal structure in much closer. When you look at the Salomon benchmarking though, we have a goal in this company that we're going to be first quartile. And that's going to take us a few more years, but we are going to be a first-quartile refiner throughout our portfolio.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I mean a run rate that would get you to the $1 billion, if you could keep doing that $200 million a year...
William Klesse: Yes. I think at the end of the day, we are going to do it, but we are having trouble articulating it. It was moving around us, so we decided to abandon that and pull closer.
Richard Marcogliese: Paul, if I might add to that. This is Rich Marcogliese. We are working through the number of our structural issues in the refining system. Earlier this year, we completed the remap of our Memphis cat cracker, which was a high-maintenance cat unit. In the second quarter of next year, we'll do a revamp on the St. Charles, this millisecond cat cracker, which is also a high-maintenance unit. And next year, we'll also complete the replacement of all six coker on Port Arthur refinery which has been a high-maintenance coker. So as we advance along in time, we are going to eliminate a lot of the high-maintenance-related issues that have come along with our acquisition process.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes. I mean it sounds just from the fact that you've easily identified two cost-savings projects in the next year, the cat cracker pulls off so that you could do another $200 million next year.
Michael Ciskowski: Well, I do think there is potential to increase the amount of cost savings in the business and/or drive first quarter top line.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Bill, in the process, you said some pretty salty things, and I know you've been asked about Washington already today, but you've had some pretty salty things to say about what's going on in Washington. I noticed that in today's comments, you didn't mention anything specific. Is that because you're feeling a lot better about the way you believe refiners and Valero, in particular, are going to be treated perhaps post the BP issues? Or is it just a function of having a nice profit and not needing to talk about Washington?
William Klesse: I don't think it's the last thing at all. If we still had issues in Washington, we would be talking about it. But I believe that, at least for this year, I'll say the realization of the impact of what was being discussed in Waxman-Markey or Kerry-Lieberman in fact settled in. And so there is not a consensus for this, and that we do not see anything that is going to happen this year, at least, prior to the elections. And then we'll see what happens at the elections. But those bills are bad for the United States. They're bad for jobs. They're bad for Valero. They're bad for energy. They're just not in the interest, and it's hard for me to understand how these things get generated. But today, we think it's a bad quarter, and there'll probably be an issue that'll come in after the elections.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Crédit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Just to continue on the baiting theme, maybe a question about dividends. I mean I'm just trying to think about, obviously, a strong quarter. You're controlling costs, controlling CapEx. I know there's some projects you have to do. You talked about high cash balances. But at what point, do you think it's prudent to raise the dividend from the current level that -- is it a debt-to-equity discussion? Or is it really around just economic confidence and sense of the metrics that you're looking at?
William Klesse: I think it would be both of the two items. It would be our total debt and also our confidence. But this is a board item, and we would -- with those two in mind, as they progress, that's when we would look at it. But I will tell you today, we, management, will not recommend to our board a dividend increase.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: And the rationale being the debt is still too high?
William Klesse: Debt is high in this environment, and also there's still a lot of uncertainty. We need an economic recovery. This business sells fuels. All of you that write about us, recommends us and invest in us, we sells fuels, and we need this economy to get moving.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: Obviously, you're seeing a lot of NGLs coming to the mix, both obviously in terms of the U.S. E&Ps targeting additional NGL growth, the Eagle Ford, and you've also got international NGLs. How much of an opportunity or how should we think about the capture of that in terms of your margins going forward?
William Klesse: I guess we would be then talking about butanes and -- but what's happened is, as we've had to drop vapor pressures to basically accommodate ethanol, we've actually had to push out on the blending fuel pool: butanes, pentane, isopentanes and things like that. So to be honest, that's not something we're focused on.
Edward Westlake - Crédit Suisse AG: So if you needed to run higher throughputs of that, you'd need to adjust the capital base of the company, and there'd have to be wide discounts on the available liquid streams.
William Klesse: The discounts would have to get much wider, but remember, there is a mandate to use ethanol. So even with wider discounts, probably the olefins, the petrochemical side would see more of a benefit than I'd say the refining side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: You've been looking at Europe for several years. And when you're looking at that market, have you changed in your view whether it is an attractive market for you to make acquisition? And also, when you're looking at -- there's a lot of seller out there. Have you sensed that the bid-ask price between the buyer and the seller is start to getting closed or still quite wide apart?
William Klesse: We are still interested in Europe, but only for a quality asset or assets that we think can actually could fit into our portfolio and lifts our portfolio. Valero is a refining company, and we process oils into fuels. I think you guys all know that 81% of our volume is either gasoline, diesel or turbine fuel. But Europe is a big economy. It's a very large market, it's "15 million barrel a day" market. Diesel demand is still growing, and along gasoline, gives you the North Atlantic arbitrage. Political risk diversification, as Paul asked me earlier, I mean there is a higher level of risk in United States than it used to be. The market intelligence knowledge that we gain, weaker assets are shutting down. We're starting to see that. We saw one of our competitors make an announcement about one of their facilities over in Europe. And the bottom line would be a major diversification for us, so we're still interested. But as I've told many of you when we met one-on-one, Valero is going to only do something that we absolutely believe is in our shareholders' interest.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And not so much about the level but that, in general, have you seen the bid-ask price in Europe getting closer? Or that is still quite wide apart?
S. Edwards: Paul, this is Gene. We've been looking at a lot of assets over there, and so we know what's on the market. But as of today, there has been no transactions. So it's really kind of hard to tell what the bid-offer spreads really are. You don't really know what the end of the bidders maybe at. We kind of know what we see values at. I kind of sense that it is more of a buyer's market but -- yet, there's been those transactions. It's impossible to say what the ask really is.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Rich, I think in the second quarter, you guys been able to buy some distressed Latin America heavy oil and that help your profitability in the Gulf Coast. Any kind of estimate that you have in terms of the incremental benefit in the quarter because of that? And for Mike, is there any trading or hedging gain or loss in the quarter?
Joseph Gorder: Paul, this is Joe, and I'll address that, the crude oil discount question. We were able to secure some cargoes of heavy sour crude at distressed prices. And I would tell you probably delivered into the Gulf on a -- and we're starting to move it in today, but delivered in margin improvement over maybe a Maya price might be, $2 to $4 a barrel.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Joe, what's the volume that you have done in the second quarter for that kind of benefit?
Joseph Gorder: I'm sorry, the...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: The volume. When you say $2 to $4, I'd assume that you're just talking about those in excess of Maya. So how many cargoes? Or what is the minimum barrel that you have done in the quarter?
Joseph Gorder: We didn't run that in the second quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: You didn't run in the second quarter, so it would be a third quarter event.
Joseph Gorder: Correct.
William Klesse: You asked this other question onto the gain. So, Mike?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, Paul, this is Mike. On our trading, we had $39 million of income this quarter. So we had a good quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And, Mike, do you have a preliminary 2011 CapEx number that you can share?
William Klesse: We're not -- I told people it's going to be in the same range of what we are doing, but we are actually in the middle of this strategic planning. So we do intend to try to advance our hydrocracker projects that we basically have 40% or so invested in already.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So from that standpoint, should we assume, Bill, it's going to be somewhat higher than this year?
William Klesse: No, I would say it's going to be in this range.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Aruba. Bill, can you share with us the thought process behind the decision to undergo the full plant turnaround now. You've been holding off until recently. So is there -- what may have changed there for you to trigger that action?
William Klesse: In Aruba, because we'll have a contribution margin, and we are also able to, as I said, reach this agreement with the government going forward here. So people -- these are negotiations and people are acting in good sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacques Rousseau with RBC.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: What would be the same-store sales at your stations in the second quarter?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, in the second quarter, on an overall basis, it was up 0.7% in the second quarter of '10 versus the second quarter of '09. That's in the U.S. In Canada, it's actually up about 4.9%.
Jacques Rousseau - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: For the new capital budget of $2.3 billion, can you break that down by the four categories you normally do, strategic, sustaining, turnaround and regulatory?
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, the regulatory is pretty much about the same. Sustaining is down about $100 million. Turnaround's up about $100 million, and strategic is up about $200 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: Bill, you alluded to the closures we've begun to see in Europe and the potential for maybe some more to happen with so many assets on the market. Does that cause you to kind of reconsider Paulsboro? And you're kind of -- maybe get a little bit more constructive on the East Coast?
William Klesse: It's a very fair question, but we are still committed to looking at strategic alternatives for that plant.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: And then my follow-up was on -- I know you'd kind of addressed cap and trade earlier. I'm curious about the new financial regulations. There's been some press reports suggesting that refiners would be kind of negatively impacted, with having to post additional collateral for trading. Are you anticipating any real material impact from the new regulations?
Michael Ciskowski: Not right now, we're still evaluating the financial reform. But most of our trading activities is already cleared through an exchange, and so we don't see a big incremental increase in our margin requirements.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marc Gilman with The Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Joe, or anyone else, give me an idea how much Maya and Arabian crude you ran systemwide in the quarter? And how that compare to prior periods?
Joseph Gorder: Maya was about 225,000 barrels a day in the quarter, and that's fairly consistent, maybe up a little bit from where we were in the first quarter. The Arabian crude was about 165,000 barrels a day, and that was fairly consistent with where we were. Now that's the Saudi crude. We got Kuwaity barrels and so on also, but it was all fairly consistent with where we were in the first quarter.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: How about Latin American, Joe?
Joseph Gorder: I don't lump it together that way, Mark. But if I told you that barrels from Colombia did increase, we're over 60 a day there. Barrels from Venezuela continue to be right in that 100,000 barrels a day on the heavy sour. Those are really the two big ones that we have, Colombia and Venezuela.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So there were no real significant changes to the crudes late second quarter, say, versus first?
Joseph Gorder: There were not.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: With that in mind, the margin capture rates in, particularly, Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent in this period, at least based on our tracking mechanisms, are just off the charts. And I guess in that regard, I'm wondering are there any inventory effects that might be built in to those numbers? I know, Mike, you talked about secondary products in your discussion of the performance in the quarter, but frankly, those products tend to do better in a significantly declining crude oil price environment. And the second quarter looked more like a U in that regard, with not all heck of a lot of change across the period. So any clarification on that subject, I'd appreciate.
Richard Marcogliese: Mark, this is Rich Marcogliese. There is an operational component comparing second quarter versus first quarter. First quarter was a very heavy turnaround period for us. We have St. Charles refinery down entirely in the first quarter, and we have the cat cracker at Port Arthur down in the first quarter or what was the 55-day turnaround. So you actually saw a big rebound in capacity utilization in the Gulf Coast that two of our more profitable refineries in the second quarter that impacted the results.
Joseph Gorder: Was Mark focused on the margin?
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Yes, I was.
Michael Ciskowski: And then you asked about the inventory. There's no material inventory adjustment in our second quarter numbers. I think the discounts, the heavy sour crude discounts have been pretty good or strong in the second quarter, really contributed to our capture.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Maybe Gene Edwards can pick this one up, there's been a lot of talk with respect to repealing the ethanol tax credit. And, Gene, or I guess anyone else, I wonder what your thoughts are in terms of what the implications of that would be in terms of ethanol pricing and margins. It's a little bit of a complex thing to think about.
S. Edwards: Mark, this is Gene. The way we look at it, right now ethanol is trading for about $0.13 under gasoline. And on top of that, there's the $0.45 blender's credit. So the ethanol plants really are not even capturing the credit. The credit is being captured by the people that blend the ethanol. So from an ethanol manufacturing standpoint, it's almost irrelevant today. It could be relevant in the future if things change and ethanol tightens up and even if you capture the full blending margin, plus capture the credit. I mean that'd be a great scenario from ethanol producers' standpoint, but in fact today, it's not being captured there. So it doesn't factor into our ethanol plant economics at all.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: But Gene, you don't think there's any price implications at all of the potential repeal of that credit? Do you think the ethanol price x credit would remain unchanged in that scenario?
S. Edwards: Yes, I do, because you'd still have the blending margin of $0.30 a gallon to blend the ethanol even with current prices, whether the credit was there or not. but So you would not see blending back down on one barrel because of credit being gone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Could you quantify what the impact was of the secondary products, such as these pet chem, asphalt, lube oils, in terms of the -- as a margin uplift or the EBITDA uplift in the quarter?
Michael Ciskowski: Quarter-to-quarter?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Yes, that'd be great.
Michael Ciskowski: I guess the price range there, it's roughly $110 million, $115 million improvement quarter-to-quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On the OpEx per barrel, the $3.55, the sequential sort of improvement in that OpEx number, how much of it was natural gas related versus kind of you wrote [ph] (51:43) itself out?
Michael Ciskowski: I mean total costs were -- of all of those components that I listed in the speaker notes, energy was the smallest amount improvement.
S. Edwards: It was about $0.20 a barrel.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, going from first quarter to second quarter, the fall in energy costs was about $0.20 barrel.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chi Chow with Macquarie Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Got a couple questions on the Gulf Coast system. What's the timing on the hydrocracker project at this point?
S. Edwards: Yes, on the hydrocracker projects, we're looking at late-2012 completion for Port Arthur, and we're envisioning a late-2013 completion on St. Charles.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: How are you feeling about your long-term market position in the Gulf Coast, particularly with new capacity that's come online this year and looks like there's more to come in the years ahead from competitors?
William Klesse: We think our position is very good.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: What about from the smaller plants down there at Houston and Three Rivers, are you still feeling okay with those plant longer term?
William Klesse: Yes, we're comfortable with our portfolio here, except for the items that we've talked about previously. If you look at our Houston refinery, it really is tied with our Texas City refinery. And it's actually been running very well, and our people there have just done an excellent job. At our Three Rivers refinery, we're somewhat tied to Corpus Christi, but that's also where we make DTX. And so if you look at the structure there, we've actually made some decent money selling benzene here. So these plants have been doing a good job for us, and we have a major effort under way at Three Rivers, where all our people, where we're looking at how we operate the entire facility, which will get our costs even down more. The guys just reminded me here, all these oil production that's going on in the Eagle Ford, actually, it has the potential to help Three Rivers also.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: One final question on the 2010 strategic projects you talked about, Bill. I guess in some of the other comments, you mentioned the FCC revamp at St. Charles and coke drum replacement at Port Arthur. Are there additional projects beyond that, that you could elaborate on?
William Klesse: Sure, we're looking at, I've mentioned this in, again, previous calls, we're looking at a couple of small hydrogen plants at our facilities, both McKee and Memphis. There, the only hydrogen we have available is from reforming, and then the world we're live in here today, and we got into quite a discussion, I guess, a year or so go on this, but in the world we live today, you really you should be generating a hydrogen from natural gas, not from oil, and if you don't need the octane because of ethanol doing it. So we have those projects in the mill. Rich, you want to...
Richard Marcogliese: Yes, I'd add a couple more, also associated with the St. Charles and FCC revamp, we're going to install a large power recovery turbine that will contribute about $10 million a year in operating income. That is a plan we have there, so it's also another important project.
William Klesse: And we have some little things that are in there too. But they are to be -- tend to be -- you'll see us next year doing more, what I call it, they're economic. We call them strategic but they're economic driven.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Anything on the West Coast in particular?
Richard Marcogliese: Well, what I would say on the West Coast, what we're looking to get behind of is the completion of this large scrubber project at Benicia. That will complete construction in the fourth quarter of this year, which actually positions the refinery fairly well from an air emissions compliance point of view and will allow us to increase capacity utilization.
William Klesse: And then we have the turnaround in the refinery there in the first quarter next year, and this is a huge project. This is $650-million project counting the computer, and so we get that done this year. We have a turnaround at the refinery in the first quarter. So there is a lot of expense capital going into Benicia.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Rich, was there any cokers that were voluntary idled for any part of the second quarter?
Richard Marcogliese: No, we did not have any coker shutdowns in the second quarter. Now we always evaluate asphalt economics versus coker runs and we make moderate coker throughput based on that, particularly our Corpus Christi refinery. But generally, we had good utilization of the cokers across the quarter in line with the Maya differentials.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So it was basically as high a utilization rate on coking in that quarter as you would expect to achieve?
Richard Marcogliese: I'd say with the exception of where asphalt economics, we're superior to resid conversion. I would say it's the highest that we have ever seen for a coker throughput. But certainly, it's been improved over the less 12 months.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Are there any significant second half turnarounds other than the work at Benicia?
Richard Marcogliese: That is really it, and it's really it for the balance of the year. We'll get Benicia ramped up in the latter part of August. A lot of planning is underway for a very large workload in the first quarter of '11. As I mentioned before, we'll have the millisecond cat cracker turnaround in St. Charles. We'll have a crude unit in coke drum replacement turnaround at the Port Arthur refinery. We've got plant-wide turnaround in Ardmore that will hit the first quarter of next year. So we've got a good opportunity now to get all of our planning done anticipating that activity later.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of our allotted time for questions and answers. Mr. Smith, did you have any closing remarks?
Ashley Smith: No, thanks, Brandy. I just want to thank everyone for listening to our call. And if you have any questions, feel free to contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - VP of IR Bill Klesse - Chairman and CEO Rich Marcogliese - COO Mike Ciskowski - CFO Joe Gorder - EVP, Marketing and Supply
Analysts: Doug Terreson - ISI Jeff Dietert - Simmons Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Franklin Russo - RBC Capital Markets Chi Chow - Macquarie Capital Alexander Inkler - Sanford Bernstein Ann Kohler - Caris & Co Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice
Operator: Good morning my name is Angelic and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Angelic. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski our CFO; Rich Marcogliese our COO; Gene Edward ,our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Joe Gorder, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply and Kim Bowers our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com, also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. in summary it says that: statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski: Thanks Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release we reported a first quarter 2010 loss from continuing operations of $101 million or $0.18 per share. I should note that the $12 million aftertax loss from discontinued operations shown in the financials tables relates to the Delaware City assets that were shut down in the fourth quarter. The first quarter 2010 operating loss was $32 million versus $593 million of operating income in the first quarter of 2009. The decline in operating income was mainly due to lower margins on most of our refined products in all four of our operating regions. Looking at our highest volume region, Benchmark Gulf Coast, ultralow sulfur diesel margins versus WTI decreased 41% from $12.61 per barrel in the first quarter of 2009 to $7.49 per barrel in the first quarter of 2010. While Gulf Coast gasoline margins versus WTI decreased 12% from $8.14 per barrel in the first quarter of 2009 to $7.13 per barrel in the first quarter of 2010. The hardest hit region was the West Coast where gasoline margins versus WTI fell 45% and diesel margins versus WTI fell 38% in the first quarter of 2010 when compared to the first quarter of the last year. So far in April, margins have improved versus the first quarter in most of our regions, for example the Gulf Coast ultralow sulfur diesel margin versus WTI has increased 33% to $9.95 per barrel while the Gulf Coast gasoline margins versus WTI increased to 20% to $8.58 per barrel. On the West Coast, diesel margins versus WTI increased to 40% to $11.83 per barrel while the gasoline margins have remained relatively flat. Our first quarter 2010 refinery throughput volume averaged to 2.1 million barrels per day which is in line with our guidance. However compared to the first quarter of 2009, volumes were down 254,000 barrels per day mainly due to the continued idle status of the Aruba refinery. Our first quarter 2010 results were negatively impacted by downtime at some of our key refineries. We estimate the lost income from the first quarter downtime was just over $200 million. Refinery cash operating expenses in the first quarter of 2010 were $4.41 per barrel in line with our guidance, but were $0.41 per barrel higher than the first quarter of 2009 results due mostly to the lower throughput volumes. Looking at other business segments, retail had a record first quarter with operating income at $71 million which is $15 million higher than the first quarter of 2009 primarily due to higher fuel margins in both the US and Canadian operation. Our ethanol segment had $57 million of operating income in the first quarter which was our second best quarter since we entered the ethanol business. I should also point out that we purchased 3 additional plants in the first quarter taking our total to 10 plants with 1.1 billion gallons per year of capacity. Like our previous acquisition these are large plants located in the corn belt and we bought them at deep discounts to replacement costs. Two of the plants were idle, but we have restarted them and ten plants are now operating. General and administrative expenses including corporate depreciation were $97 million in the first quarter which was $40 million lower than the fourth quarter and lower than our guidance due to a favorable insurance settlement of $40 million. For the first quarter total depreciation and amortization expense was $357 million which was in line with our guidance, net interest expense was a $127 million which was higher than our guidance and the fourth quarter of 2009 due to increased interest expense related to our recent debt offered. The effective tax rate benefit on continuing operations in the first quarter was 32%. Regarding cash flows for the first quarter, capital spending was $611 million which includes $229 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures and for the year our capital spending target remains at $2 billion. We received a federal income tax refund of $923 million and we spent $260 million to acquire 3 ethanol plants. The ethanol spending includes $9 million of working capital. So the total cost to acquire these plants comes to $280 million which includes a $21 million deposit that was paid in the fourth quarter of 2009. We also paid $28 million in dividends in the first quarter. Also during the quarter we completed a debt offering totaling $1.25 billion and subsequently called $473 million of debt. Including the premium we spent $294 million in the first quarter to regain $287 million of debt and in the second quarter we will pay $190 million to regain a $186 million. These redemptions will result to lower interest expense over the life of the note.  With respect to our balance sheet at the end of March total debt was $8.4 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.9 billion and we had over $4 billion of additional liquidity available. And at the end of the quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 31%. In summary, our financial health and liquidity remained very good despite the challenging environment we have experienced. We expect to be profitable in April and make money for the fourth quarter. Our priority is continue to reducing costs running our assets safely and reliably and maintaining our financial strength. We continue to believe that our cost savings initiative and the strategic actions that we have taken should make the company profitable in 2010 even if we were to experience a low margin environment like 2009. So now I will turn it over Ashley to cover the earnings model assumption.
Ashley Smith:  Okay thanks Mike, for modeling our second quarter operations you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. Gulf Coast at 1.275 million to 1.325 million barrels per day. Mid-continent at 3,80,000 to 3,90,000 barrels per day, North East at 3,30,000 to 3,40,000 barrels per day and West coast at 2,60,000 to 2,70,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $4.15 per barrel which is lower than last quarter due mainly to higher expected throughput volumes. Regarding our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.15 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of other items in the second quarter we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $120 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $365 million. Regarding our tax rate in this margin environment, small changes and assumptions are yielding a very wide range of results from effective tax rates. So at this point we prefer not to provide guidance which may not be meaningful. We will now open call for questions Angelic.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI Group.
Doug Terreson - ISI:  Differentials have widened which should enhance performance for you in the coming periods. On this point, the spread for light versus (inaudible) seems to have widened more than for some of the other global heavy crude oils. So my question's twofold. What do you guys think that supports widening of the spread? Second, what, if any implication, do you think the difference in spreads between the regional heavy crude oil such as Maya can continue to trade at record levels there, but have some of the others in? Would you just spend a minute on that spread?
Joe Gorder:  The heavy sour discounts improved for a couple of reasons. One we had in (inaudible), two we had fuel-length in Singapore and third we had a flat market structure. Now you have the Maya discounts looked pretty good today. We were shown about $10 a barrel when compared to WTI and that’s a little bit distorted, they are actually stronger than that if you compare them to some of the foreign suite, because we got the dislocation of WTI. So we had factors that affected the discount and improved it. Now today if you look at that, the primary one that still remains is the fuel oil length. The Maya length is cleaned up a little bit and the market structures [didn’t carry], but here again if you compare Maya to a foreign suite, it looks more attractive and it would relative to WTI. Now as far as the foreign barrels go, like [big] heavy, Doug we are not seeing those barrels over here anymore and you know that. If I compare Maya to some of the other heavy sours that we do look at running is right in the ballpark. Venezuelan grades, some of the Columbian grades, we are not seeing it disjointed relative to those.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons:  Along a similar line, Rich, or Joe, could you talk about how the Maya spreads and the resid spreads are impacting your utilization of your coking units, and maybe compare 4Q last year to 1Q this year and where you are now as far as utilization of the cokers?
Rich Marcogliese:  We have increased coker runs in general. If you go back to the last year we had our small coker in the Corpus Christi East plant and two drum coker I mean it was down for probably six months. Now it is running full coker at Texas City, running full Port Arthur crude rates and coker rates have gotten back to traditional maximum. So yes, we are purchasing crudes to fill coking capacity because it makes economic sense now with the differentials.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons:  If I remember, on the second question, the Paulsboro process, it seems like you've got bids in. Should we assume something's relatively imminent there?
Joe Gorder: Jeff we are working on the process still and I will tell you that we’ll make our decision here in the second quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul (inaudible) of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: On the northeast, it looked like the capture rate there was a little better, I guess, than we've seen historically. Can we talk just a little bit about what the absence of Del City has meant there in terms of the system? But if you can also maybe just frame it in terms of the contribution from Paulsboro. It was the only region that was profitable this quarter. So I'm curious to know how Paulsboro performed with that backdrop?
Bill Klesse: Well on the part about Del City I don’t think we necessarily see any impact on that, to go through the heart of your question we made money in Canada and we lost money in Paulsboro.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: If I would just stay with that, there was no mention in the release about the inventory sale coming out of Del City. Can you give us some color, I'm assuming you got the revenues, was there any contribution in terms of margin from that inventory disposal?
Mike Ciskowski: In the North Sea or on the inventory liquidation at Del City we had hedged all those barrels, so there is P&L effect.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: A couple months back, you were quoted as talking about aiming for something like a $3.50 operating cost on the count on a cash basis. Can you just give some maybe color, some update as to whether that's the number you like or rather see as a target and what kind of timeframe and what kind of process you see towards getting there?
Bill Klesse: Well that clearly a number I still think it is attainable, but when you have lower operating rates in our refining system, we have to adjust for all of that. We continue to make improvements everywhere, we have goals throughout our system. I think some of you know that we took action in the fourth quarter of last year at Paulsboro reducing our operating costs there. So, we have made projects underway that are adjusting our operating costs. We have a target throughout the company of $100 million, but then that’s really addressing mostly things that are at corporate. We also have on top of that optimization, molecule management, strategic sourcing, many other initiatives that will bring it down. But as a goal if we are operating full rate, we’d like to get our cash operating costs down to $3.50 when you have natural gas in its price range. But it’s hard to say give you a good number when we have reduced operating rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: I guess economic recovery is picking up, perhaps. How is that changing your thoughts around Aruba, around $2 billion of CapEx, whether you can drive CapEx lower next year or whether you see some other uses for that cash? Perhaps a word on whether ethanol you're done, whether further acquisitions are perhaps unlikely now, or whether you are going to carry on in something around your international thoughts at this stage in terms of international growth is there are opportunities there?
Bill Klesse: Yes, Valero sell fuels and clearly as the economic activity continues to increase, it will help our business. Today in distillates, we're seeing farm demand, railroad demand very strong. Trucking is lacking. On gasoline, unemployment still at the 9.7% or whatever the number is. Being very high number and the high prices are restrained on gasoline.  However we do see as the economy recovers, the volume's picking up. So, yes we are optimistic, here, we have better margins today. As Joe just said we have better seller discounts today, we are making money here as our releases says in April and we expect to be profitable as Mike said in the second quarter. And I’ve told everyone that we expect to be profitable for the year. Looking at our thoughts on Aruba, we still do not have what we would call solid economics to operate Aruba. So we can tell you to look at our alternatives there. Most likely the alternatives that we tend to be looking at goal on the line of processing. We’ll make that decision here as to how that plan goes forward, most likely in June. About ethanol, we are very pleased with our ethanol business. Gene Edwards and the team have done an excellent job getting us in that business. It's been a solid contributor for us, it’s still in the profit. I think some of you know there is a huge blending margin today. Ethanol’s economic and so we continue to look at opportunities in that business. We have built a strong staff here and so we feel one, that ethanol is going to be part of fuel mix in the United States and two, there is still some opportunity out there for us to continue to grow that business. Capital spending, our number this year, out target is about $2 billion. We complete several big projects this year, the scrubber at Venetia and the heater furnace that's associated with it is very large. We completed MSAT-2 by the end of the year so that will give us the ability to come in with a lower capital. However we do have some big turnarounds next year. But having said that, we also have a couple of projects that we are halfway through and so we are scaling those into our view. So if our profitability continues as I stated a few minutes ago and we have the cash. It is our intent to eventually complete our hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles with the timing being somewhere late 2012 at Port Arthur and somewhere in the late 2013 at St. Charles. These projects still have very good rates of return, so we are going to work on them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: First, Mike, can you give me some [partnership] item. What is the working capital including cash? And long-term debt, of the $8.4 billion how much is long-term debt? What is the equity in your [partnership] and what is the market inventory in excess of the book?
Mike Ciskowski: Total current assets at the end of March was $11.3 billion and cash balance was $1.9 billion. Total current liabilities was $8.1 billion. 
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: What is the current liability?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes the total current liability is $8.1 billion and then our current maturities are $635 million. So our networking capital is right at $2 billion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay so short term debt is $635 million.
Mike Ciskowski: That’s right $635 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So that means that your long-term debt is $7.8 billion?
Mike Ciskowski: Right. That’s correct and the market value on our inventory is about $9 billion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay how about your shareholder equity?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes about $14.5 billion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Just wanted to make sure I understand so your working capital would be $3.2 billion including cash and everything?
Mike Ciskowski: That’s correct, if you do not exclude the cash or the current maturities that’s right.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital : Secondly, that money in your first quarter, is there any trading or hedging or loss? Also, do you have any outstanding position for the second quarter for any hatching or trading position currently on?
Mike Ciskowski: The first quarter results from our trading activities was a profit of about $5 million.
Bill Klesse: I have mentioned in the past that we do participate in the paper markets. We have some decisions on, but they are not significant and frankly I view them as confidential.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So Bill, you mean that for the second quarter that as of right now the existing one is not a huge amount whatever you have outstanding?
Mike Ciskowski: That’s correct.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Bill, I think you had mentioned that you could be interested in share of European asset. Can you give us any update? Have you further pursued that process or you still have interest or not?
Bill Klesse: We are still interested in looking at so many of the assets that are for sale in Western Europe. I think you know it is a whole bunch of them and so we will continue to look however but we will be very careful. It is only looking at quality asset. There will be assets that do not require a lot of capital and I assure you that we will be survivors and there will be assets that will generate a rate of return if we do anything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gillman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: While I fully believe your forecast of profitability, Mike, can you give me an idea where you stand in terms of possible future carryback loss potential as of the end of last year?
Mike Ciskowski: I think our current forecast shows that we are going to have a taxable income this year, so we don’t expect to have any carry back.
Joe Gorder: I will always say that there is a significant amount of potential carryback if we were to have a tax law. Because there is a new tax laws from last year that allows five-year carryback and the large portion of our over $900 million income tax receivable were from earlier years and so we still have a substantial amount if we do actually have the tax laws.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company:  Has the liquidation of the Del City inventories been fully completed?
Mike Ciskowski:  We still have a little bit to go, I think about a $100 million is what my estimate is current value.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: That’s left to go, Mike?
Mike Ciskowski: That’s left to go.
Joe Gorder:  Slightly over a million barrels.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: It appears as if there's an unusual seasonal pattern to the reported margins in the mid-continent division where the first quarter in virtually every year that I've looked at seems to be one of the strongest quarters. Is that something you see also, and is there any particular reason you can cite for it?
Bill Klesse:  We have the contango in the market which helped to some degree on the mid-continent plant.
Joe Gorder:  It has been pronounced lately than early in the first quarter 
Bill Klesse: Other than that I don’t really see product margins, being that big premiums to the Gulf coast, just the normal arbitrage.
Joe Gorder: Mark, even now they are fairly flat. If you look at Gulf coast versus mid-continent the only difference really that I see is the seven pound, eight pound versus nine pound back.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company:  But nothing that tends to repeat itself from the first quarter each year that might be responsible for a much higher degree of margin capture in a first quarter period?
Joe Gorder: No we are not aware, we will have to go back track and look at that Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Bill, you've often taken an industry leadership role, not least in terms of really rallying the industry, not to overproduce, I was wondering in the context of the sale of Delaware City, why you didn't simply shutter the refinery once and for all given that the price you got was pretty low and I would have thought the potential welcome-term benefits of shutting that particular refinery would have outweighed the benefit you got from the sale?
Bill Klesse:  It’s a fair question, but PBF was willing to pay a price for a terminal as we were looking at it and then a shutdown refinery that was in our shareholder’s interest when we looked to that versus all other options. So as we said in some of our releases that we believe we got a very fair value for this, for the state it was in, so we elected to sell to PBF. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: You're saying now there will be a competitor on the east coast?
Bill Klesse:  I think you have to ask PBF what they are going to do with the refinery.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: When you sold, do you expect them to run as a refinery, was your expectation that it will just be a terminal.
Bill Klesse:  We sold it as shutdown refinery with the terminal
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Just a more macro question if I could. It seems that one of the reasons, the strengths that we're seeing in refining margins right now is related to international demand. We noticed the problem in Chile, Mexico, Venezuela, Brazil, I think Nigeria might be importing gasoline. Could you just talk about Atlantic basin and Pacific basin and trades we are seeing in terms of exports from the US?
Joe Gorder:  Paul we are seeing you know strong demands for distillates primarily from South America, but also here just recently from Europe. If you look what we did in the first quarter we exported about 80,000 barrels a day on average of distillate, but those numbers are much lower in January and increased through March. If you look at what we are estimating right now for May we are probably at 185,000 barrels a month and you cited some of the issues and we have problems in Chile. Venezuela has refinery problems. Isla is shut down. So you’ve got draws in that market that are pulling significant volumes and here again, the arm to Europe is open by about a penny and a half now. And that’s been a recent phenomenon and so we are moving barrels that way also.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: What do you attribute the European strengths to?
Mike Ciskowski: Well the refineries are still being cut back, they are not at high utilization rate still.
Joe Gorder: You know it’s hard to get great data, but we do know that a lot of the distillate has been on the water has cleaned up and been consumed.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Just to be clear, those numbers you're talking about are Valero numbers, right?
Joe Gorder: Valero numbers.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: That must be a record high, right?
Mike Ciskowski: No actually last summer we probably did 200,000 to 220,000 barrels a day.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Of distillate?
Mike Ciskowski : Yes.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And what about gasoline side?
Joe Gorder : In the first quarter we did 20 gasoline cargos which is a high for us.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank : How big's the cargo?
Joe Gorder: 55,000 barrels a day.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank : To what extent do you think this is sustainable? Obviously, we know the demand side is coming back, but in terms of the outages, Chile obviously is going to come back in a matter of months.
Mike Ciskowski: Right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Do you know what's going on in Mexico and Venezuela?
Joe Gorder : In Mexico we had a lot of turnarounds. Venezuela has had refinery operating problems. Isla of course had the power outage and that took a lot of volume out of the market, I mean Isla refinery produced 85,000 barrels a day of gasoline and a 100,000 a day of diesel fuel. That’s not the marketplace today and they were using that to supply other South American countries, so the US Gulf coast right now is filling the void in production there. Is it sustainable, we understand that perhaps by the end of May it will be back up operating, Chile is going to take a while I think to get their production volumes back up and then Venezuela itself I really don’t know.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank : Final one for me there was some interesting chatter I think you referenced even today about Iran and Reliance. Is there anything you can add on what might be going on there? It seems that Reliance is seeking to send more volumes into the Atlantic basin. I don't know if you seeing this show up, any commentary on that?
Joe Gorder : We haven’t seen them show off. I haven’t heard anything about that to be quite honest with you.
Bill Klesse: Everything I hear is Iran continues to be supplied and some of their old suppliers maybe reducing the volumes, but someone else steps in to fill the void and so I am not sure there’s really been a lot of changes in gasoline movement in Iran.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: The Canadian retail margins seemed exceptionally strong in the quarter. I'm just curious if you could point out anything that was occurring during the quarter and if that's continuing to persist into 2Q?
Bill Klesse: The Canadian margins you should remember include (inaudible) and so when you look at the number that’s the home heating business and our margin for the home heating is significantly harder than it is for fuel. So then as you go into the second quarter, third quarter, they change as your volume drops for home heating, then going back into the fourth quarter. So that’s really the main difference you have as the home heat business in the winter so even though Quebec was warmer this winter than last winter there's still that seasonal effect.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, so we should see some drop off there?
Bill Klesse: Yes, on a relative basis.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: The second one for you Joe mentioned the dislocation on WTI, presumably stemming from the storage situation that seems to be building again over at Cushing. As I recall, I believe you guys run quite a bit of WTI through your mid-con system, and I'm just trying to see if you're recognizing a real benefit from that so far this quarter? And I think you already mentioned the contango, but obviously that's blowing out as well, I'm assuming that's providing somewhat of a benefit as well.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake we would do, I mean we will see the benefit as the contango on the domestic crudes and we do run quite a bit of TI into McKee, Ardmore.
Operator:
 :
Franklin Russo - RBC: Most of my questions have been answered, but I just wanted to follow up on the capital budget. You've talked before on the $2 billion capital budget this year, about 1.85 of that is kind of this day in business capital level and that's expected to move down going forward. If you take Paulsboro and Aruba out of the equation, how low can that 1.85 go?
Bill Klesse: Well if you look at our DD&A, it comes up to the whole [company] at about a $1.4 billion and so our target will clearly be as the regulatory capital comes out of the mix that we could bring, get this down into the $1.4 billion of $1.5 billion area. Now that assumes we don’t have anything new on the regulatory and that we finished those kind of thing. Then we have our turnarounds, reliability, investments that could clearly be done in the $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range.
Franklin Russo - RBC: So $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion total for all of the categories of sustaining turnarounds and regulatory?
Bill Klesse: Yeah we can get it down to that. That’s correct
Operator: Your next question comes from Chi Chow of Macquarie Capital
Chi Chow - Macquarie Capital: Bill, you mentioned earlier that you were looking to resume the hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles. What's the remaining spending you have at each plant?
Bill Klesse: Port Arthur for the full project about $900 million and St. Charles about $600 million and when you look at the economics, on the increment, say in the first part is already done even if we took into some tax-effect into considerations or the return is still in the high 20s and if you look at the entire project which is largely driven in a way by very low natural gas prices than equate the hydrogen and then equate the liquids, the project is in high teens. So since we in a way have invested roughly 50% in these projects. At some point it would be our intent to finish it, but we are going to manage that with our available cash.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Capital: Can you comment on your outlook then on the distillate market going forward? Assuming you have a positive outlook if you can go forward with the projects?
Bill Klesse: Well of course we have a positive outlook. But right now, it’s trucking that’s lagging. If you take the data 65% or so of US distillate demand is on road diesel. I mentioned already that the farming is strong at the moment and railroads have been strong and clearly the shipping industry is trying to be more efficient, but I am assuming that the US economy will eventually recover and that will see that going. Distillates in the world are going to grow between two to three times at the rate of gasoline and Joe spoke about our export capabilities. As you know these hydrocrackers are plants that have excellent capability. They also at Port Arthur rollout a very high [seeking] product to be produced. So when we look at the world, we believe we can export from the US Gulf Coast or service domestically. So yes, we're optimistic, still in the world. So yes, we're optimistic, still in the world about diesel and distillates.
Chi Chow - Macquarie Capital: Second question on ethanol. Valero's in an interesting position of straddling the fence as one of the largest refiners and ethanol producers here in the US. Just wondering what is your stance on increasing the blending limits of ethanol above 10%?
Bill Klesse: I am going to speak from (inaudible). I know you guys know that I am Chairman of the [MTR] and they have a different position. We think that ethanol from Valero’s perspective is going to be part of the fuel mix. Actually today it is economic even at $3.50 corn. The US farmer has demonstrated and even though people talk about the fuel the US farmer has demonstrated an ability to grow more corn, increasing yields and so we think that ethanol is viable in the fuel mix and so our position is that it should be increased. Then we will have the discussion about cars and which cars can take the fuel, but it is economic and then you also have other issues that we get involved in on this issue. National Security, things (inaudible).
Chi Chow - Macquarie Capital: Just from the logistics and you mentioned the liability standpoint of the older vehicles. Do you think it's really feasible to push much more in beyond 10% over the next, I don't know, five years or so?
Bill Klesse: Surely we do and you will have that proper labeling at the (inaudible).
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Alexander Inkler with Sanford Bernstein.
Alexander Inkler - Sanford Bernstein: Just one question actually, going back to Delaware City given the strength of east coast margins in the last quarter, I'm just curious if you can give us some guidance as to whether Delaware City would have been profitable in the current environment?
Ashley Smith: Alex, this is Ashley. When we shut it, however our belief because of the operating costs and just the environment at that refinery, it still wouldn’t have been worth running even if we could have run it.
Joe Gorder:  If you look at the plant it has one of our lowest liquid volume yields which you know is an issue in this high crude price environment.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ann Kohler of Caris & Co
Ann Kohler - Caris & Co:  First on the ethanol, I know you gave a throughput expectation or production of 3.15 million gallons for the quarter. It's my understanding that you were going to be basically ramping up production of some of the plants purchased earlier so the production numbers would be higher in the second half of the year. Do you have any guidance as regards to that?
Joe Gorder:  3.15 already represents the new plants at pretty much full capacity.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Co: And the older plants as well?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, they are all running at capacity or slightly above and permits all the implants right now and that’s reflected in 3.15.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Co:  Given the environment, I know that over the last couple of years, there are a number of plants, if you have also looked at placing on the market beyond Aruba and Paulsboro, given the current environment, I mean, are you still basically looking at that opportunity or are you going to wait for better margin environment or are you happy with your current portfolio?
Bill Klesse:  We are focusing on Aruba and Paulsboro, we assume that we will close our transaction here in May, so right now that’s where our focus is. However we have a portfolio plan and they are all not equally performing and that’s why we had many initiatives on throughout our system here. But our focus is on the two that you mentioned.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Co:  By that focus shift, some of those refineries then shift up once you get those two plants settled, those transactions completed?
Bill Klesse:  Ann it wouldn’t shift because we are trying to improve our portfolio as we every single day. But we will make judgments as to those assets as we go forward.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniel Burke of Johnson Rice.
Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice:  I wonder if you could revise one of the drivers, mentioned for the light or light heavy spread, the length in the fuel market and rest of the outlook there? Can that continue or will far east turnarounds begin to cut into that length as you look into forward into Q2?
Rich Marcogliese:  I think we expect it to continue, the fuel oil market is long in Singapore, it is also long now in the US gulf coast. And so I mean it could clean up with some time but in the periods that we are looking at right now we expect it to continue.
Joe Gorder: You look at US inventories right now, they’re eight million barrels higher than last year which is a pretty sizable number and lot of it is because US demand is still very weak because of very low natural gas prices, so not much resid being consumed here. And we’ve been importing resid at higher levels than over last year as well because of Singapore’s full, Europe is long resid all the time, so the barrels have to come here because Singapore is already full. So it will take a while for the resid to clean up. I think we are going to see this continue for the next few months at least. 
Daniel Burke - Johnson Rice: The only other one I had as follow-up, did you have on hand the number for cash proceeds generated for most specifically the Del City inventory liquidation in the first quarter? Just want to get a look at the underlying net working capital that looks to occur in Q1.
Bill Klesse: Yes, $365 million was liquidation in the first quarter and then as we mentioned earlier we’ve about another $100 million to go.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Paul Schrader of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of clarification points, please. On Aruba, looking at your operating cost guidance, are you assuming that Aruba is you still have some costs down there? What should we think about the implications for the second half of the year there?
Mike Ciskowski: We do have costs down there presently at Aruba, roughly about $22 million per quarter in DD&A and then in the first quarter we had about $20 million of cash operating expenses. So the total was about $38 million loss at Aruba. We did have some margin there in our marine and terminalling business.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Your guidance for the second quarter, the OpEx guidance that Ashley gave, I'm assuming that Aruba's still in there, I guess, it’s until June? What happens beyond that?
Ashley Smith: That number would continue most likely through the third quarter.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just going back to light heavy differentials, the Keystone pipeline fill, how do you see things playing out there when that's done in terms of how it might impact your ability to access western Canadian for example?
Joe Gorder: It’s going to be beneficial to us to have the Keystone pipeline in place. The timing of it, they are line filling right now, the part that goes down to Steel City and then connects into Patoka and Wood River, the Cushing connection will be in early 2011 I believe and then the next segment that’s going to be worked on is the segment that runs from Cushing down to the US Gulf Coast and our thoughts are that we maybe able to get volume on that before the entire bullet line is complete, at the end of ‘12 or the beginning of 2013.  You know in addition to the Canadian crude that will be beneficial to us longer term though we’ve got the increases in the Columbian production, we’ve got Brazilian heavy suite coming into the market. First we got the Canadian and then we got the medium sour production increases that we are going to see out of Iraq. So as we look at the market for the medium sours and the heavy sours going forward we tend to be fairly optimistic.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Can you give us an update on the Quebec FCC?
Rich Marcogliese: The Quebec FCC is back in service, market was down for a total of 67 days and came up on April 11.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay is there tax due on the sale to PBF?
Mike Ciskowski: No.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: No tax on that, Mike?
Mike Ciskowski: It will be a very small amount. We do have a small gain on this to where the transaction is currently proposed, contemplated.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: How much mileage did you run in the first quarter and how does that compare to what you are doing now?
Bill Klesse: A little over 200,000 barrels a day in Maya in the first quarter and Joe for now?
Joe Gorder: Same about 225,000.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hey Bill, just want to ask a follow up on the ethanol. If the EPA less in next week give a waiver to increase the ethanol branding from 10% to 15%, but the auto industry would not give any guarantee on their vehicle to change it accordingly, will you or will Valero as a company, if the economy is there, willing to brand up to a 15% or that you would say there's too much of the legal liability and you don’t want to take that chance or you will wait until the auto industry gives the guarantee before you bring that. Just trying to understand which one will be the hurdle?
Bill Klesse: We are well aware of the experience with MTBE, where it was authorized and there was no effective product liability. So we’ll have to just wait and see what the rules look like, we will see what the autos really do and we will see, that’s why I was answering Chi earlier, there is going to have to be an awful lot of labeling involved if in fact it does become or does enter the market.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So in other words even if the EPA changed the regulation tomorrow that you guys would pick up maybe of the more cautious wait and see attitude.
Bill Klesse: Now that’s absolutely true. We will be extremely cautious.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Smith, are there any closing remarks?
Ashley Smith: I just want to thank everyone for listening to today’s call. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact me and the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ashley Smith - VP, IR Mike Ciskowski - EVP & CFO Bill Klesse - President, CEO & Chairman of the Board Gene Edwards - EVP, Corporate Development & Strategic Planning Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO  
Analysts:  Paul Cheng Jeff Dietert - Simmons Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Alexander Inkster - Sanford Bernstein Doug Terreson - ISI Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Ann Kohler - Caris
Operator: Good morning, at this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Corp. fourth quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Smith, you may begin your conference.  
Ashley Smith: Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese, our COO; Gene Edwards, our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; and Joe Gorder our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply as well as Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel.  If you have not received the earnings release, and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, feel free to contact me after the call.  Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Mike Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported a fourth quarter 2009 loss from the continuing operations of $155 million or $0.28 per share. This number excludes the $7 million in after-tax costs for severance and early retirement at the Paulsboro refinery and $20 million in after-tax asset impairment losses. Our GAAP results for the fourth quarter was a loss from continuing operations of $182 million or $0.32 per share.  I should note that the loss from discontinued operations shown in the financial tables relates to the Delaware City assets that were shut down in the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, the $1.2 billion after-tax charge consists of $66 million operating loss after taxes and an asset impairment and other shutdown charges of $1.1 billion after tax.  The fourth quarter 2009 operating loss was $179 million, excluding the special items already noted, versus $1.3 billion of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2008, which excludes the goodwill impairment taking last year. The key drivers of the decline in operating income was smaller discounts on sour crude oil and other feed stocks combined with lower margins on diesel and jet fuel. To put the smaller discounts in perspective, Maya discounts versus WTI decreased 50% year-over-year. Comparing the same periods for benchmark gold coast margins versus WTI, the ULSD margins decreased 66% year-over-year.  Also contributing to the decrease in operating income was the unfavorable effect from a year-end LIFO detriment of $66 million before taxes in 2009 versus a favorable effect from a LIFO increment of $327 million before taxes in 2008. The fourth quarter refinery throughput volume averaged at 2.1 million barrels per day which is inline with our guidance since Delaware City is a 113,000 barrels per day of throughput is excluded. However, fourth quarter 2009 volumes from continuing operations were 371,000 barrels per day below the fourth quarter of 2008, mainly due to lower utilization rates across our refinery systems caused by lower demand, planned downtime for maintenance at our Wilmington and Paulsboro refineries and the continued to idle status of our lubber requirement. Refinery cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2009 were $4.03 per barrel or $0.16 per barrel lower than the fourth quarter 2008 results due mostly to lower energy costs, but our focus on other cost reductions has also been successful. Comparing to full year 2008 versus 2009, our refinery operating expenses excluding depreciation and amortization were down $900 million. Much of this was due to lower energy and natural gas prices, but we estimate more than $215 million was due to our aggressive cost reduction efforts.  Looking at our other business segments, retail has continued to produce strong results with operating income in the fourth quarter of 2009 at $61 million, which is less, though, than the $163 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, mainly due to lower fuel margins in the US, which were partially offset by lower selling expenses.  For the full year 2009, retail earned at $293 million of operating income, making it the second best year for retail. Our ethanol segment had an excellent fourth quarter with $94 million of operating income, which is nearly, double the $49 million reported in the third quarter of 2009. The continued strong performance was due to higher margin and increased production volumes from the prior quarter.  Our timing with the initial acquisition could not have been better. In less than three quarters of operation, the initial seven ethanol plants have earned $165 million in operating income, and had yield an impressive returns on the $477 million purchase price.  General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $137 million in the fourth quarter which was $30 million lower than the third quarter and in line with our guidance.  For the fourth quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $356 million, which was lower than our guidance of $390 million, mainly due to the reclassification of the Delaware City refinery in to discontinued operations. Net interest expense was $113 million, which was in line with your guidance, but down from the third quarter due to lower interest expense on several tax matters. The effective tax rate benefit on continued operations in the fourth quarter was 39.5%, which was higher than our guidance.  In the fourth quarter, we had a loss, which means an increase in the tax rate is a benefit. The increase in the tax rate benefit resulted from a gain on the liquidation of Aruba inventory, which is not taxed. The gain lowered our consolidated loss, but because it is non-taxed, it increased the tax rate benefit. In addition, Congress passed the law in November 2009, allowing companies to carry back 2009 losses five years instead of two years. Carrying back to five years to 2004 enabled us to reduce certain recaptured tax items, such as the section 199 manufacturing deduction, and this also resulted in additional favorable tax rate benefits.  Regarding cash flows for the fourth quarter, capital spending was $600 million, which includes $114 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. For the year, capital spending was $2.7 billion which is a sizable decrease of nearly $600 million, when compared to 2008.  With respect to our balance sheet at the end of December, total debt was $7.4 billion, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $825 million, and we had over $4 billion of additional liquidity available. In addition to this existing liquidity, as previously mentioned, the 2009 net operating loss for taxes can be carried back up to five years to offset previously paid taxes. This will allow Valero to claim a sizable tax refund that we expect to receive in the second quarter of 2010.  At the end of 2009, our debt to cap ratio net of cash was 31%, which is far below the credit facility covenant that requires a ratio below 60%. In addition, we do not have any covenants with coverage-type ratios.  When you look back on 2009, it was clearly a very challenging year for the refining industry and Valero. Refined product demand, shrink in the face of the deep recession, driving down margins and discounts in a very competitive environment. Given these conditions, we took action and reduced costs, we cut capital spending, and we shut down plants that were dragging down our profitability.  We also stepped up and made a significant investment to enter the ethanol industry by buying seven plants out of bankruptcy at 30% of replacement costs. The returns have been outstanding so far, and we recently acquired two more plants and expect to close on a third plant this quarter.  The consensus industry outlook shows that 2010 will be another difficult year for refining margins and discounts. However, the strategic actions we have taken should enable to be profitable in 2010, even if we have another year of low margins like 2009. But due to the poor conditions and uncertainty of our industry, a high priority of Valero will be to maintain our financial strength in 2010. As part of this effort, we reduced our capital spending budget to $2 billion, which is a $700 million reduction from 2009 spending, and we reduced our dividend rate.  Throughout our system, we will continue to reduce costs, optimize our operations, and upgrade our portfolio of assets to improve our competitiveness. So far in 2010, we have had a couple of positive items to announce. Last week we agreed with the government of Aruba on a framework for a stable tax structure. The agreement will become effective upon approval by the Aruba parliament and other Aruba authorities.  The framework once fully effective is expected to resolve all prior tax disputes with the payment of $111 million, which was previously reserved in the third quarter of 2009. The $111 million payment is fully escrowed as restricted cash, separate from our year-end cash balance of $825 million. The framework will also effectively tax income at a rate of less than 10%, with an annual minimum tax payment of $10 million beginning mid-2012. We believe this structure has the potential to enhance Valero's strategic alternatives for the refinery and provide certainty as Valero's tax (inaudible) was set to expire at the end of this year.  In addition, we announced last week that we are in advanced negotiations to sell the shutdown refineries and terminal operations in Delaware City. Our discussions are ongoing, so I cannot provide more details at that point, but we will keep you informed when we finalize the terms.  Now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model (inaudible).
Ashley Smith: Thanks Mike. Modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. The Gulf Coast should be at 1.1 million to 1.15 million barrels per day. Mid-continent should be at 360,000, to 370,000 barrels per day. The Northeast should be at 340,000 to 350,000 barrels per day, and the West Coast should be at 260,000 to 270,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $4.45 per barrel, which is higher than last quarter due mainly to lower throughput volumes combined with slightly higher expected energy catalyst and chemical costs.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volume of 2.4 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation, to be around $135 million, net interest expense should be around $115 million, and total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $365 million.  Regarding our tax rate, in this margin environment, small changes in assumptions are yielding a very wide range of results for the effective tax rate, so at this point we would prefer not to provide guidance, which may not prove to be meaningful. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Paul Cheng.
Paul Cheng: You indicated what's just LIFO loss in the quarter. Is there any trading profit offsetting that loss or more than offset that loss in the quarter?
Mike Ciskowski:  No, in the fourth quarter, we had about a $40 million loss on our trading operations.
Paul Cheng: You actually have a loss in trading?
Mike Ciskowski: Small loss, yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay. In the trading loss, I presume that in the LIFO loss, you are being spread according to all different region, based on the throughput level. How about on the trading loss? Where did we see it in the result?
Mike Ciskowski: It's also spread the same way, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So, does it have a reduction to the margin? 
Mike Ciskowski: That would be correct.
Paul Cheng: Okay. On the special item, you have an asset impairment charge of $32 million, what projects does that relate to?
Mike Ciskowski: $32 million. Well, primarily it's related to the Port Arthur coking project. And that's about $30 million of it.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Just actually, out of curiosity, with your dividend, I understand why you cut it, but why only cut it to $0.05? Why not all the way that cut it down to zero? I mean from the shareholder standpoint whether you have that $0.05 or not doesn't really matter. Why don't we just do a more clean cut? Is there any particular rationale behind?
Mike Ciskowski: Obviously 2009 was a challenging year for us, and 2010 looks challenging also. We felt like, though that we needed to maintain some level of dividend to attract all potential investors, but we also wanted to cut it to a level that we felt was sustainable through the trough if you will and so we came out at this $0.05 per share.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Mike, can you tell us that what is the current carrying cost still on your book for Aruba? If that's anything on the diversity and also in (inaudible) including both the refinery and the terminal and the storage capacity?
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, the book value?
Paul Cheng: Yep.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. The billion dollars on Aruba.
Paul Cheng: Aruba is $1 billion? 
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, it is. Okay. And then on Paulsboro, it's $1.3 billion then on Del City, about $150 million.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Assume that Delaware City is all just related to the storage facility and all that? Its nothing to do with he refining [Multiple Speakers]
Mike Ciskowski: We have a little value, scrap value, if you will for the refinery, and we have a value for platinum too.
Paul Cheng: I see [Multiple Speakers]. Is that the kind of information that you guys will share in terms of the storage capacity that in those three regions, those three facilities, Delaware City, Paulsboro and Aruba what is on the site?
Mike Ciskowski: Paul, I'll tell you what, I guess to answer the question and I won't do it directly, but we look at this, we've got to look at it from a terminal perspective, rather than from an operating refinery perspective and so I really can't tell you right now, what the working capacity would be for both of those plants as terminals.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Dietert with Simmons. The way you've reported the full year '09 numbers in the back with Del City as discontinued operations, you've got $55 million of continuing operations excluding special items. So that adjust for Del City, I would assume that with your targeted operating cost, we could add some improvement from cost savings as well. You've got a full year of ethanol, and I was curious what you expect full-year volumes to be in the ethanol segment?
Mike Ciskowski: It's up around 2.8 million gallons per day if you kind of look at our existing seven plus our time frame for getting these new plants on track, around 2.8 million gallons per day.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Okay. So there is an incremental positive influence from a full year of ethanol, cost savings. Aruba, I assume was profitable in 1Q '09 and probably not profitable thereafter. Is Aruba profitability going to be meaningfully different in 2010 from 2009? What would that adjustment look like?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I tell you what we know if the show was running today, it would not be profitable. Okay? I mean, you've got a combination of factors Jeff. You have got the heavy sour discounts being where they are. You've got the kind of weak desolate cracks where they are, you know, VGO certainly comes in to play in this and VGO profits come off. So it wouldn’t be profitable running today. So, I would say our plan going forward for the rest of the year until it looked like it was profitable we wouldn't have any plans to start it up.
Ashley Smith: I might point out, Jeff though that, in 2010 we continue to depreciate Aruba, and so that is non-cash obviously, but that's going to show up as a loss, and then we have also agreed to pay the salaries, wages, and benefits until June of the employees, and so obviously that's going to show up as expense. And so, here in the first part of the year, you will see some loss associated with Aruba.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Was Aruba a net positive or net negative contributor to net income in 2009? For the full year?
Mike Ciskowski: For the full year they are operating income would have been about $130 million loss.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Now as far as inventory at Aruba, Paulsboro and Dell City, can you summarize what inventory you're currently holding at those three plants?
Unidentified Company Representative: We're liquidating the inventories at Aruba and Del City, okay? And I'm not sure exactly what the numbers are there today. I think we estimated it by the end of the month for example, Del City would be done at three million barrels from a six million barrels where we were at then of the year and Aruba is going to be almost zero, Jeff. And Paulsboro, we're still operating as a going concern and so there shouldn’t be any change in the inventories there.
Ashley Smith: And Jeff, I didn't mention that in my comments, but I mean obviously that is going to add to our liquidity sources. So we're going to get this cash from the inventory.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to make sure I capture in my expectations. Very helpful on comments. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: A bit of a strategic question, I want to ask divestitures and I understand your hesitancy to comment on Del City in negotiation, but would it be right to think that there could be a potential linkage between Delaware City as a terminal and a potential Paulsboro sale?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, we are working the Del City process as we described earlier, and we're also launching a separate process for Paulsboro going forward, which will probably start with the initial bids in the February timeframe and we'll just go from there as far as the actual closing date.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Is there any political support or kind of open issues from the Delaware side that could facilitate a Delaware transaction in an effort to save jobs or of the like?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, that's correct.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. If I follow up on Jeff's line of question and in to your comments, this is more to your statement about assuming whether refining margins in '09, that you'll be profitable in '10. That’s primarily driven on ethanol year-over-year kind of at the levels you talked about. He can assist you in the margin; give you close to over $100 million correct? And that also I think seems cost control and tax, I mean those are the three elements that support that assertion on the same year-over-year margins that is correct?   
Ashley Smith:  That's correct. I mean, yeah if you take 2009, in fact if you look at the reconciliation table on page five of our earnings table, we have kind of a 2009 excluding the special items at $55 million. Right now, we don’t expect the LIFO implement for 2010 and so add that back after tax after you $43 million. That cost us $100 million cost reduction to our may have mentioned in the press release. After tax it's around $60 - $65 million. And then if you just gross up for full year based on like 2.8 million gallons per day, reflective to capacity, just go look at what kind of operating income margins we've achieved for 2009 well over $100 million of potential drop in 2010 and that's just using 2009 price set. 
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: The stable tax structure when executed, the clarification tax holiday and liability. I mean is that a gain item in kind of your opinion on any potential disposition to the asset? And was that…
Ashley Smith: Having a stable tax arrangement with Aruba going forward since the refinery has shut down here, what's happening in 2010 as far as tax structure is not that important. But going forward, the agreement we have with Aruba is for 20 years. So, it absolutely makes for both Aruba and for us, gives us optionality here as we look for the proper transaction for that facility.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: What was the cost in 4Q and full year purchasing rents? And can we assume that terminal blending limitations would argue to purchase versus buying ethanol and blending it? And what do you expect the cost and volume to be in 2010 of purchase return assuming no change in government regulations. 
Mike Ciskowski: $11 million. Okay. Fourth quarter was $11 million. For the year it was just under $75 million. And I would say our budget for 2010 is probably $140 million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Inkster from Sanford and Bernstein.
Alexander Inkster - Sanford Bernstein: Another strategic question here. I was wondering, given the strong performance of the ethanol business so far, are you planning to continue expanding that business or was it really opportunistic and you are happy with the size of the business as it is?
Mike Ciskowski:  We are very pleased with the business class, we are very pleased with the ethanol business and up to the specific, what we expanded is exactly the same as we said before. We get nice [bolt on] opportunities here to buy quality assets at below what we consider below (inaudible) cost that fit in with the network we built. Yes, we'll look at acquiring and adding to more to this business. 
Ashley Smith: This is Ashley, I'd like to change. I do not expect us to spend a $140 million in 2010 on rent. The issue we get into is what is the price of a rent and its not that high as the number that Joe gave you for the budget as it is today. So, I would expect us to manage this and we will not spend that much money. It's very hard though for us to give you a number that really has to deal with price of rent. But the budget Joe gave you is $140 million but I do not expect us to spend that much for rent. Is there anything else, because we can't hear you? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Terreson with ISI. 
Doug Terreson - ISI: Most of the recent portfolio management activities and discussion for Valero have involved divestitures and closures and I realize that those are appropriate at this point in the cycle in a lot of cases but at the same time over the past couple of industry cycles in refining in today and ethanol, you guys have made a variety of acquisitions during pretty challenging industry periods, many of which led to value creation for shareholders as we all know. So my question is how do you feel about acquisitions today? That is are they even a consideration and if so, are the geographical or functional emphasis that make sense for the company and if so where are they and I am just talking about in the refining space.
Bill Klesse: This is Klesse. Your comment is exactly right. The difference though in this environment as we see it with alternate and renewable fuels taking gasoline market share also, with changes that are long term, we believe that the industry has to rationalize and consolidate here and this would be true both in Europe as well as North America and you are seeing examples happening right now in both places. So, having said that, we'll take one million to two million barrels a day long in both places of earning capacity. Now, at the same time we have a portfolio of refineries and we are always interested in improving our portfolio and so we can change into look at refineries that come on the market primarily we look in Europe and here in the North America. So you can see us continue to look. We're very careful. We want to be sure we are improving our portfolio, enhance shareholder value in the long run.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: A question for Joe, the West Coast has been soft so far in January and we're continuing to see imports of gasoline into the West Coast. Could you talk a little bit about the dynamics that are impacting the West Coast margin so far in this quarter?
Mike Ciskowski:  Well, Jeff, I mean I think if you look at the margins being weak right now, as much as this is kind of a preparation for the transition from winter grade to summer grade. You look at prompt margins there might be eight plus out there right now. They are 12 in February. So, I think that’s really what we're seeing. Demand isn’t strong there just as its not strong anywhere else. I think what we are seeing in the marketplace is more that than anything. 
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: And when do you shift from winter grade to summer grade and when is the requirement and when do you actually start making that shift?
Mike Ciskowski: February in the south and March 1, in the north. So, LA in February and San Francisco in March. 
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: And it looks as though desolate between the Gulf Coast and Europe has gone negative after a number of months of being positive. Could you talk about your desolate exports out of the Gulf Coast in both Europe and Latin America?
Mike Ciskowski: Sure. You are right. The (inaudible) is closed today probably by about $0.02 and we have seen a reduction in our exports from the Gulf Coast to Europe. We've got some of that volume turned up, those barrels continue to move but all the spot barrels aren’t. What we are seeing Jeff now, a bit more demand out of South America. I mean Peru and Chile are both taking barrels and so barrels that were previously moved into Europe are now headed south. Our export volumes will be down from where they were in December and last year. 
Jeff Dietert - Simmons: Okay. How significant a loss?
Mike Ciskowski: I would tell you if we were doing 15 to 20 a month last year, we're probably going to do 10 in January, cargos.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: It seems to me that you are more or less calling the bottom on U.S. refining here with your statements about the potential for profits in 2010 at least from your own point of view, a bottom. Going back to a couple of the regional questions we had. You pretty much lost money in every region here. How do you expect the regional dynamics of U.S. refining to play out? Are there any areas? Given that your profit view is based on a total corporate level. I was just wondering if there is any regions where you expect things to be relatively better or worse over the course of 2010? Thanks.  
Gene Edwards: Paul, this is Gene Edwards. I think when we look at, it's our world economy and everything is tied together. So I don't really see one area really doing much different than the other on a relative basis in 2009. So, the discounts are a little bit better in the mid-continent and you get a little bit better margin there but…
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I mean I guess what I was driving at is the shutdowns on the East Coast. Obviously there is different dynamics, is there a region where you've seeing more shutdowns on the East Coast. I was wondering whether you saw the potential unit for a bigger bounce on the East Coast, whether you are more focused on demand recovery on the West Coast or as you just mentioned some subtleties in the mid-con. Anything you could add about regional color would be great.  
Gene Edwards: Well the East Coast is influenced by imports. The refinery shutdown there I mean it's really just a small percentage overall demand there so usually the imports just kind of rebound the equation and we've seen East Coast raising above the Gulf at least. I remember years where the East Coast is actually negatively gulfed. So maybe there is a little improvement but I think we actually saw that all last year with the East Coast is a little bit over the Gulf too. So, imports are down, European economics are bad with (inaudible) of cracks over there. So we are seeing less imports than we saw last year, and last year, imports were down for the prior year. So that’s all helped to rebalance the equation as well. But all in all, I think you know its kind of the world dynamics are kind of what determined the cracks in each region, and unless you are in a real true niche area, you kind of just rebalance in it, (inaudible) of fluctuations, but overall we have a big change from…
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah great Gene thanks. This might well be a follow-up question for you. Given again that you are effectively saying that we've certainly seeing the bottom of assuming the '09 margins are about as bad as things can get. Would the portfolio rationalization program be limited now just to the ones that we know about in terms of some sort of action on Aruba, falls for it [does if you] obviously handled. Do you think beyond that now, the portfolio is as the portfolio would be for Valero on the disposable rationalization front? Thanks.
Gene Edwards: Yeah, I think that's all we see doing right now. I think after you have the discontinued ops in the rest of our portfolio, it looks pretty good until last year, and even with low margin environment, we think we've got refineries (inaudible). We still have got a couple of other refineries that didn't do as well last year, but we have plans to improve those operations through some minor things we're doing to the turnaround of 15 [indiscernible] we're doing like in Memphis and St. Charles that we're going to put those refineries back in the block as well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right. When do you think you'll get a resolution on Paulsboro? I mean would you expect the Delaware City type outcome as the ultimate way of handling that?
Gene Edwards:  Well we think it's a viable refinery that can be sold as it instead of a shutdown operationally Delaware City was, and we think we've got some interested parties. So we'll just add data how it plays out. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Ann Kohler from Caris. 
Ann Kohler - Caris: Good morning gentlemen. Could you just give a little bit of color on what you saw in terms of same store sales in terms of volumes as well as merchandise on at your retail operations here in the U.S. as well as in Canada for the quarter?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. In the US fourth quarter of 2008 versus 2009 and this is on a same store basis. Our gas was down about 4.7%. Diesel was up about 5.4% and in total it was like down, total fuel was 3.7%. On the inside sales we were up quarter-over-quarter 1.7% and that’s in the U.S. In Canada, Ann, I don’t have those volumes here with me. We'll have to get those to you.
Ann Kohler - Caris: And do you have any color regarding turnarounds for either the quarter or for the year?
Rich Marcogliese: Sure. This is Rich Marcogliese. We have a pretty significant turnaround activity here in the first quarter. The (inaudible), cat cracker and healthy units are down. Currently this is going to be about a 37 day outage. In February, we have a planned turnaround at the same St. Charles prudent cohort that’s based upon the overall economics of running the plant. Its is going to be a plant wide shutdown. We're going to take the opportunity to make some cat cracker repairs at the same time. Following that we will take the Memphis cat cracker down in March for a 45 day turnaround. This will provide an opportunity to do a large revamp project, over $200 million on this cat cracker which actually is one of our strategic projects, should increase operating income at Memphis over $100 million a year and then finally in the first quarter we have a hydro cracker outage Corpus Christi in March for 18. Beyond first quarter, then turnaround activity will subside but then it ramps up again in the fourth quarter and the main activity there will be the (inaudible) refinery plant wise turnaround which is scheduled for November.
Operator: At this time there are no further question.
Ashley Smith:  I just want to thank our shareholders for calling and listening to the call. If you have any questions, feel free to call investor relations department here at Valero. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith – Vice President Investor Relations Mike Ciskowski – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rich Marcogliese – Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Bill Klesse – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Gene Edwards – Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning
Analysts: Douglas Terreson – ISI Group Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse Roger Read – Natixis Bleichroeder Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley Neil McMahon – Sanford Bernstein Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Company International Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil Faisel Khan – Citigroup Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy third quarter earnings 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Smith, you may begin your conference.
Ashley Smith: Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO, Mike Ciskowski, our CFO, and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our Web site at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimers contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities law. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our SEC filings. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release we reported a third quarter 2009 net loss of $219 million or $0.39 per share, before the asset impairment pre-tax loss of $417 million. Including the asset impairment loss, our GAAP result for the third quarter was a net loss of $489 million or $0.87 per share. The asset impairment loss related mainly to the permanent shutdown of the gas supplier complex at our Delaware City refinery which was part of an effort to simplify the refinery's operations, make it more cost efficient and improve its reliability. The third quarter 2009 operating loss was $579 million versus $1.8 billion of operating income in the third quarter of 2008. Excluding the asset impairment loss from the third quarter of 2009, the operating loss was $162 million, which compares to operating income of $1.6 billion in the third quarter of 2008, excluding the $305 million gain on the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery and $43 million of asset impairment losses. The key drivers of the decline in operating income were lower margins on diesel and jet fuel and smaller discounts on our sour crude oil and other feedstocks. For example, looking at the benchmark Gulf Coast margins versus WTI, ultra low sulfur diesel margins decreased to 71% year-over-year. Comparing the same periods, Maya discounts to WTI decreased 56%.  Our third quarter refinery through-put volume averaged to 2.4 million barrels per day, which was in the range of our guidance, but 208,000 barrels per day below the third quarter of 2008. This decrease in volume was mainly due to lower utilization rates across our refinery system and the planned shutdown of the Aruba refinery throughout the third quarter. With respect to our reported operating costs, I should mentioned that as described in note four to the earnings tables, the asset impairment loss amounts for all periods have been excluded from operating costs in determining operating costs per barrel resulting in an adjustment in the operating cost per barrel previously reported. This should help clarify inter-period comparisons of our operating results. Refinery cash operating expenses in the third quarter of 2009 were $3.94 per barrel or $0.84 per barrel lower than our third quarter 2008 results due mostly to lower energy costs. But our focus on other costs has also been successful. Comparing the first nine months of 2008 versus 2009, our refinery cash operating expenses were down more than $700 million. As previously mentioned, much of this was due to lower energy and natural gas prices, but over $200 million was due to our ongoing efforts to reduce costs. Looking at our other business segments, I want to highlight that retail had an outstanding quarter with the highest ever operating income in a third quarter, at $111 million just beating the $107 million earned in the third quarter of 2008. This was due mainly to very good performance in both the U.S. and Canada and lower selling expenses. Retail also set a record for the highest earnings for the first nine months of the year, with $232 million of operating income. Our ethanol segment also had an excellent third quarter, with $49 million of operating income, which is more than double the $22 million reported in the second quarter of the year. The strong performance was due to all seven plants running nearly to capacity and capturing very good margins. And October margins have continued to be favorable. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation were $167 million in the third quarter. The increases of $44 million versus the second quarter and $32 million versus our guidance were primarily due to a $40 million increase in legal reserves.  For the third quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $389 million which was in line with the second quarter and our guidance. Net interest expense was $124 million which was higher than our guidance mainly due to the reduction in capitalized interest on project deferrals and cancellations. It was also higher than the expense of $82 million in the second quarter, primarily due to a reversal of accrued interest on a sales tax audit that settled in our favor last quarter and lower capitalized interest on the previously-mentioned project deferrals. The effective tax rate was 30% which is in line with our guidance. As described in note 13 to our Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2009 we are awaiting the decision from the Netherlands Arbitration Institute regarding our dispute of a turnover tax on export sales that the government of Aruba enacted in 2007. If the decision is announced prior to the filing of the Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2009 and if the decision has a material impact on our third quarter 2009 financial results then we will update our earnings release to conform with our Form 10-Q filing. Regarding cash flows for the third quarter, capital spending was $521 million which includes $52 million of turnaround in catalyst expenditures. For the year, capital spending is projected to be $2.7 billion.  The increase from prior guidance is primarily due to accelerating certain projects into 2009 to take advantage of favorable tax treatment and the acceleration of some turnaround activity which I will discuss in a moment. For 2010 we continue to expect total capital spending in the range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion.  With respect to our balance sheet at the end of September, total debt was $7.4 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.6 billion and we had $4.5 billion of additional liquidity available, both similar to last quarter. At the end of the quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio, net of cash was 26.5% which is far below the credit facility covenant that requires a ratio below 60%. As you can see, we continue to have a comfortable cash balance and plenty of liquidity. However, I think you all would agree given the loss we incurred this quarter and the expectation of another loss in the fourth quarter, we may need to evaluate our dividend-to-payout level. As stated in our last dividend release, if industry conditions do not improve measurably, the dividend level will have to be re-evaluated. As to the refining outlook, low product margins and narrow sour crude discounts were the key drivers of our third quarter operating loss. And although the feedstock discounts had rebounded recently, product margins have weakened so we expect overall throughput margins for the fourth quarter to be similar to what we experienced in the third quarter. In addition, this margin environment factored into our decision to advance the turnaround activities from the first quarter of 2010 to this quarter at our Wilmington and Delaware City refineries where both refineries will undergo essentially plant-wide shutdowns. As a result, we currently expect a loss in the fourth quarter at least as large as the third quarter loss excluding special items. Also, in the fourth quarter, we expect to report approximately $35 million of special charges for severance costs related to our activities to improve profitability at the Delaware City and Paulsboro refineries. Our strategy in these conditions remains the same. We are working to maintain our strong balance sheet and ample liquidity and focusing on matters within our control, our cost of structure and optimizing operations.  Bill's quote in the press release clearly shows we're taking action and getting results. We will continue our systematic approach to improving profitability. Our efforts to make Valero more competitive means we should capture more earnings as the economy picks up, demand return and margins recover. And now I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: For modeling our fourth quarter operation, you should expect our refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges, Gulf Coast at 1.15 million to 1.2 million barrels per day, Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 390,000 barrels per day, Northeast at 430,000 to 440,000 barrels per day and West Coast at 230,000 to 240,000 barrels per day.  Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $4.50 per barrel which is higher than last quarter due mainly to lower throughput volumes combined with the effect of higher expected energy prices. Regarding our ethanol operations in the fourth quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 2.2 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.38 per gallon including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the fourth quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation and amortization to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $390 million, and we estimate a 30% effective tax rate. That concludes our prepared remarks. [Latika], we will now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Douglas Terreson – ISI Group.
Douglas Terreson – ISI Group: My question has to do with some of Mike's comment on costs and specifically how the operating actions that you guys have taken in the last couple of months are likely to affect the non-energy component of operating expenses in coming quarters or whether you feel we've already seen the majority of those benefits. And also, whether some of the asset reviews you guys have undertaken elsewhere in the system have uncovered significant opportunities on the cost side either operating or SG&A, and so just any update on the hope for cost improvement over the next couple of quarters would be appreciated.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, on a year-to-date basis on the resigning OpEx on the $200 million, a big piece of that was due to lower maintenance expenses which a lot of that is less contractors at our refineries. The salaries, wages and benefits has also been reduced over our refining system by about $50 million and that's nine months. Professional fees and outside services has also been reduced by about $20 million, so a lot of little things like this that I think Rich and his organization are focusing on to reduce the cost at the refineries.
Richard Marcogliese: Yes, Doug, let me add a little more color onto that. We've initiated a number of improvement activities and I would say bottom-line where we are today, we've probably taken $150 million a year of cost out of our system and it relates to a number of categories. We're being a lot closer on prioritization of maintenance work and contractor resources, so we're working that aggressively. We're working non-capital related energy utilization improvements through stewardship and just tighter operations. We're controlling plant overtime and we are also taking a look at our refineries where they are out of line with efficient staffing levels and we are implementing reduction programs. As was noted, we're taking out about 150 people from Delaware City and have plans to take out about 100 positions in Paulsboro, and those efforts are under way currently. So though a lot of intense expense focus self-help kind of items, I think we feel good about eliminating about $150 million per year in cost.
Douglas Terreson – ISI Group: And just to clarify, that's over and above or that's already included in some of the gains you guys have made non-energy so far?
Bill Klesse: Yes, some of that was reflected in Mike's comments on [$100 billion]. But I would say the running rate today is about $150 million a year less.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: I've got two questions. One, I guess a follow-up to what Doug was talking about. Can you go through a little bit more of the specifics that you're doing at Paulsboro apart from eliminating 100 positions? And is what you're doing there applicable to any other refineries? In other words, should we expect to hear an announcement that this kind of program is rolling out to other plants in the future? And then, I have a quick follow-up on ethanol.
Rich Marcogliese: Well, what I would say for one on the Paulsboro program in general, we benchmark all of our refineries first quartile metrics really in every category of performance. And where we have determined that we are long we have generally implemented reductions.  In the case of Paulsboro, it was one little larger reductions and that's why we've cited that specifically. But we are doing this across the board at all of our plants. But we do have a number of our plants that are already at Q1 levels and so any adjustments are more minor in nature.
Bill Klesse: We have made revisions at Wilmington refinery and we're looking at changes at our Three Rivers refinery, so we have the new Salomon benchmarking that the studies come out. We have made significant improvements. We didn't capture when we talked about the billion dollar program. However, what has happened is because of our efforts, we haven't increased as much as many of our others relative to EDC.  And so we've gotten about a half a billion dollars of improvements relative to our competition and now we're basically a Tier II refinery in many of these categories where I've mentioned several times in the past we're a Tier III or IV. So our group has been making progress on all of these.  Other items we continue and have done. We've saved $3 million on security guards. We consolidated accounts payable. We are consolidating and in the process of doing work in IT, our IS organization, which will save us $10 million to $15 million.  We've outsourced medical claim filing which has saved us $10 million to $15 million, and we have numerous items like that in initiatives going on throughout our company here to get our costs much better aligned for a more competitive environment.
Mark Flannery – Credit Suisse: And maybe I could just ask on ethanol, you've made a lot of money in ethanol. It's a relatively new business for you. Do you have any idea of why the ethanol margins are so strong right now? It seems a little counterintuitive to underlying demand for gasoline and the rest of it. Do you expect this to continue through the fourth quarter or soften up?
Gene Edwards: Yes, we're seeing demand. We seeing ethanol demand ramp up. It's gotten up to about $2.20 a gallon in the East Coast right now. I think partly it's just the stronger crude prices and gasoline leading it up. But actually ethanol is up more than gasoline. When you get the blender's credit, it's still possible to blend. We're seeing ethanol in about a little over 80% of the gasoline in the United States right now. And then there's the RFS ramps up again next year, another – this year, I think 685,000 barrels a day and next year goes to 785,000 barrels a day. So I think there's just continued demand for ethanol and we still have a number of plants that are still shut down from the crisis they were in late last year when we bought the plants.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read – Natixis Bleichroeder.
Roger Read – Natixis Bleichroeder: Kind of following up on the ethanol question there, obviously runs full out for you in the quarter. There's some excess capacity out there. What do you all see as the next step for ethanol? Do you invest more in it? Do you just sort of sit where you are? What are the options here?
Gene Edwards: Well, we're looking at some other options right now but obviously with the margins improving – a lot of those plants are even in bankruptcy. Everybody's trying to hang on a little longer to try to ride it out, until they get the plants running again. The other factor I failed to mention, too, is Brazilian ethanol is very tight. It's like $2.20 a gallon. It's above New York, so there have virtually been no imports into our market in the past few months.
Bill Klesse: I think if you're asking us a little more strategically, the business has worked out for us very well. Gene's group had purchased these assets earlier in the year. Obviously, it's worked out. And so as we look at the business, we feel very strongly that ethanol is going to be part of the fuel mix going forward. And so we'll continue to look for, what I've said in the past, things that we can add on to this core business. We have a significant stake. We can make 50,000, 51,000 barrels a day of ethanol and I think you'll see us try to do little add-on niche plays here along with it. We've also announced a joint venture with Darling on biodiesel, at least a letter of intent, and we're working on that, to put in at St. Charles Refinery in New Orleans. And so we see all these alternatives being part of the mix. And you'll see us to continue to add to this business, but prudently.
Roger Read – Natixis Bleichroeder: And kind of following along there, there's a lot of talk here along the Gulf Coast of using I guess it's algae to essentially make ethanol. Have you done anything or looked at anything significantly along that line?
Gene Edwards: Yes, we have partnership in a project there. It's with Solix and we've got some money into that project. It's small capital at this point, but it's a development project. Algae has a lot of potential because you can grow so much per acre of land and you don't even have to have fertile land to grow it. So I think there is a lot of potential. But I do think it's years away as far as any commercial type application as far as big volume.
Bill Klesse: Yields can be very high and it can be a CO2 sink.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: I had a question whether or not there's any update on potential asset sales? You've been clear over time those assets you might be sellers of and, if buyer interest is improving, as some stories suggest? I mean – and what do you believe will be the primary logjam in selling an asset? I mean is it price, lack of buyer, challenging environment, all of the above? And I have a follow-up.
Gene Edwards: This is Gene again. It is a buyer's market today. Obviously the margin's down. There's lots of refineries that are available, some that have already been shut down. So it is difficult to find buyers right now. A lot of the smaller independent refineries don't have the balance sheet to be too aggressive right now. You saw Holly made the acquisition, I guess.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Gene Edwards: But it's difficult right now to find buyers.
Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley: I mean conversely and beyond the company's cost savings initiatives I mean how do you think about or what kind of levels do you think about in terms of any asset rationalization within your portfolio?
Bill Klesse: Well, if you're asking are we looking for alternatives, the answer is we've announced that we have three refineries that we are clearly looking at strategic alternatives, Aruba, Delaware City and Paulsboro. And then I think Gene's – well, and those strategic alternatives would include every option here to improve our performance. And so we'll look and we'll continue to look at those alternatives. And Gene gave you a little synopsis of the overall business, so those are the three plants that we're looking at options.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil McMahon – Sanford Bernstein
Neil McMahon – Sanford Bernstein: Just a few questions on the micro scene, just looking at demand, anything you're seeing, estimate as in terms of recovery in diesel demand, maybe looking outside the seasonal effects. Obviously, maybe looking over on the West Coast seeing any pickup there, from any container shipments or, indeed, anywhere in the country. And secondly, you started to talk about your hope that light-heavy differentials will open up into next year. Anything that you're seeing that gives you any security that that may happen, potentially increased OPEC supply?
Richard Marcogliese: Well relative to diff lifts, you know, within the system we aren't seeing any significant change and you see the same stats that we see every week and we haven't seen any material increase there. Now, the trucking indexes seem to be improving here. So hopefully we will see increase in demand as we go forward. Now, from an export perspective, we moved 135,000 barrels a day on average through the third quarter. So those volumes continue to be steady, although of late, we've seen the [R] closed and so those volumes are declining a bit now. We do have some of that volume termed up so we'll continue to move it, but we're not seeing anything that I would say makes us change our view that diesel demand is going to be a struggle to get economic recovery, but for the time being it will continue to be steady.
Bill Klesse: In our company operated retail, Mike can tell you some of those.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, on our third quarter '09 versus third quarter '03 our gasoline volumes are down about 1%, but our diesel volumes are up about 5.5%. And if you look at October versus October, the gasoline is about the same. The diesel's up 8.8%
Richard Marcogliese: And you asked about the light-heavy differential, also; was that correct? Okay. Well, you know the markets for sour crude are still in tight supply. And I think that we've seen that OPEC compliance here of late isn't as strict as it was earlier in the year. We've also had a flattening of the forward curve for WTI which has brought the front end prices up a bit which have helped increase the discounts. And then there's been some increasing availability of 3% fuel oil resulting from uneconomic coker operations and really reduced coker runs which all have combined to ease the pressure on the discounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Company International
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Company International: You recognize an asset impairment at Delaware City gasifier and on some of the capital projects. Could you talk about the process that you go through for evaluating other asset impairments at Aruba or other places and when you expect that to occur?
Bill Klesse: Well we did complete an asset impairment test for all our refineries in the third quarter and we basically developed a price forecast and then come up with cash flows for each of the refineries and add those cash flows back and compare it to the book value. And we did do that and did not have any other asset impairments other than what we reflected on the gasifier and those other projects in the third quarter.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Company International: So that asset impairment was across the entire portfolio?
Bill Klesse: Yes, it was. It was a test, the asset impairment test we did across the entire portfolio. 
Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Company:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company:  Thanks, good morning guys, a couple of things. Mike, I think you mentioned a $40 million legal reserve add, what was that for?
Mike Ciskowski: Well it was related to some litigation that we have outstanding that we've just increased the reserve.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company:  Could you be more precise?
Unidentified Corporate Participant:  We don't really release details on our legal reserves.
Bill Klesse:  I would tell you, Mark, just to give you some it's a settlement that we're believe we're going to be able to reach pending a Premcor acquisition liability and so until we have everything completely final, but we went ahead and booked the reserve of $40 million.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company: On the Aruba tax, what's the exposure on that should the arbitration go unfavorably?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay, on the, I guess on the BBO and then there's also a little bit on dividend withholding. And when I say the BBO I mean the turnover tax, that's kind of another name for it. It's about $0.24 per share.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company:  That's combined, Mike?
Mike Ciskowski: That is combined and we do have, –we have that escrowed already the big chunk of that. 
Bill Klesse:  But not booked.
Mike Ciskowski: Not booked, that's right, $0.24 on earning.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company:  You talked a little bit about acceleration of the capital program for tax purposes. Is that because of the accelerated deductibility of expenditures completed in 2009?
Mike Ciskowski: That's correct.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company:  And Mike, your comments regarding the anticipated fourth quarter loss and its relationship to third quarter, is that inclusive of the severance charges that you mentioned, or exclusive?
Mike Ciskowski: It would be exclusive.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company:  Okay and just one final one if I could. At the point that you decided to shut Aruba down, was it cash flow positive?
Mike Ciskowski: No, it was not. Not in the second, third quarter it was not cash flow positive.
Bill Klesse:  To give you a sense, it does move around a little, and I'm going to deal in gross margin. So it's clearly not cash positive. And then on a gross margin and actually in one month it was negative, the next month it was slightly positive, then it went negative again.  But we actually had a negative gross margin in Aruba having to do with the lack of a sour crude discount because remember, it's a coking refinery – it's just like an up-grader, it's really just a coker with some desulfurization. So we had this negative gross margin and you put on our operating expenses on top of it and we had very negative cash flow.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company :  Okay, I lied, there is one more. As you re-evaluate the dividend what criteria are you going to be looking at guys?
Bill Klesse:  Well we, our yield today is over 3%. We obviously are incurring a loss as we – this quarter and we said we're going to have one in the fourth. As we look to next year, we believe that the economy has or is bottoming, but employment is going [allowed] coming back. I don't know if it'll get over 10% by the end of the year or not, but it looks that way. We sell fuels. We sell petrochemical feedstocks.  So we're really looking at how long this recovery's going to take. We look at our cash position. It's very good. We do have certain capital spending that we have to do. We're building a scrubber at Benicia. We have [MSAT2] which is benzene removal and these things have to be done by the end of the year.  We have several other opportunities as we look at our overall cash, our debt repayment next year is very low, so that's – I think it's only $36 million counting capitalized lease. There are leases to come due. So we're just looking at our overall cash position relative to the earnings and then our yield. 
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company:  Can you be any more specific, Bill, in terms of financially oriented metrics?
Mike Ciskowski:  You know I don't really think so, Mark. I mean we're just going to be re-evaluating it as we go through the quarter.
Mark Gillman – The Benchmark Company: I mean I guess I'm just kind of wondering with the outlook being what it is and the expectations regarding the 2010 capital picture. If you were going to do it, why didn't you do it already?
Bill Klesse:  Well we feel that we're very shareholder-focused. We know that when we think the economy is bottoming, we think our business will improve; it's just at what rate. And this'll be a management recommendation as we get into January to our board. It's a board decision and we'll bring all the factors to bear. But we just made this decision to not have done it already and to see what develops here as we complete this year and get into next.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Maybe this is for Rich or Gene, in California, are you guys now branding at 5.7% of ethanol or is it already higher than that? And if it's the case, at what level and do you know if California as a whole is a closer to 10% or is really closer to 5.7% at this point?
Mike Ciskowski: It's 5.7% today in California.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  And do you know the industry as a whole in California is pretty close to 5.7%?
Mike Ciskowski: I don't know. Do you know Gene?
Gene Edwards: Well the state has passed new blending rules which take effect in January which permit blending up to 10%. We have implemented projects or they're in progress at both Benicia and Wilmington to prepare for that so I suspect the industry is going to migrate up to that level as we get into next year.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Bill the diversity and the [pass-through] now that you're under the strategic review and you're also going through some restructuring, cost reduction. In the – after all this initiative on the cost reduction and shut down of some units, how long you need to take it for you to get a reasonable period of observation to decide whether those two ultimately that may need to follow the footprint of Aruba being shut down. I mean how that process will work?
Bill Klesse:  That's a fair question. In Delaware we're going to have to do a turnaround in the cat cracker and that's scheduled to start about mid-month in November and run for almost 60 days. And so we're going to fix the cat and so the plant will basically be down for nearly two months.  During that time we'll see what's going on with our crack spreads. We'll see what the sour crudes discounts –because remember, we've shut the coker down but the plant tends to be close to a heavy sour refinery more heavy than just the medium sour. So we'll look at it over the next several of months and we're also seeing what other alternatives are out there.  But this takes time and it's also dependent on the crack. As I answered Mark earlier, even in Aruba where we shut down at a gross margin level, it has moved around so that there would have been a contribution in one or two of the months. Then in the other months it was beneficial to stay down and for the whole quarter it was beneficial to stay down.  So we'll see how this develops over the next several months. Inventories are getting better. If you look at the distillates, if you look at gasoline inventory relative to demand, these items all are looking to us much better. We get a cold winter in here the distillates will come back, so we're just going to play it out. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  So if that means that as long as that you are running it maybe, cash flow breakeven then the facility is not necessary going to be shut, you will only shut it if you have negative cash flow margin or negative margin?
Bill Klesse:  No, we may – I'm not saying we're going to shut it in any case because there's a lot of value there. But if you think historically what shuts down a refinery, you tend to run at a neutral cash margin by adjusting your operating rate at what I'll call a sophisticated refinery. Aruba tends to be a little different. But in a sophisticated refinery you're balanced to an operating rate and then capital spending becomes the determinant here and if a large capital spending is required going forward that tends to push refineries into a shutdown situation or at least some form of rationalization. What we have at Delaware City is we've tried to run this gasifier and that has affected the entire reliability of the operation because it produces steam as well as power. And when we've had upsets we've gotten into a steam imbalance which then causes the reliability of the refinery to be a problem.
 : We get through that we'll see how we look at next spring. We'll have a different operation. We're going to make 20,000 or so barrels a day in fuel oil out of the facility. And we expect our economics to look a lot better. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  How about Paulsboro?
Bill Klesse:  Well, Paulsboro is driven largely by the lube margin as well as its general operation. Valero's invested a lot of money there over the years. Our people are doing are doing a very fine job on reliability you'd notice that the plant runs very, very well. But lube margins are very depressed and historically lubes have been a significant contributor to that performance.  So again and I know you guys are thinking, well, we're just waiting for the economy and that's not true because we're attacking cost structure. But at the end of the day we sell fuels we sell petrochemicals and in the case of Paulsboro we sell lubes. And these are all part of the economy.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Can you remind me, what's the lube production in Paulsboro? And also I think at the time when you guys bought it from Mobil you have signed an off-ticket agreement. Is that off the agreement already expired?
Bill Klesse:  No, the agreement has not and that goes through 2017. And but there are options around the lube operation, in other words, Valero couldn't – can make economic decisions but then under the agreement with ExxonMobil we have to provide certain services for ExxonMobil because they have their operation there across the street from a refinery so you come through the dock. But historically it's a 10,000 barrel a day business but it's had very good margins. This is a Group I lube and even though there's been plants shut down Group I lube plants shut down, the facts are that the margins over the years have been just excellent.  They were excellent last year and it contributes in the range historically as I tell you it's 30% to 40% of the profitability of the refinery on those Group I lubes. Exxon does not take all of the volume either. We have a business that sells these lubes to other people. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Yes I could have – my number of quick balance sheet information, the inventory the market [ladder] in excess of the book by the end of the third quarter, working capital, the long-term debt component of your total debt.
Mike Ciskowski:  Our total current assets are about $10.9 billion cash is $1.6 billion so current assets less cash was $9.3 billion. Total current liability is at $7.6 billion, current maturities are only $213 million. So our current liabilities less maturities is $7.4 billion and our net working capital is $1.9 billion, market values of inventories.
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital: I thought that you say current asset is 10.9 and current liability is 7.9 so your working capital should be 3?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I had to reduce the assets by cash and then the current liabilities about the last year current maturities. Then the market value of the inventory is about $7.4 billion, that's about $3.2 in excess of the LIFO value. 
Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital:  Mike, did you say 3.2 above the book value?
Richard Marcogliese: Yes, and then the long-term debt and capital leases at the end of September is $7.3 billion – or $7.4 billion.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil:  My questions have already been answered. But I did want to go back to the comments Joe I believe was making on the crude differentials. Obviously over the past several weeks I think we've seen just using kind of WTI-Maya Spread move from about $4.00 or $5.00 a barrel up to about $8.00 a barrel. And I was just curious if you could give us some kind of feel for if we're beginning to approach the point where coking economics are getting close to being profitable here?
Gene Edwards: Yes, they are Blake, and Rich can speak to this also. But I guess it's just been in the last couple of weeks that we have – the models have shown the LTs have shown that it is economic to run some of the cokers.
Richard Marcogliese: Yes, it now it's not a signal to fill them all up. We have looked to buy residual fuels on a wholesale level. We've run them to capacity at our coker at Texas City. And actually Texas City has the best coking economics because it has a lot of hydro-processing capacity. So we're beginning to see it and we are responding to it but I would say we're still a ways away for filling up all of our coker capacity which is why at Delaware City that large fluid coker will remain down.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil:  And Rich just to confirm, you take a longer term approach on that or a view three or four month kind of outlook before you begin to aggressively attack it, is that correct?
Richard Marcogliese:  Well, I mean we review our economics on a monthly basis for kind of marginal throughput on the Coker's that are remaining in service. Now for something like Delaware City we would take a longer view probably several months to see if we've got the market structure which would support reactivating the unit. As Bill mentioned this is probably going to be something that we will re-evaluate in the spring.
Gene Edwards: And Blake just to elaborate a little bit, we're buying feeds well in advance and so you've got to be fairly certain that you've got a decent margin before you're going to go buy feeds to fill the cokers.
Richard Marcogliese: And I mean that is a good point on the Delaware City operation in its current configuration, we're running a lighter crude slate. And so a decision to restart the coker we've got to plan probably a month to two months in advance to put the right heavy crudes in front of it. So it ends up being a bigger decision.
Blake Fernandez – Howard Weil: That's helpful, thanks. The only other one I had, I just wanted to get confirmation. Bill, is it fair to say that you guys are still evaluating acquisition opportunities internationally with distillate leverage?
Bill Klesse:  Absolutely, and on acquisitions we're going to continue to look both internationally as well as here in the U.S. on things that we believe would add value. Shareholder value would improve our portfolio make us more competitive. But you as I think you've already sense we're going to be very, very conservative and be very confident that we're making the correct decision.  I know some people didn't agree with us but we thought TRN was a good opportunity for Valero and its shareholders and we lost the deal but we thought it was a good opportunity. And if we see something like that come along again we will pursue it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line Faisel Khan – Citigroup.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup:  Just curious with the shutdown of the Aruba and the reduced operating rates in the other facilities, what does that do for your inventory balance? Do you take down inventories and realize some of those barrels?
Gene Edwards: Our inventories haven't been reduced.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Is there any way to quantify that? Have you generated cash from those inventories?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes well, through the year I mean we've a – our inventories have gone down about 4 million barrels since the beginning of the year. So we had generated some cash, I would say roughly $500 million through the year on a year-to-date basis and from the inventory reduction.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: How do you vision that kind of going forward?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, we're evaluating that as we speak. I mean we're looking – we've got several refineries that are in reduced rates and so we're ascertaining what our inventory requirements will be at year end.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup:  Going back to one of the tax questions, I know you've accelerated some of your CapEx to take advantage of some of those tax benefits and just kind of rationalize how that works in a year where you're basically generating a GAAP loss? How do you benefit from those tax credits if you carry those forward?
Mike Ciskowski:  Yes, well what happens is we will have a tax carry back, so we'll get a refund from the 2007 tax return.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Have you guys calculated what that benefit could be?
Mike Ciskowski:  We're still in the process of determining all of our tax write offs and so it's hard to really – I mean, I can't give you a real solid number today.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. In terms of CapEx for next year, can you remind us where we're at in the planning phase and where you might be for next year?
Bill Klesse: Well our guidance Mike gave you is between $2 million to $2.5 billion. But clearly as we look at this market if it doesn't come back for us as we're anticipating, we're going to continue to work that down. But as I said earlier, we have a very large scrubber project, which is – spending next year is going to be almost $400 and some odd million at the Benicia refinery, which has to be done by the end of '10. And we have [MSAT2], which is benzene removal, which is largely about $350 million of spending for next year.  So we have those and that has to be done by the end of the year. So we have two projects here that have to finish next year that are going to total around $700 million to $800 million. That's barely – and once end of '10 is one, then those are gone but we have to get those two done, so where our guidance is, 2 to 2.5 at this point. 
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: And then if you do find a transaction or an asset that you guys like as you – that you believe would fit well into the portfolio, how would you envision financing that?
Bill Klesse: Well I'd like to say we'll wait and see what it looks like and the size and so it just – we're going to maintain though if this what you're asking, we are going to maintain our balance sheet in this environment. And we're investment grade rating and we're going to stay that way.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: Going on about the cash if I could, Bill. If I look at your cash flow from operations as taken to be net income plus DB&A, I've got about $170 million for the quarter. And then CapEx of 521 including turnaround, dividends of 84, I get a negative cash burn of about $434 million. You just told us that your inventory drawdown for the entire year was at 500.  I was thinking that it was going to be an Aruba working capital shift but given that your debt didn't change or in fact went down for the quarter, I was wondering what I was missing in terms of I guess the working capital item?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, I mean if you look just at the third quarter, the items that we've provided, you listed most of them but we also had the asset impairment add back. And so when you sum all those three items, it implies a cash reduction of about $280 million. And when you look at what we haven't provided for you is deferred tax and so we had a negative deferred tax of 177 and then a source of funds at working capital of about 450. And when you net those two numbers, that's a change of – that's a source of funds of $280 million and so most of the working capital change was due to a decrease in our net receivables-payables position. 
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: And how would that flow through to Q4 and if we kept the same margins, which we're kind of – I guess we're saying based on your guidance for Q4, basically saying that we expect the margins to be similar in Q4 to what we saw in Q3. If I was to try and get to a normalized cash flow from operations and a spending number, how could you help me do that allowing for the other stuff we've got going on here?
Mike Ciskowski: Well it's hard to project the working capital changes due to – from the receivables-payables because they can move around from quarter to quarter a little bit. But I mean we typically – I mean in a flat crude environment you won't see a lot of change from quarter to quarter in our receivables-payables number. I mean, inventory, we haven't forecasted the decrease in inventories and the additional decrease at this point but we are evaluating that. And so there may be a little bit sourced but we don't typically forecast huge increases or decreases in our working capital requirement.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: Fair enough but can you – I guess it might be too much to ask but the change in Aruba I guess is the big element here that was a big plus that would be unsustainable, right?
Bill Klesse: Well I think if you're asking as a general statement, if we maintain – if we move these projects forward, so we have the turnarounds going on at Wilmington and Delaware City, so it's fair to say we're going to consume some cash during the fourth quarter unless we take other actions with our inventories.  And we're only operating on refineries in the low 80% range. So as Mike was saying, we still have opportunity here to get our inventories in better balance relative to our operating rates. But if everything else is held constant, we're going to pull down some cash here in the fourth quarter.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: I understand, Bill. And then on the CapEx, you've pulled four projects. Obviously the natural expectation would be that the amount that you've pulled forward would come out of next year. I think we've all been kind of driving towards that idea.  That seems to be the logical way to look at it right, that we should just reduce what we are previously seeing for next year's CapEx by the amount that you've pulled forward into Q4.
Bill Klesse: Well, you can do that but I'm also giving you guidance of $2 billion to $2.5 billion. 
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: Right well I'm – I guess –
Bill Klesse: But your point is correct, where we've moved the Wilmington turnaround clearly up into this year, right, it's an avoided cost for next year. 
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Yes, I mean I guess –
Bill Klesse: Per this year.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: And it probably doesn't bear making but I'll say what I was thinking is just that you're not adding any projects for next year, right?
Bill Klesse: Not today, although I will tell you hydrogen, you do not not want to be generating hydrogen from reformers in this world that we're looking at, so we are looking at some small hydrogen plants at some of our refineries because obviously it's a very, very attractive to generate hydrogen from natural gas. And we view those as relatively low risk projects. But and so these are things you'd expect us to be doing as this world has changed so much. But as a general statement, we are going to attempt to reduce our capital spending.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: Great and if I could just have one more follow-up, which might be too much to ask in terms of any of us getting a good answer, but how does the dollar and the weakness of the dollar affect you guys, Bill, at the highest level? Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, I'd let Mike answer on the currency transactions but you guys would appreciate better than we can figure out how it's affecting crude oil price. But Mike can tell you on the company though.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, well and most of our stuff is in U.S. dollars, so it hasn't affected that much. We do have a little bit of Canadian foreign exchange risk that we do hedge but it's not material. 
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess you might think that some imports of product are kept out by a weak dollar but the net damage done by the higher crude price is probably – I mean, a weaker dollar is probably worse for you guys on balance.
Gene Edwards: Yes, I would think – we truly believe that the weak dollar is driving the crude price up. It's one of the factors.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes and then the weak demand environment, that then drives margins down. So if we could get a situation where the dollar's strengthened, we could see a widening of margins.
Bill Klesse: We certainly like that idea. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company: Hey, Mike, is the book value at Del City at September 30 after the impairment? Am I guessing you had about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion, is that right?
Mike Ciskowski: That's good. It's 1.65, that's after the impairment.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company: Given your comments regarding the inventory picture, isn't it reasonable to assume that there will be a potentially sizable LIFO benefit, which will record in 4Q even if you don't reduce further from current levels?
Mike Ciskowski: Actually from a book perspective, we'll have a decrement there and it will be a loss. 
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company:  Can you put some specifics on that, Mike?
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I mean I don't have the exact number. We're evaluating different operating plans. Our LIFO barrels are down –were down at the end of September about 4 million barrels from our LIFO base. And so it's a complicated calculation determining what the book loss is because it depends on which products are down, but we are evaluating that at this particular time. But it looks like we will have a decrement that will result in a loss.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company: So that becomes part of the year-end balance sheet picture then?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, that's correct.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company: Bill, you just made a comment regarding you don't want to use reformers to generate hydrogen. I understand what you're saying in terms of natural gas, but isn't it correct that hydrogen's basically a by-product of the reforming process?
Bill Klesse: Well, it is but it depends on the severity. Today octane you just don't need octane. If you think about ethanol, it's got such high octane the world has changed dramatically here in the need for octane. So as you increase your severity in a reformer because you want octane you make hydrogen. So now if you're in a situation, for instance, Delaware City, we do – we have a small hydrogen plant?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes.
Bill Klesse: We have a small hydrogen plant there but we need additional hydrogen at Delaware City so we have to run the reformers at higher severity to make hydrogen so you're exactly right, Mark. In historical perspective hydrogen's a by-product of reforming but when you have to make hydrogen on purpose at these plants the cost numbers are phenomenal and if you think about our Quebec operation, which has no hydrogen plant and generates hydrogen from its reforming. At the McKee refinery there's no hydrogen plant. You generate hydrogen from reforming and you go through. There's a couple other situations. You, as all our competitors – so this isn't going to be rocket science to anybody and all of the guys listening on the phone they know the same thing we know that today reforming has changed tremendously and if you're having on-purpose hydrogen it is costing you a lot when you have $80 crude oil versus $4 to $5 natural gas.
Mark Gilman – The Benchmark Company:  Okay, Bill, I follow now. Just one other one, going back to your comments regarding he 2010 capital program, are there other elements of that 2.0 to 2.5 that would be considered non-discretionary over and above the scrubber and the [MSAT]?
Richard Marcogliese: Sure, I meant this will be just a general comment. Turnarounds and catalyst workload is anywhere between $500 million and $600 million on an annual basis and you don't have a lot of discretion on that. You have some discretion on timing, but that represents what the average is. I think environmental capital for the reasons Bill mentioned, [MSAT2] we also have flare gas recovery. We have got NOX control investments to do. That is going to be of the order of about $600 million on an annual basis, on a running rate. Safety projects will be on the order of $100 million so when we actually look at how low could this number go in the next couple of years it doesn't get much below $1.8 billion.
Mike Ciskowski: And Mark, I just did want to add, clarify one thing, you did talk about – we talked a little bit about the decrement and the cases that we've ran and the impact on the balance sheet, but the cases that we've ran will not result in a material change to our balance sheet as that would increase our debt-to-cap in a big way. So it's not material from that perspective.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ashley Smith:  Thank you for listening to our call. If you have any questions feel free to call the Investor Relations department here at Valero. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - VP, IR Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO Joe Gorder - EVP, Marketing and Supply Bill Klesse - Chairman, President and CEO
Analysts: Jeff Dietert - Simmons Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein Faisel Khan - Citigroup Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Jason Gammel - Macquarie Cory Garcia - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning. My name is Molly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Corp. second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Smith. You may begin your conference.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Molly. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached the earnings release are table that provides additional financial information on our business segment. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that states the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski: Thanks Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported a second quarter 2009 net loss of $254 million or $0.48 per share, which compares to $734 million of net income or $1.37 per share in the second quarter of 2008. The second quarter 2009 operating loss was $317 million versus $1.2 billion of operating income in the second quarter of 2008. The decrease in operating income was mainly due to the much lower refining margins on diesel and jet fuel and significantly lower sour crude oil discounts versus the same quarter last year. For example, benchmark Gulf Coast diesel margins versus WTI decreased 79% from $28.85 per barrel in the second quarter of 2008 to $6.16 per barrel in the second quarter of 2009. Regarding crude oil discounts, the Maya heavy sour crude oil discounts versus WTI decreased 78% from $21 in the second quarter of 2008 to $4.57 per barrel in the second quarter of 2009. Also the discounts to WTI on the Mars medium sour crude oil decreased 69% to $2.19 per barrel over the same timeframe. Our second quarter refinery throughput volume averaged to 2.5 million barrels per day which was in the range of our guidance, but 257,000 barrels per day below the second quarter of 2008. This decrease in volume was mainly due to lower utilization rates, unscheduled downtime of the key and McKee and Delaware City and the reduction in capacity from the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery in 2008. We finally cash operating expenses were $4.30 per barrel or $0.10 per barrel below our guidance and $0.23 per barrel below the second quarter 2008, due mainly to lower energy cost, which was partially offset by write-offs on our cancelled projects. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate appreciation were $124 million in the second quarter. The decrease of $21 million versus the first quarter and $16 million versus our guidance were primarily due to lower expenses or incentive compensation and the legal reserves. For the second quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $389 million, which was in line with our guidance, but higher than the first quarter of 2009, due mostly to the addition of the ethanol plant. Interest expense net of capitalized interest was $82 million, which was lower than our guidance, mainly due to the reversal of accrued interest on a sales tax audit that settled in our favor. The effective tax rate was 40%. Considering the loss for the quarter, this rate was favorable to the guidance rate of 31%, due to the use of federal tax credits and state tax benefits. Regarding cash flows for the second quarter, capital spending was $698 million, which includes $82 million of turnaround and catalyst expenditures. We are still on track to come in around $2.5 billion for the total capital and turnaround cost this year. Also in the quarter, we paid $78 million in dividends on our common stock and we paid off $209 million of debt that matured in April. And we also acquired the ethanol plants for $556 million, which included working capital. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of June, total debt was $7.4 billion. We ended the quarter with the cash balance of $1.6 billion, which includes the $799 million of net proceeds from the equity offering in early June and we had over $4.6 billion of additional liquidity available. At the end of the quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 25.9%. As to the refining outlook, low product margins and narrow sour crude discounts were the key drivers for the second quarter operating loss. Although, product cracks had rebounded recently, we expect refining margins in sour crude discounts for the third quarter to be similar to what we experienced in the second quarter, which means we could have another loss. And the fourth quarter could be just as challenging. What is needed is a sustained recovery in the economy to drive growth and demand for refined products and to also pull lower quality crude oils on to the market. This leads into Valero strategy, which is to maintain our financial health by cutting costs, optimizing our assets and preserving cash. Our major growth projects, the two hydrocrackers on the Gulf Coast have been placed on hold until we have better visibility on the need for that capacity. We have a comfortable cash balance, partly because of the equity offering in June, which was conducted to ensure we had a strong balance to weather a low margin environment and to complete the acquisition of the interest in the TRN refinery, which we believe was a high-quality asset at a good price. Although, we didn’t move forward on that transaction, we are not in a hurry to do any acquisition. For now, we will continue to focus on what is in our control, our cost structure and our refinery operation. Now, I will turn it over to Ashley, to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Thanks Mike. We are modeling our third quarter operation. You should expect the following refinery throughput volumes. Gulf Coast should average between 1.2 to 1.25 million barrels per day. Mid-Continent should average between 360,000 and 370,000 barrels per day. West Coast should average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels per day. And the North East should average between 500,000 to 510,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be about $4.50 per barrel. Regarding our ethanol operation in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 2.2 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.30 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the third quarter, we expect G&A expense including depreciation to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $385 million and we estimate a 30% effective tax rate. We will now open the call for questions. Molly, if you will go ahead and queue up the questions, we’ll wait for those.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Good morning. Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Ashley Smith: Good morning.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: In your press release, you talked about considering monitoring refineries for potential run cuts and shutdowns of units or other plants in addition to Aruba. Could you talk about the process that you go through in that evaluation?
Rich Marcogliese: Jeff, this is Rich Marcogliese, the COO. We obviously are watching the gross margin contribution of all of our refineries and that has a strong relationship to the kind of heavy sour crude discounts we have been looking at. We are reviewing our refining system in addition to Aruba. On Aruba, we have placed the refinery and what I would call and kind of a hot multiple status where we are conducting maintenance on the refinery. We have retained all of our employees, but we have made an initial reduction and kind of the daily contractors that would support an active plant’s operation. Should the plant move into a cold shutdown status? That would involve additional steps that would potentially impact employees and additional contractor reductions. There are some required notifications in that process that would take place of a regulatory nature and then of course there is a WARN Act which requires a 60-day notice of any potential employee layoff impacts.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: And do I understand correctly, you review that again in September with a potential of bringing it back up if the economy and demand recover?
Rich Marcogliese: Yes, we are going to make a reassessment of where we are in Aruba in a couple of months and take a look at the margin contribution going forward to see if we could change it back into an active run status.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Am I thinking about things correct, your volume crude 30 to 60 days in advance, so your July and August runs are a pretty well already established absent any kind of unplanned downtime?
Joe Gorder: Yes. This is Joe. And that’s a fair assessment. We have been buying crude to run at minimum run rate. We really changed the nature of our purchasing activities. Historically, we have been probably 60% contract and 40% spot. Now goes the reverse and we are running at much higher volumes at spot barrels which gives us more flexibility.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Would you avoid build in crude inventories in this environment, or, is that a possibility as well?
Joe Gorder: Well, it’s something that we are taking a look at. I mean, clearly, with the market structure the way it is, the economics would support storage place and we are seeing a lot of that out there. So we are considering the opportunity to do that.
Jeff Dietert – Simmons: Thank you for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Paul Sankey at Deutsche Bank. Just an immediate follow-up to that, does that mean you are not building inventories right now, is that how I read that, or, could you just describe a bit about how you will – how you’re handling inventory at this particular stage? Thanks.
Rich Marcogliese: Well, clearly, it doesn’t pay to store gasoline right now. So we have been keeping our gasoline inventories at absolute minimums. We have been looking at storage place on the distilling side and we have done some of those. And then on the crude side, we are looking at the economics to do that today. The issue is how you go about doing it? What would be the mechanics? And lot of people are storing oil offshore on ships and that is one of the options we are considering. We also have tankage available and we look at the options to do that also.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I understand and is it fair to say that regionally within the US, it’s more likely to happen Gulf to offshore, then for example, our suspicion is that Mid-Con tanks are pretty much full up now.
Rich Marcogliese: You’re right.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great. Back to a high-level question. My original question was really regarding the cost savings that you’ve talked about perhaps some more on expenses. You said you’ve saved $250 million since ’07, if I recall rightly, it was a target to get to $1 billion within five years, I think ’06 back-end loaded. Could you just update us on how those costs might be saved in the context of that original target? Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, let me speak first to the $250 million. What we are doing there is that’s more of a corporate initiative that is around the company and also dealt with contractors at the refineries. So for instance, we outsourced medical clients, we use to do our own medical claims in the company. To give you example, that’s been a $12 million savings for us. By the cost that we incurred with our own employee is doing that and then also because of the provider was able to do this, get us discounts on the medical. So that was just one example. It also included a big reorganization in our retail group where they have saved $15 million to $25 million on the things that we have done over there. So it’s a – it’s all throughout our company. I mean, I joke about it but this is a pennies business. The parking garage lights now get turned off at night and that’s where $60,000 a month for us. But this is our business. This is what this business is made up of. And so we have many, many examples of that. Now this is a little different initiative. There is a little bit of overlap to the $1 billion program. And the $1 billion program envisions reliability, energy and then other expenses. And there, we are only a little over $100 million when you actually attack the $1 billion and that program is like – we’ve had a lot of trouble with reliability and then of course as energy prices have fallen, the price is not as big, because we primarily use natural gas. The prize is not as big as it was before. So we have – we still are working on that program, but our goal for this year, at the end of the year is $200 million – it will be a little over $200 million by the end of the year, but we have lagged on that program.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, I understand Bill. And then if we could just – and if we could just go on to expenses, can – in the case of a total shutdown at Aruba or anywhere else, is there a sense of how much the cost of that would be?
Bill Klesse: There is a sense we would have severance, of course that’s negotiable to a point in Aruba. There are certain laws. We do have contracts. There will be other costs incurred. We have a number but I’d prefer to keep that to ourselves.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And then, does the refinery get dismantled?
Bill Klesse: What we would at this point in time is basically mothball the plant if that’s what happened, that plant is still on the market, there are still people that are interested that have a different strategy, there are several opportunities with adjacent countries that you could put a transaction together. I will remind you that cokers there are very good. There is a lot of hydrogen generating, we’ve desulfurized. There is a lot of assets there, but you have to have a integrated play here and thus some of the people there we are still talking to that are interested in that refinery have an integrated approach.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Sure, I understand. But from a kind of an industry-wide point of view, what we would expect is the plants to be mothballed and then to continue to, I guess have a minor OpEx associated with them on a go-forward basis until demand recovered.
Bill Klesse: I think that’s very fair.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I had one last one. I am sorry to ask so many questions. But Mike just to clarify, I think, did you say that the current market conditions for Q3 would mean another loss? And possibly a similar situation in Q4? I was just wondering because obviously margins have rallied very strongly over the past couple of weeks. Are you talking about Q3 to date or current margins or –
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. We are just talking – what I am talking about is there is the potential for a loss in the third quarter. If you look at the month-to-date prices and in our fourth – third quarter projections, the product cracks don’t look at bad, but the sour cracks products are still under a lot of pressure. So there is the potential for another loss in the third quarter.
Bill Klesse: If you actually look at our numbers, as Mike just said, the gasoline crack is frankly, excellent. On the distillate crack it’s not bad. But the Maya discount yesterday was less than $4 compared to the number we had for the second quarter last year just to give you an idea was $21. And you can’t look at it straight up like that, it really needs to deal in a percentage, but the percentage is very low. From my end, if you look at Mars, that is also very low. And so the issue that heavy, complex refiners such as Valero are having is with all the medium sour, heavy sour discounts. It is a huge change and that was of course the reason for our earnings guidance in the second quarter. And this is why Mike is saying, unless we see some improvement primarily in heavy sour discounts and medium sour discounts that would be our anticipation in the third quarter and the fourth quarter would be just as challenged.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I don't want to go too much into the available time, so I will leave it there. Thanks a lot guys.
Ashley Smith: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Maybe a follow-up to all these questions. Valero, historically, longer-term has had a pretty constructive deal with sour spreads and light heavy spreads. Has your long-term view changed as result of whether it’s mix in declines and so forth and as you consider potentially shutting down or selling some refineries might it be some of those more complex facilities, whereas in the past, we would have probably thought it was in more of your light suite facilities. Thank you.
Bill Klesse:
 : So fuel oil tends to be tight and fuel oil in influencing all of the – certainly influences the heavy sour, but it also influences the medium sours. And so we need to have the economic growth get back into the business. So we get in the 2010 and where oil production is now forecast on increase instead of decreasing like it is this year somewhere in the range of 1.7 million to 2 million barrels a day and that’s on top of its decrease in 2008. So 2010, we get the increase somewhere between 1.5 million and 2 million barrels a day. So that would help those. Now on the other side of this, it’s much easier to have these cokers in the refineries and they basically have paid out, so they are there. Now we are doing projects to produce more fuel oil in our system. But the coker is there and we have this opportunity that no one else has. It’s much easier for us to go back writing all out on a coker operation than it would be for somebody else to rather build a coker to them. So our view hasn’t changed in the long run, but it certainly has changed in the short run. We still expect the medium crude to come to the US Gulf Coast. We still it was a competitive advantage to have that hardware that can burst this stuff up and make quality products. But short run, it’s absolutely right.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Yes, that’s very helpful, Bill. If I can maybe paraphrase just to make sure I understand it correctly. In the short term or however these narrow spreads last, those particularly complex facilities you have where the investments are paid out as you mentioned, you might have meaningfully lower run rates. But you’re probably not looking to kind of permanently mothball or sell those types of assets then you will be keep them for the days when OPEC production re-increase and the economy comes back. So it really is still probably more the fourth quartile light sweet refine issue what have you, that would be more on the block so to speak for investment or real closure?
Bill Klesse: Yes. But it also has a reliability component. There is also the capital investment component, technically, a refinery, because you can adjust the operating rates. So typically, you can get a refinery where maybe it’s breaking even by – and I am talking now from, on a cash basis by operations. But then if you are required to put in a lot of capital spending, that can put you over the hump to say the future doesn’t look as good. So the fourth quartile, third quartile type refineries that need a lot of capital, that are kind of just breaking even can be sweet or sour. Aruba is a sour refinery, heavy sour. But it doesn’t have any upgrades capability there. So your liquid volume yield loss through that refinery is very large when you consider it’s just a coking plant. So there is a little more to this than just saying the light sweet refineries. Frankly, today, our light sweet refineries are making money for us.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That is really helpful and I appreciate your answers. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hi guys. Bill, I think maybe two years ago that you have looking at your portfolio and identified there is about 10 to 11 coal holding. Is that lease being changed or there is still pretty much the same list if you are looking at today?
Bill Klesse: The list today would – it would be changed, but it’s academic, because there is really not a market for some of these refineries anyway, at least the price we would want. But the point is we did not anticipate such a dramatic fall in the medium and heavy sours discounts. And we did not see that coming discount falling. We never thought they would stay at $21 and $18. But we didn’t see the Maya discounts being just a little over $3 and we didn’t see the Mars discount here that’s less than a $1. So we did not see that coming. We have a couple of plants that are sweet, that are very well run operations.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And Bill, when I looking at in the second quarter, I think it looked quite clear that Aruba and Delaware City probably lost money. Other than those two that is there, any refinery in your portfolio really is a big money losing operation?
Bill Klesse: Well, your assessment would be correct on those two. We also have a couple other plants that are not generating income.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And will you be willing to share what are those?
Bill Klesse: I would prefer not to.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. And in the second quarter, is there any meaningful hedging or trading gain or loss?
Bill Klesse: Yes. Mike?
Mike Ciskowski: Yes. In the second quarter, we had a – from our hedging, we had a $99 million loss.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And Mike, where is that – is it in the Gulf Coast or is it spread course?
Mike Ciskowski: That’s pretty much allocated across our refining segment based on throughput.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. And Mike since I got you here, can I just gather number of balance sheet item? What is your inventory market in excess of the book working capital and that the long-term debt component of the total debt?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. What we have on our – I will give you the market in excess of book is $3 billion at the end of June. Our balance sheet items, total current assets are $11.2 billion. Cash is $1.6 billion. So the current assets less cash is $9.6 billion. Current liabilities totaled $7.3 billion. Current maturities are just $137 million. So our current liabilities less maturities is $7.2 billion. And the net working capital is $2.4 billion. And then total long-term debt and capital leases is $7.4 billion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Thank you. And that Bill and Mike, is there a number you guys can share about the capital spending for 2010 yet?
Bill Klesse: Yes, we are targeting around $2 billion, but it will most likely be between $2 billion and $2.5 billion. And part of that’s driven because of our 114, where at Benicia we are building a scrubber and there is an advantage, a tax advantage for us to finish that scrubber by December 2010, and that’s a large project when you consider the heater scrubber, it’s $650 million. And we also have the same set too which is the benzene, where we lower the benzene in gasoline for our whole system to get down to the 0.62 or less, we are spending $550 million effect January 1st of ’11. And so those projects, we are need to finish. So the spending will be in a $2 billion to $2.5 billion range.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. And should we assume that I looked at the sustainable capital is about in the 1.5 to 1.7?
Bill Klesse: Yes. We use 1.8. 1.8 until we finish the 114. And that finishes over the next couple of years and that will drops down to the 1.5.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, terrific. And Bill in the – I know, I understand the sensitivity on Aruba, can you tell you us that what is the current book value sitting on your book and also that mark maybe the annual labor cost for Aruba?
Bill Klesse: We would say the book value –
Mike Ciskowski: The book value is about $1 billion on Aruba.
Bill Klesse: And the annual labor costs –
Mike Ciskowski: We have about 650 employees on Aruba. So you have to make some assumptions on what the average.
Bill Klesse: We are trying to get you an answer here. Plant’s operating cost around $200 million. We have 650 employees in Aruba. We don’t have the number. Why don’t maybe Paul you could call Ashley and we will be glad to give it to you.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. That will be great. And Bill can you perhaps help us understand a little bit why there was (inaudible) in the second quarter would be as bad. I mean I understand they have operating upset. But there seems like there is a huge loss that they suffered and the margin was so bad. So –
Rich Marcogliese: Well, Paul, let me just make a couple of comments on the quality of the operations. It’s been very difficult for the whole first half of the year. A lot of this originated with a major utility upset that we had on February 16th at which time we concluded that we needed to take the entire plant down for maintenance particularly in the utility area and the plants remained down through about late April, early May. In the attempted restart of the refinery in early May, we had an additional upset on the fluid coker which required a second outage. So just to give you a sense for where we were, we had 110 days of accumulated loss coker runs in the first half of this year, 67 days in the second quarter. And when you have the coker down at Delaware City, you also are unable to run the coke gas and fire. So this was about as difficult with the first half and second quarter as you can imagine and had a significant impact on the gross margin of that refinery.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I see. And Rich, I think when you guys did announce the second quarter earnings a couple of months ago, you had indicated that what is the total trend and trend downtime, their opportunity cost set to their company. And at that time, I think you were talking about $200 million. Is that number being changed to be much higher now that we have the actual and can you break it down into your four different operating region for us, if you have a new number?
Rich Marcogliese: Well, I think we have the – we have the numbers in aggregate. For the first half, it’s about $245 million and then for the second quarter, it was about $140 million unscheduled downtime impact.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. Final one, in ethanol, I presume that the operating cost of – in the second quarter at $0.32 that is not including the transportation cost and transportation cost is net of the operating margin that you guys indicated a $0.47?
Rich Marcogliese: I think the transportation is included in that number of variable [ph] cost.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: In the $0.32. That seems –
Rich Marcogliese: We will get our ethanol on a net backed basis to the plant. So –
Mike Ciskowski: The way we report it Paul is into OpEx. Transportation is not in OpEx.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: The transportation is not in OpEx, so I guess net of the margin the way that you report.
Mike Ciskowski: In our refinery.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, just a few questions. And other than the Mayan crude, what other sources of heavy or sour have you seen missing from the market or is it mainly some of the Saudi volumes and also Venezuela. I am just trying to think in terms as we go forward, we certainly expect OPEC volumes have to increase towards the end of the year and into next year. Just wondering when you heavy or sour sources of barrels will come on to the market?
Joe Gorder: Right. Well, clearly the production of Maya crude is down. And we are not seeing as much in the marketplace. The OPEC run cuts have pulled the heavy and sour barrels out of the marketplace also. Venezuela on the other hand has been a much increased source of supply for us. In fact, I would tell you that we have really backfilled the production of Maya barrels with Venezuelan crudes, largely because of economics, but also because of availability. And then we have replaced Saudi barrels in our system with US Gulf Coast medium sour barrels which traded at better prices than the Saudi barrels right now. Longer-term as Bill mentioned earlier, I think it’s going to take economic recovery, which will increase demand, increase refinery runs and then OPEC will increase production and then we should see the sour discounts return.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: So if we may take out the Maya situation, it’s basically Saudi volumes that have come off the market, that’s been the major impact for you.
Joe Gorder: That’s correct.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And second question, maybe a bit – bit of a strange one. Given your evaluation, have you had any M&A interest on yourselves? There are certainly a few companies hope there that have acquired in the last six to 12 months some refineries like national oil companies and potentially some would like a position in the US based on their own strategies. Have you had any people knocking on your door?
Bill Klesse: I don’t think I can comment on something like that.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And just a final question, some investors have been asking me, and given the fact that you are not doing an acquisition in Europe, have you considered given the cash back to investors or are we simply in a situation that given your near-term outlook on the refining environment, it’s just prudent having the cash on hand?
Bill Klesse: That’s a very fine question and we have gotten that question from other people. Technically, we are still on the hook for the TRN refinery. The way the contract is written, if their deal were to fall apart with Totale and Luke Oil, then Dow could come back to us. You’re rest assured there would be some discussions. But we are still technically on the hook. The other point is though we had given you also some earnings guidance here and certainly are telling you our issues on these medium and heavy sour discounts. And so when I still look around the market and we see this whole cash and availability of cash, right now, we are going to keep a very strong balance sheet as we said in our press release and we are going to hang on to the cash.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Good morning.
Ashley Smith: Good morning.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: I was wondering if you could reconcile something for me, so I think previously you talked about $99 million hedging loss, could you reconcile that with the $440 million decline that you guys talked about in derivative instruments and the second – your second quarter ’09 interim update.
Mike Ciskowski: Right.
Bill Klesse: Okay. Mike, go ahead.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, when we did the interim update it was about $440 million. And then what happened since then the loss on the paper actually decreased about $50 million from that interim guideline.
Bill Klesse: So $140 million, the number he said, it was a $140-ish million when we did our preliminary announcement at the end of the month, because everything is marked-to-market. And so at the end of the month, it was a $100 million. Now in the first quarter, we told you we had almost $300 million of gains.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, understood. And then on the ethanol – the ethanol segment for a second. The guidance you’re giving of 2.2 million gallons a day is about 30%, 35% higher than what you guys –
Mike Ciskowski: It’s 2 million gallons.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Sorry, sorry 2 million gallons, 2.5 million gallons a day is higher – by 30% higher than what you guys did in the second quarter. Is it fair to assume that if corn prices stay where they are that there is a linear relationship to the earnings generated in the second quarter going into the third quarter?
Rich Marcogliese: Well, biggest reason in the second quarter was through the plants who weren’t fully operationally. When we lost a plant, we only had four of them running and we had startups to the three of the plants during various stages of the quarter. That’s the reasons why we weren’t at the higher rate. Everything is running right now. We have got good margins on every plants we are running is actually full.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay.
Mike Ciskowski: And there were also like cost incurred in the second quarter to get those up. So you wouldn’t want to make those up linear to the run rates. So it’s a different environment.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Got you. Then just going back to previous question on inventory, where would you guys stay right now your inventory levels at as a percentage of being full both for product and crude?
Joe Gorder: I have no idea what our total tank capacity might be, but our inventory levels are about a 108 million barrels.
Bill Klesse: The reason that’s hard to answer is there is so much product and crude oil that’s in trend that we either own, but it’s not in our tanks and somewhere come into as one way or another. But is this important to you, we will be glad to figure out what our tankage capacity is we have it somewhere.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay. Great. I appreciate.
Bill Klesse: But Joe gave you the number of our total inventory. It’s a 108 million barrels.
Faisel Khan – Citigroup: Okay, got you. Thank you. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chi Chow with Tristone Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Thank you. Bill, I have got a question on carbon legislation which you made some comments on again in the press release. What’s the basis for the million job comments and also the $0.77 per gallon tax to consumer that you have outlined on the website?
Bill Klesse: Right. There is a study, we have a source on the million. There is a study for the million jobs and the heritage and the congressional budget office is the $0.77 number. And I will just – yes, there is plenty of studies. But I will put in perspective for you, because this is huge negative for the consumer, for the country. Our footprint is about 36 million metric tons. In the US, it’s about 30 million metric tons. If you say this legislation that we have to pass through or get charged for the CO2 omissions from burning the fuels that we generate, our estimate would be making 10 times, so that’s 300 million metric tons. And then if you put 20, if you say these carbon credits are going to be $20 a metric ton now, then that becomes $6 billion and that $6 billion will have to pass through to the consumer, because they only gave the refiners free credit of 2% of the whole allotment. And if you look at it, the industry, if you add it all up, would be over 30% of the CO2 omissions. So these are huge numbers that has to get pass through. Do you have a source?
Mike Ciskowski: The source is, one of the study conducted by Charles River Associates or the National Association of Manufacturer, that’s on the job estimate, job loss estimate. And the other is the congressional budget office, the increase in price of gasoline.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: What is that 10 times multiplier that you talked about?
Bill Klesse: Well, the legislation is our footprint as I say 30 million metric tons is the CO2 omissions from the refinery to take the crude to the products. And to the way the legislation works, we would be reliable for the CO2 omissions from the burning of the fuels that we have produced the products. And so we’re just using an estimate of 10 times because of all the fuel, like all the gasoline that gets burned. And so our footprint then for the CO2 emitted active refinery to make, we’ll just gasoline and then the burning of the gasoline in the automobile would be 300 million metric tons. So – and then you have to pass all that from.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Got it.
Bill Klesse: We are the ones responsible for that. The way they drafted this. The big deal on foreign refiners is they would only responsible in this legislation out of the House for the CO2 omission as the consumer burned the fuel, there are not, they wouldn’t be liable then for the emissions at the refinery to make those fuels. So there's an inherent bias to push you through imports. This is legislation that I am sure every House member read.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: How do you think this is going to play out in the Senate and what is your desire to outcome on carbon?
Bill Klesse: Well this is ludicrous legislation. And we believe that the Senate and also during this interim here more data is coming out, there is rush, rush to get things in that, there is more data coming out on the impact of this proposed legislation. So we think there is rush – the people still are rational and that when it gets into the Senate, that this bill eventually gets defeated. How it turns out at the annual today and what if there is any CO2 legislation, I think remains to be seen. India has already said, they are not going to participate. China, most likely they will say they are not and if do, they won’t enforce it. And the trouble here in the United States is whatever it gets passed will be enforced and so the playing field is skewed tremendously. But we at Valero are going to be very active in trying to get a grassroots participation here on how much this means to the consumer to this industry, actually to the American economy. Every single good that is produced that has any energy component will go open price. It has a huge hidden task.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: That doesn’t seem like we are going to feel to get come away with no legislation at all. Is there a lower level that you’re aiming for at this point rather than cap and trade?
Bill Klesse: Well, I think we need to speak to legislation. If the government wants to tax carbon and if that’s the will of the people and the government obviously, the Federal Government needs cash, a carbon tax is certainly more visible and that will be Valero’s position that – but if that’s what’s going to happen, let’s have a visible tax, it is a tax on carbon and then the consumer at least knows what he’s been charged for.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Great. Thanks for your thoughts, Bill. I appreciate it.
Bill Klesse: Yes.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Gentlemen, good morning. Had a couple of specific questions. Rich, can you say whether Del City is now fully back to its normal operating status?
Rich Marcogliese: Other than the coke gas and fire, it is – we have got a couple of reliability issues that are holding the gasifier down from about a week to 10 days. But other than that, the rest of the refinery is operating normally.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: And has that been the case since the beginning of this month?
Rich Marcogliese: We did have a power interruption over the weekend, which was not our issue, it was in the Delmarva power grid. It did cause a disruption over the weekend, which took down our cat cracker, but it was put back on line yesterday.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. With respect guys to the Aruba decision, Bill in the release, you refer to the arbitration vis-à-vis the tax holiday. And I guess I am wondering is it the – excuse me the turnover tax. I guess I am wondering whether the tax holiday which I believe has a 2010, 2011 exploration on it, isn’t that also going to be part of you are thinking here as to what to do?
Bill Klesse: Absolutely. It ends at – the tax holiday ends at the end of ’10, effective January 1st, 2011. And it is an uncertain world in Aruba as to what goes on at the end of ’10. And there is BBO or turnover tax, we are expecting the answer to this arbitrage. And it’s one – I will remind you it’s a 1% tax, which in our business is a lot.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Bill, just a strategic question, if you don’t mind. And I got to tell you I just don’t understand. In response to prior questions, you suggested that the focus was to preserve cash and I guess I just don’t understand how the TRN acquisition had it gone ahead was at all consistent with the implementation of that strategy?
Bill Klesse: Well that’s a fair question, Mark. It’s not so without the TRN acquisition, clearly we want to maintain cash. We want to maintain a very strong balance. We had our projects that we are finishing here, even though we have cut our capital spending down. But we also want to grow our company, but we want to grow wisely. And we want to grow in the interest of the shareholder. And we ship diesel fuel to Europe, I think in July here, we are going to ship a 100 – a little average of 165,000 barrels a day of diesel has gone to Europe. We’ve said in all our previous calls that since about June or so of last year, we have been shipping somewhere between 150,000 and 200,000 barrels a day of diesel. We also have opportunities in Canada where diesel goes to Europe and frankly gasoline can back into our Canadian operation. So as we look at the Atlantic basin, Europe continues to be short diesel, long gasoline. The US here at the moment is long diesel and we are still short gasoline, because our country still imports gasoline. So we look at Europe as a good trading, good arbitrage, good opportunity for us to work more aggressively in the Atlantic basin. And off their refineries we have looked at, because things are coming on the market in Europe and they’ve been doing that for quite a while, you’ll remember and I have disclosed, we had bid on Corrington in England, we’ve looked at a couple of others, but TRN looked to us to be an excellent opportunity and also had the potential at least from a management perspective for a high-success entry. The cat cracker, even though was a partial interest and the complexity looks low to the investment community, the cat cracker is a 68,000 barrels – hydrocracker – hydrocracker is a 68,000 barrel day a unit. We know what they’re costing here in the states. We are shipping the diesel to Europe anyway. The netback is better obviously. We think that’s going to continue. It could run Euro’s crude obviously while Luke Oil is interested. And so – it was the best operation and Totale runs a good plant, they are either at first or second quartile in the European settlement survey. So we are a refinery. You buy Valero, you buy a refining company and we think our business is eventually going to grow again. It’s not growing this year, but eventually we will get it going again and we think we can add value with that. But it’s an opportunistic. Somebody – people have asked us, well, now that this cash burning a hole in your pocket and the answer is absolutely not. We thought that was the best thing we had seen.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Bill, wondering if I could just try from a slightly different angle and that is, your comment previously that you have not given up on the longer-term belief with regarding the merits of high conversion, refining and therefore wider discounts on the medium and heavy sours. If that’s indeed true, rather than investment when those discounts are optimal, doesn’t make it sense to be aggressively investing to the extent that your financial position allows in a period such as this and therefore not show some of the high complexity projects in the expense of either ethanol plant acquisitions or TRN or its future equivalent?
Bill Klesse: I think we are trying to balance everything, Mark. And we still believe that the Canadian heavy sours will get to US Gulf Coast, but that’s 2012, maybe 2013 on the big projects. So the Mexican production continues to fall somewhere between its 115,000 to 200,000 barrels a day on a net basis on the heavy sour. Venezuela, although Joe said it’s stable, we don’t see it growing per se. So I think we are in this window here on the heavy sours where we – the timing may not just may not be right and was one reason we went ahead and wrote off, this coking project, if we were working on at Port Arthur here, which is in our numbers. But the hydrocrackers, we’ve really just suspended. They’re still there and we really are just waiting till you see the world’s commonly get going. We will see how reliance as the supplies diesel moves to Europe and gasoline moves all over the world. We will see how those all rebalance. But I think long-term – long-term, our business just adds tremendous value and everybody is trying to figure out how to make it not economic.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay, Bill. Thanks very much. I appreciate your thoughts.
Bill Klesse: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Hi, good morning. My question is, I guess more of a strategic one. There has been a lot of commentary on your thoughts as far as evaluating the portfolio for a potential reductions or even a permanent closures and this may seem a bit counter intuitive. But given your balance sheet and the geographic breadth of your capacity, I am wondering if there is not opportunities to actually increase utilization in certain areas and potentially drive some of the less efficient capacity offline?
Bill Klesse: I am sure there is that potential, but that’s not the course we are taking.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. The other question I guess kind of dovetailed in with Mark’s question surrounding Europe. I am wondering a lot of the global capacity coming on line is clearly in the emerging economies. My sense is that it’s difficult for Valero to kind of compete in that environment. But I want to see if you could provide any color, is that just purely going to be dominated by the host countries and the integrated?
Bill Klesse: I’d say yes to a point. It depends on their growth rate and there is obviously the opportunity for us to export. We haven’t done it this year, but last year we were actually exporting diesel fuel to Australia, so there is the ability as all of the space is balanced to put products into the trade. But clearly, China wants to be self sufficient. India is obviously an exporter. Korea is an exporter. So – Japan is extremely long refining. So your point I would have to agree with, except that there is always trading opportunities.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. And then the final one I had for you is, I hate to beat the horse here on the differentials. But as some of the new global capacity comes on line, presumably it will be a lot more efficient and more complex and it seems like that will kind of create more demand for the heavier sour barrels right at the time when the – maybe the OPEC production quotas are being increased. And I am just curious if there is any thoughts on that potentially creating yet another headwind to the differentials down the road?
Bill Klesse: Well I think you are in the headwind. Reliance is very sophisticated refinery and run lots of heavy and sour crude oils, just to take them as an example. Now that’s not true of all the plants, but that would be true of that plant. And so what our strategy is Canadian crude oil needs to get the view as Gulf Coast or in fact the heavy sour crudes, these discounts will be smaller than what we would like to sit. So your point is well taken, some of those stuff is as you say.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Well, great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Gammel with Macquarie.
Jason Gammel – Macquarie: Maybe just one more on the light heavy differential environment. Would you be able to actually just run the Gulf Coast is it or simpler system and take just a water feedstock slate through the system and shutting coking capacity rather than shutting in distillation capacity or are there logistical constraints that prevent you from doing that? And then finally, does it make economic sense for cokers even in the current environment?
Bill Klesse: All the comments you have made are somewhat yes, somewhat no. Let’s go to the one where would we lighten up our crude slate. The answer is yes. We have lightened up our crudes slate where we can. But the issue you have is in heavy sour plant, if you lighten up on the front end, you either need to have some pre-flash or you have to do something, because we immediately flood or bottleneck the crude tower, the upper part of the crude tower, because it’s not built to handle all those vapors coming up the tower. So your ability to lighten up with the existing hardware we have is not – we just don’t have as wider range as you would like. Now if you can go ahead and pre-flash the crude, so you take those vapors off before you get in to the crude tower you get more capability, but then you are going to over large your gas pipe in the refinery. So what I am really telling you is your range or your ability to go very far is limited. Now on the tail end to the coker question, we don’t have to operate the coke and we have several of our cokers cut back, we have our St. Charles coker that’s coming up. We had a fire over there. It’s coming up. We’re only going to bring it up a 50%. We’re only going to bring up lot of the modules. And then what we would do is make more fuel oil, but we run the economics around the cokers. So we have economics at Texas City, we have economics at certain cokers, but we don’t have very attractive economics. In Aruba where it extends alone as really just an upgrader, coking upgrader, we didn’t have economics at all.
Joe Gorder: The other location where we shut the coker down is at Corpus Christi. Our Reese plant is a 100,000 barrel a day crude unit with an associated 20,000 barrel a day coker and we have shut the coker down there completely. As Bill mentioned, in St. Charles, it’s a four-drum coker. We are going to bring it up on two drums. Also at our Paulsboro refinery, it’s a four-drum coker, it’s in a two-drum operation presently. And at Texas City, we are running all four coke drums, but we are operating the coker at reduced capacity as we have lightened the crude.
Jason Gammel – Macquarie: Okay. That’s very helpful. And I think you just answered my second question, should we expect to see resid as a percentage of feedstock decline.
Joe Gorder: Resid as a percentage of feedstock?
Jason Gammel – Macquarie: Yes, I think you were running residuals, you were running 248 during the second quarter of ’09.
Joe Gorder: Right. Yes. You would.
Jason Gammel – Macquarie: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cory Garcia with Raymond James.
Cory Garcia - Raymond James: All right. Thanks guys. A lot of my questions is – I am trying to pan through at this point. Would you just update me on what your liquidity position is right now, I think I missed those numbers.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes. At the end of the quarter, we had 4.6 I believe available capacity in addition to cash.
Cory Garcia - Raymond James: Right. Okay. And also just kind of a higher-level question, would you guys mind commenting on what you are seeing in terms of international diesel and distillate demand playing out for the reminder of the year?
Joe Gorder: Well, obviously from our exporters to Europe are much tighter than they have been, but we are still seeing significant demand at the levels we have experienced in the past right now.
Bill Klesse: I think if you are also seeing domestically, diesel demanded is down tremendously. I don’t think I have ever seen anything like this where we have demand down 15% in the transportation sector. So we just say this is a $4 million barrel a day business, it’s down 600,000 barrels a day. And this is why to all these questions that we need the economy to get back going again, because Valero has been exporting as Joe said, because we still seeing demand coming out Europe. But the domestic market, diesel consumption is very 3.2 million, 3.3 million barrels a day and that’s after a very cold winter. So we need the – and trucking is on highway diesel is 60% of the diesel business and we need on the highway diesel to get going which is eyeing directly to the economy. Gasoline tends to be the consumer product disposal income, our employment, but diesel is starting to really be and that’s where – so we see very weak demand, and the only thing that’s going to take these inventories off the market is the economic recovery, a cold winner or the refineries you’re going to have to cut back here under diesel production ultimately as things are getting full. Gasoline demand and that in Europe stuff is pretty full. On gasoline, it’s down as 1% to 2%, they always revise these numbers. But we will say it’s down somewhere in this 1.5% to 2% range. It was down that much last year. That’s somewhere in the range of 150,000 barrels a day each year to 200,000 barrels a day. And to us you saw housing start to weaken. We saw then consumers disposable income. We have unemployment rising. And this ties a little bit to our outlook here even though we have very good gasoline margins or cracks today, but we still see unemployment continuing to increase here for the next several months for sure and that’s a consumer product. So that’s why as we said earlier, we are running our refineries in this low – in this 80% to 85% range and right where the industry is. But demand has been very weak.
Cory Garcia - Raymond James: And no doubt about that. All right, I appreciate the additional color. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thanks, Molly. And just want to thank our investors for listening to the call. If you have any further questions, feel free to call me, Ashley Smith, at Valero. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 18:45:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Director, Investor Relations Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President-Marketing and Supply Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board Kim Bowers - Executive Vice President and General Counsel Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President-Corporate Development and Strategic Planning Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc. Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Faisel Khan - Citigroup Jacques Rousseau - Back Bay Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning my name is Celeste and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Corporation First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on-mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to introduce Executive Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Ashley Smith. Please go ahead sir.
Ashley Smith: Hey thank you Celeste. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski our CFO and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached earnings release our table that provides additional financial information on our business segment. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact Investor Relations after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provision under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski: Thanks Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release we reported first quarter 2009 net income of $309 million or $0.59 per share. This is a 23% increase in earnings per share over the $0.48 per share reported in the first quarter of 2008. When you exclude the $0.12 per share benefit from an insurance recovery at McKee in the first quarter of 2008, first quarter 2009 earnings per share is 64% higher in the same quarter of last year. First quarter 2009 operating income was $507 million versus $472 million in the first quarter of 2008 or $371 million without the previously mentioned insurance recovery. The increase in operating income was mainly due to higher refining margins on gasoline and secondary products such as fuel oil, asphalt and petroleum coke. For example, benchmark U.S. Gulf Coast's gasoline margins versus WTI of $8.14 per barrel were almost double before 23 per barrel in the first quarter of 2008. As a proxy for secondary products Gulf Coast margins on hi-sol (ph) for fuel oil improved 86% from $28.16 per barrel below the price of WTI in the first quarter of 2008 to $4 per barrel below WTI in the first quarter of this year. Lower operating expenses also contributed to the increase in operating income versus the first quarter of 2008. The $117 million decline in refining operating expenses was due primarily to lower energy costs and then the absence of operating expenses at Krotz Springs Refinery which was sold in July of 2008; Somewhat offsetting the increase in the first quarter 2009 operating income was the significant decline in our sour crude oil discounts and lower diesel and jet fuel margins. From the first quarter of 2008 to the first quarter of 2009, Maya heavy sour crude oil discounts versus WTI, decreased 73% to $4.46 per barrel and the Mars sour crude oil spreads decreased by 111% to a premium to WTI of $0.78 per barrel. Although, benchmark diesel margins in our regions averaged respectable levels in the low to mid teens per barrel in the first quarter of 2009, the decreases from the first quarter of 2008 were approximately 25% on the Gulf Coast and East Coast and in 31% on the West Coast and 44% in the Mid-Continent. Our first quarter throughput volumes averaged 2.5 million barrels per day which was 142,000 barrels per day below the first quarter of 2008. This was primarily due to the reduction in capacity from the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery and then downtime of several of our other refineries. Refinery cash operating expenses were $4.49 per barrel, which were favorable to our guidance of $4.80 per barrel due mainly to lower than expected energy costs and higher than expected throughput volume. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were a $145 million in first quarter. The $7 million increase from the fourth quarter and $2 million increase from our guidance was primarily due to higher severance costs. For the first quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $378 million below our guidance due to lower turnaround amortization expense. Interest expense net of capitalized interest was $79 million, slightly above our guidance due to the issuance of the $1 billion worth of notes in mid-March. The effective tax rate was 28%. Regarding cash flows for the first quarter, the capital spending was $902 million which includes a $167 million of turnaround expenditures and we paid $77 billion in dividends on our common stock. In March, we received nearly $1 billion from our bond offering in which we issued 750 million of 10 notes and 250 million of 30 year notes. The proceeds enabled us to pay-off 209 million of maturing debt that came due on April 1st, to fund our acquisition of the VeraSun ethanol plants and maintain our capital expenditure program. Regarding the ethanol plants we are excited about our acquisition of the plants from VeraSun, for total capacity of 780 million gallons per year or 50,000 barrels per day we will pay a total of $477 million which is 30% of estimated replacement cost plus approximately $78 million for working capital. We have closed on six of the plants and one development site and we expect to close on the last plant very soon. We consider these to be the best plants in VeraSun's system and some of the best in the industry due to their large size and advantage access to local feed stocks. This acquisition fits well with Valero's core business of manufacturing and marketing motor fuels. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of March, our total debt was $7.6 billion due to the timing of the bond offering, we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.7 billion and we had nearly $4.7 billion of additional liquidity available. Also at the end of quarter, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 27.1% which remains far below the bank agreement threshold of 60%. Regarding future uses of cash, we have made additional cuts to our estimate for the 2009 capital expenditures and turnaround costs considering the weak economic outlook. We now estimate capital spending will be 2.5 billion which is down 200 million from our most recent estimate. Regarding upcoming debt payments, we are required in October to offer to purchase 100 million of our bonds for the related indenture and in 2010 our maturities total only $30 million. In summary, we are working diligently to manage our financial health in this weak economy. Realizing that we are not immune from the effects of the recession, we are reducing operating costs, overhead costs and capital expenditures. However, we will prudently continue to invest in growth opportunities that build long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I'll turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings models assumptions.
Ashley Smith: Thanks Mike. Okay, for modeling our second quarter operations we should expect the following refinery throughput volume. The Gulf Coast should average between 1.35 to 1.4 million barrels per day. Mid-Continent should average between 360,000 and 370,000 barrels per day. West Coast should average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels per day and the North East should average in the range of 460,000 to 470,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be about $4.40 per barrel which is down slightly from the first quarter due to higher expected throughput volume and continued low energy cost. Regarding our ethanol operation in the second quarter we expect total throughput volume of 1.5 to 1.6 million gallons per day and operating expenses should be in the range of $0.31 to $0.33 per gallon and that includes approximately $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization expense. With respect to some of the other items for the second quarter, we expect general and administrative expense excluding depreciation to be around $140 million. Net interest expense should be around $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $390 million and we expect a 31% effective tax rate. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line, if I am pronouncing it correctly, Erik Mielke.
Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes Erik Mielke from Merrill Lynch. I have two questions if I may. One is I guess its time the question to ask if you can give us an update on what you're seeing on demand for brief casting I guess also for diesel in the current environment. And my second question relates to the commentary you had in the press release today of around different policy initiatives in D.C. If you can elaborate a little bit on what you expect to see come out of D.C. and what it might mean for your business I think particularly about cap and trade and other similar initiatives?
Joe Gorder: Well on gasoline demand, we realize it's weak. It's 2.5% from the same period last year which we saw, this demand is also weak, much weaker than gasoline and our own network though we've seen gasoline demand on retail operations actually increased. It's up 1% so in our markets we think it's with that (ph).
Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: What's the rate of change on the deficit side? Is it getting worse or is it starting to slowdown?
Joe Gorder: Well, it hasn't got any better. The story in it but of course is the export volumes and we continue to have an open arm Europe which we're taking advantage of. We're also seeing increased demand in South America. The winter's approaching there and then some of the traditional sources of supply just aren't available. So export volume is still strong, domestic volumes are weak.
Mike Ciskowski: I might add on our retail network. We're up 1% on gasoline but on distillate we're down about 10%. So, on an average when you weigh that we're pretty much flat for the year, of course this is the first quarter. Distillates or the diesel is only about 10% of our network sales volume. So we're flat.
Bill Klesse: On the Washington initiatives I think that Kim Bowers, who is our Executive Vice President and in-charge of government relations, but just keep in mind that we have and we're still auditing these numbers of about 36 million metric tones of CO2 emissions as she speaks.
Kim Bowers: Thanks Bill. Yes we're reviewing the Waxman Bill but there still so many details to work out that we haven't evaluated the impact. What they trying to chose credits whether they're going to be allocated or auctioned of all the details still need to be worked out with the Waxman Bill. So we're watching it very carefully, but still think and we still think that there are some unintended consequences that will result from this, pushing it's away from foreign crude oil to foreign products coming in and unfairly it's giving advantage to foreign competition over domestic competition here?
Bill Klesse: Obviously we think this is a bad idea. Also the devil is always in the details. Obviously, our government is looking for cash and so we'll see what happens on that. The other initiatives we've also spoken about is some of the tax consequences of eliminating LIFO just for energy companies, putting the super fund tax back in, which quite frankly we do collect from our customers I mean in reality corporations, you know we just collect taxes that we think composite (ph). Also the manufacturer's credit which has been identified total back eliminating that also just for energy companies; so there is a effort here at the moment to raise money from a segment of the business that is just been to be able to pass. So those are only the few other things and as you read the newspaper like we do. The major issue with CO2 is that the United States will in fact forced this. We'll have a department here that we'll track it, regulate it and file reports and we'll pay whatever we're told we have to pay. But in the rest of the world it would not be as rigorously enforced as it would be here. And thus it changes the global competitor situation. So we need to be very careful.
Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So, the document say the introduction of carbon pricing would add I am sorry, I am not asking to confirm or deny. But say that a dollar per pound to your overall cost base. If do you do not have an equivalent cost deployed to product imports, what would that do to your business?
Bill Klesse: Well, I have no idea. Except that as Joe mentioned, we are -- this is a global business, its very capital intensive business. By looking at our data our operating costs just say for this conversation $5 a barrel and if you add a $1 a barrel or $2 a barrel, you can see what its doing to your cost situation for a refinery. But as far as what the sensitivity or elasticity there for is I don't know.
Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: But are you I am thinking more about the pricing dynamics. If you, if it's prior to the import then presumably it'll be passed through consumer goods because its same for everyone. And whereas if its -- if it is not implied to import then, it becomes a question of who -- where the pricing power lies?
Bill Klesse: You're not exactly right on freight (ph). If it comes gets into this and if it's a dollar as you just said, it would be $0.022 (ph) a gallon. So, but we'll just see what evolves; the thing that I say and I know this sounds a little bit like motherhood and apple pie, but we have good jobs in this industry. We pay a good wage; people who can work for us and own their home, educate their children and some of these initiatives and the social change agenda, will have a big impact on part of the backbone of our country with just with other of the manufacturing jobs.
Erik Mielke - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Nothing wrong with motherhood and apple pie. Thanks for your answer.
Bill Klesse: Thanks Erik.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Yeah I have a question on CapEx and how we should think about where the CapEx line is going. You got a another $200 million of it; should we infer from this that you are trying as best as you can to run cash neutral in 2009, in other words if things don't really kick-off over the summer, should we expect another 200 million to drop off that number as we enter the full? And am I thinking about it the wrong way?
Bill Klesse: No you can think of it that way. If you just look at the first call estimate, what we are trying to do is manage our business here, but we still have a very strong balance sheet. Apart of the thing we are doing all is getting our projects to a point where we can orderly stop them. For instance we have our large hydrocracker projects which our whole management team believes are good projects long-term. But we're getting them to appoint if we stop here as we whether this storm that we're dealing with. But, if you go through first call and do all the adds and subtracts you can see that we're pretty close to being in balance at $2.5 billion.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Right. And last quarter I think you mentioned a $1.8 billion as a minimum CapEx number. Is that still a valid number or do you think we could chop away that little bit?
Mike Ciskowski: We still consider that to be the minimum expenditure level over the next couple of years when you consider turnaround expenditures reliability, safety projects and environmental capital. And environmental capital in particular for the next couple of years we have a couple of regulatory obligations that we have to meet, we have to reduce benzene and gasoline its known as the MSAT II Regulation. We have carry over projects that come out of our EPA 114 agreement, then we have a large air quality project in Benicia that we are completing. So we would still say that $1.8 billion represents a minimum level for the next few years.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Thank you very much.
Bill Klesse: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: Hey good morning gentlemen.
Bill Klesse: Good morning Roger.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: Just wanted to follow-up on the gasoline demand you're saying in your retail. Is that a year-over-year comparison the 1% and the 10% and if it is how would it compare say what you saw in the fourth quarter to the first quarter or currently even?
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. It is a that's a first quarter '09 versus the first quarter '08 comparison. In the fourth quarter we had -- we were up just a little bit compared to the first quarter. Not much difference though between the two quarters.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: All right, thanks. And then following on with the CapEx question, kind of last time we had an update, the expectation was the CapEx number would be may be more spend rather than less spend. Has something changed in the last lets say 60 days that lead you to be more conservative about that or something in your expectation, 60 days that is now not as bright as you thought then?
Bill Klesse: The only think I would tell you is we're looking at the economy just like you are and we have a lot of people that are telling us who see a recovery here may be at the end or year and we just look at the data. We no unemployment most likely going to continue to increase from 8.5 or if some numbers are high as 10.5, so we just look at the situation, we also don't see any stimulus money doing anything. We don't see a lot of things happening so we're just being a little more conservative.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Jeff Dietert with Simmons. Good morning.
Bill Klesse: Good morning.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: First with stocks are up and the demand is pretty weak. Have you guys hedged some of your distillate going through the summer and if so is it significant?
Mike Ciskowski: We are always in these markets as I have said every time. We do a rate-ability when we buy oil, we have some forward sales in normal course of business. We have some pretty darn good treasures over there that our business for us. When it comes to strategic type decisions like significant sales or so, then and actually our entire management team gets involved and I am very involved in these things. We have a strong main (ph), but to your question, we are in these markets all the time, some of you know a lot of this is my background and basically we are there, we have done some forward selling, but on the other hand this is competitive, its very competitive what our positions are and so Jeff I prefer not to get into too much detail. In 10-K that would be filed in a couple of weeks, there will be some disclosures.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Okay. Thank you. Now on the -- it seems the East Coast market has been more challenged in some of the other regions utilization rates have been much lower there and yet stocks are above average. Do you see that correcting overtime as the economy recovers or is that just a fundamentally more competitive market?
Bill Klesse: I think focusing on the East if I understand, we've taken our Delaware City Refinery down. We had a problem with the coker in February, and if you can think about that operation, a large fluid coker, we could not get it restarted when it came down. Thus, we wound up shutting down the entire refinery. We've had that refinery down here for the month of March and frankly for eight. Now, we've done the repair work on the coker actually here the turnaround. We fixed our steam system because we took some of that down, things that you never fix. We've added some other steam; we have lost the boiler due to regulatory in Delaware and so we've actually had to bring in some temporary boilers because we decided we don't have enough steam. So we have been doing things like this. Now the plant is scheduled to start up and we are in the process of starting back-up and thus you will see rates as based on Ashley's guidance till you hear in the second quarter. But the plant of Delaware City is starting up. Now having said all of that, in this environment that we're in there is too much refining capacity, too much capability to make refine products and I said this very publicly the NSG needs to maintain discipline here during this environment until the economy picks up. If the industry does not maintain discipline then these margins are going to come down and it will be a lot tougher environment.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi good morning gentlemen. In the past you've been quite specific about merging acquisitions particularly in terms of disposal candidates, though could you talk a little about firstly, how you're viewing disposals. Secondly, about acquisitions as well in the current market. And I am also thinking not just about refineries but also about ethanol and also based on what you just said on the potential for any international activity either disposal or acquisition. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Sure. We still are looking for strategic options for Aruba refinery and we'll continue to do that as the world continues to evolve. But as a general statement, the markets have shifted dramatically as I said, you can buy assets for a lot less money and you can build. And this is kind of what we always expected and we're back to the market here where acquisitions, the proper hardware in the right location is attractive to us. So to sum you detail on ethanol we've got a stake in the business, its got a critical math, it is policy in United States, we are still firm believer in sound science, but it is policy. And so all this is an extension for us, but I do not see us adding to our ethanol business through acquisitions unless it is absolutely a golden opportunity. We are also looking at little bits and pieces in what we'll call the second generation ethanol just like almost every company is. On international acquisitions we are very interested, now that we see some plants coming on the market we continue to look at those. If we find one that we think, one, two or three that fits our situation we are interested in making an acquisition. It's got to be the right plant, the right location and the right price. What we would like to do is broaden our geographic face, but we need to do it in the right way.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: though it feels that as couple of refineries domestically they're kind of just not running any more, I mean is it fair to say that about Delaware for instance?
Bill Klesse: No, that's not fair to say. We're starting the plant up.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right. But I guess that was part of the very low throughput that you got for Q2 and...
Bill Klesse: Well, we've sorry Paul. We've lost one month obviously, so if you think about it, we're not starting up as to right and so that's the main reason. That refinery has a good configuration, but I am not going to deny. We've operated that refinery very poorly and we've have a major effort here to improve the operations of that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So, if I summarize basically, the existing if you like disposable candidate, is only Aruba and you are looking for international opportunities and you may very selectively add ethanol?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I think the last thing you said is very, very selectively add ethanol. Is that what you said?
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: Yeah. I would agree with that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And just to be clear, there's international account in Canada?
Bill Klesse: Oh Sure. I was thinking...
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: But I guess you think...
Bill Klesse: I was thinking.... I thought you were asking me more about Europe.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah I know I was, but I just wanted to be quite clear. Okay, thanks a lot.
Bill Klesse: But to be honest with you, we already operate in Canada, so we are always interested in the current opportunity there.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, okay. Thanks. That's great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte with J.P. Morgan.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: Thanks, good morning. If I could follow-up Ashley perhaps on the guidance for this quarter on ethanol. How does your current sort of wins balance and your petition to get a blender credit fit into that guidance? Can you give some update on those two things?
Joe Gorder: You want to ask -- I mean from let me just say from a product supply perspective, we deal with the compliance with the RFS on an ongoing basis. The acquisition of VeraSun for us is the acquisition of a standalone business and there will be opportunities I am sure for Valero to purchase ethanol from the VeraSun assets, our capacity (ph). But it is not the reason that we did the acquisition and we don't say the two being related to where you linked them in your question.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: Okay.
Mike Ciskowski: And utilization rates are just based on when we can acquire and get them up and running.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: Okay. Its helpful to think about it a sustainable business. Thank you for that. And then on the issue of cash management, how should we think about, how you are managing your inventory levels and can you give us an update as to how many days accrued there you are currently sitting on?
Mike Ciskowski: Cash management?
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: No, I mean days accrued.
Bill Klesse: We still run our business in Illinois. We have about 115 million barrels of crude products and all kinds of things in our system. Our LIFO number at the end of last year was 114 million?
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: 114 million if you look at. Obviously the markets in Calgary (ph) and so where we turn in the Mid-Continent we try very hard to take advantage of the Calgary just like you would expect us. We are not so and I have not gone out there and at least that the -- and we don't think that Calgary is quite enough. However, we have had earlier in the year when the carry got out to be several bucks a lot more oil on the water and the sense of trying to capture the (ph). And its been difficult because in the Mid-Continent we thought we catch it some of the international stuff gets surprisingly of trouble capturing it, but we're trying that, but as a general statement we have that, we have brought crude on the water, we're buying more crude obviously Venezuela, the Rockies and some of the other places because the Mexican borrowings are down. We have different numbers, we have a priced number which is actually a our price risk inventory and crude oil could be around 22, 23 days but then if you look at the supply functions its actually a different number, it tends to be slightly higher, because we buy a lot of the crude FOB. So it's hard for us to give you number except to say that we're basically around the business as we owns that. However, whereas not can go -- we are trying to get our inventories out of the refineries for instance and into the marketplace to generate the cash.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: That's helpful. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: It's a normal process for us.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: Yeah, yeah, okay. And normal as important I guess is sort of if I think about it year-on-year?
Bill Klesse: Yes, we have not like gone into a -- I mean we have a 115 million. We run our inventory situation same although we're watching it.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: And last one from me just on shipping rates as it relates particularly to the Arab window in Europe. How sensitive is that window to shipping rates and where do we stand within that?
Joe Gorder: No, it's a very sensitive point and we've had very inexpensive shipping here over the last several months. And it's started to tighten up a little bit, so it has chewed into the Arab, but the Arab remains open.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: So its still up. Okay.
Bill Klesse: The actual rates got down just a couple of pennies.
Joe Gorder: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: And so it's been as low as I've see in years and thus we've been enabled to chase the Arab when it's $0.04 or $0.05 a gallon. So that there's a buck profit in it for us a barrel to move stuff to Europe. So, but this is blowing rates that I have seen in a while, I am trying to remember when. So it does facilitate those type of trends.
Michael LaMotte - J.P.M organ: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Good morning guys.
Bill Klesse: Hey Mark. Good morning Mark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hey Bill, I assume from your prior comments and also your answer to an earlier question regarding exploiting the deep first quarter contango. That there might be some fairly significant supply trading gains embedded in the first quarter results. Can you quantify what that is?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, we'll certainly tell you what we're doing contango Joe.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, Mark the number if you take into consideration all of domestic barrels is $150 million for the quarter. All right, and I think Bill answered the question what we're doing on inventories here pretty clearly just a minute ago. So anything else there?
Joe Gorder: Well Joe that's just the domestic number I am assuming that there might be another element to that as well.
Joe Gorder: Mark on the international book we may catch a little bit of a contango but not much and it varies by the crude that you're buying but the one thing that we need to keep in mind for example is this, that the way that the Middle Eastern oil priced and the way that the Mexican's priced Maya, it doesn't take into consideration the market structure and so you typically don't capture the contango unless you get something physically in storage at that point in time. And you as Bill mentioned that's really not the way we run our business. So you don't get it just by virtue of the fact that you're running it.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Yeah but Joe normally wouldn't you have taken inventories down the first quarter?
Joe Gorder: Pardon me.
Bill Klesse: Taking the course down the first quarter...
Joe Gorder: Did we?
Bill Klesse: Yeah.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: No, you probably did not but....
Joe Gorder: They were up slightly I believe.
Bill Klesse: Hang on Mark, you'll then give you the right the answer here. Mike's going to give you the details.
Joe Gorder: They were 115.7 million barrels versus a 114 at year end. And crude was up one and products were just up a half.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Right. Then you said normal first quarter behavior for you?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I don't think we did anything ordinary. I mean look we're running the system to satisfy our utilization rates too. So to the extent that they were different we'll have more would be with that than it would any kind of apply.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Let me shift gears for a second if I could. How you guys going to report the ethanol activities both operationally and financially, separate segment embedded in the regions, what are you going to do?
Mike Ciskowski: It would be a separate segment.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. And implicit in Ashley's $0.32 per gallon operating cost second quarter guidance, what's the corn price that's embedded in that?
Ashley Smith: Well, there's not corn cost in that. That's just operating cost, just like in our refinery operating costs we don't repeat stock cost in that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay.
Ashley Smith: I think it's 377.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, $0.03, that's right. That much.
Bill Klesse: $3.77. It's $3, just say $3.80 of those, how we're looking at it today.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay.
Bill Klesse: That order for the quarter.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Is that a hedged number Bill?
Bill Klesse: No, that is not. But in this business it is a lot different, we do a lot. There's a lot of forward buying, there's contract with the farmers and Gene do you want to comment?
Gene Edwards: Yeah. Mark we always try to keep things soft. So that where you're seeing spot price in the spot ethanol price everyday, similarly we run refining business. That mainly to trap the buying, spot are fixed priced contracts to the farmers and then you sell the back to convert it back to floating price until you run the corn.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Regarding the throughput numbers for the second quarter give me a rough idea, how much of that is maintenance, how much of that is economically oriented curtailment?
Gene Edwards: On the refinery?
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Yeah.
Gene Edwards: I don't have that with me right now.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Last one for me, can you identify where the 200 million in CapEx reduction is going to hit on a project-by-project basis?
Bill Klesse: We can. We have gone through this in excruciating detail, as you can imagine we're all involved. But we are deferring some projects as we've been able to move turnaround from the forth quarter into the first quarter, because we're doing this full term work at St. Charles. So there are details, I think you should just expect from us that its been this we're in somewhere around 2.5 million.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay guys, thanks very much.
Bill Klesse: Mark, I want to answer the other question when you asked the normal behavior in the first quarter. It is normal behavior on the inventory management except for the fact that we did have contango and thus in the Mid-Continent where I mentioned to the earlier question we went ahead and tried where we have tankers and things like that to capture contango. If the market had been backward dated then we would have been pushing it the other way.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. The benefit of that is captured in 150 million, I think that Joe quoted.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, it's all in Joe's numbers. We tried to calculate what that was all worth to us.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon from Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Sanford Bernstein:} Hi good morning. I got a few questions; first one really just looking at your outlook for the summer in terms of gasoline imports coming from Europe to the U.S. given the really low diesel track in Europe and one presumes a falling utilization rate of European refineries. Just wondering if you're factoring that a toll in some of your thinking of overrun summer imports.
Bill Klesse: I don't think that we expect anything to be different this year than last year relative to gasoline imports from Europe.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And second one is on ethanol again and may be just more of a 50 point (ph) good question. I could see the logic why you've gone in and done this with VeraSun. Do you expect -- or oil companies to start doing this as well. Nothing that's been playing in this game already but a new entrant pass then may be some of the bigger integrated. And secondly can you see yourselves selling ethanol to however may be larger integrated companies?
Bill Klesse: For your first question I really don't know what the others will do. And for us as we've said with the VeraSun market was a good extension, remember we're an independent refiner and our whole businesses almost entirely motor fuels. So, to us it was a good extension. And then as far as selling, we will sell, we are going to run this separate business and so as Mike said its going to be segment recorded, we take advantage of synergies here in the office when you come to wake our management, accounting cash management the things that you would expect, but as far as the business itself, we're seller of ethanol. And I will sell to anybody that will pay our price and pays their bills.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Just a last, hopefully quick one; just back on the gasoline demand in the U.S. and though seen that from your stores that as you said you're up 1%. Are you getting any sense of geography where that is coming through? Are you seeing primarily the demand coming back in the West, relative to the rest of countries certainly miles probably in all the things and picked up in the West relative to the Central and Eastern parts of the U.S. May be you could give us some flavor of its faulty or is it you're actually seeing has some migration of demands picking up from West three?
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I'll just give you just a quick observation. I mean in California vehicles miles travel kicked off. And so where obviously volumes moved up a little better in California, and that just came out the other day some report on the vehicle miles travel. But then in the South West here obviously in Texas, and remember we're talking where Mike spoke, he spoke that the company operated retail, which for barrel is a 100 -- is 1000 company operated stores and then the volumes stands for the first quarter at average somewhere around a 117 or 18,000 barrels a day of gasoline. So when you look at it that way, you would just think about the size of the business, but South West year, you tend to have better volumes here in Texas, because the weather had been pretty nice. But as far as going East or so, we don't directly market there.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: All right, great. Just looking for your overview.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hey guys, on you're earlier that you are talking about the Delaware City saying that you guys have not been running it, whereas you should be -- is that hardware issue or just the people issue?
Bill Klesse: Yes we had a hardware issue there. I'll let Rich speak.
Rich Marcogliese: Sure, Paul I think the plan has a good configuration but has one of our most complicated plans from a steam gas and utility management point of view which largely relates to the coal gas plant. We had an issue in late 2008 where we had a failure on one of two gas refining reactors which really affected the operation of that whole complex, to try to run it on one remaining gas refining reactor. That in turn affected the utility system in the refinery and really you can trace some of that to the problem that we had in the middle of February, where we had large steam system up set that resulted in the shutdown of the coker. So my stance of this is we have got a very complicated plant configuration, we had an issue last year, we made to repair and gotten it behind us and I think you'll see improvement going forward.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. I know but I think may be I missed you, have you guys say probably be the inventory or the trading gain in the quarter is 150 million?
Bill Klesse: That the number that Joe gave was the calculated contango benefit.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Totally the contango benefit.
Bill Klesse: So that shows up eventually in our crude costs.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. And that 150 million is so that means that you've seen your gross profit margin that would be a mutation, and that entered Mid-Continent system or they spread to other systems also?
Bill Klesse: Primarily the Mid-Continent somewhere in the Gulf Coast we're running domestic barrels.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. And is that including any of the potential trading gain?
Bill Klesse: No.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: That is already included?
Bill Klesse: That does not include our activity where we do some spreads when you had the contango market obviously we traded some of the papers and things like that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. So the 150 is the periodic to CMA adjustment or that's?
Bill Klesse: That's right. That's the way to look to at it Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. And given that the oil price actually, and the quarter above $5 higher than they stop the quarter. Do we have any inventory gain because I think that you have markdown as have some LIFO inventory markdown at the end of the year. Do we have any mark-up in the quarter?
Mike Ciskowski: No. It's not a material amount that goes through there...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: It's not a material. And that Bill I know you saying that you don't want to disclose too much because of proprietary on the trading side. Can you give us a rough idea that how much have may have made in the quarter?
Bill Klesse: Well I'd prefer not to because its really an ongoing piece of the business for us. And we think people look at us. We're obviously still large; we're in the paper markets all the time. And we have a bunch of good guys that execute for us. But it has been a positive benefit to us and it's a positive benefit that has continued. We had some in the fourth quarter, third quarter of last year. I believe the paper markets are key part of the business, the way we do business today and so we're very opted in those markets.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. And a little earlier that you mentioned that for M&A, you're looking for potential acquisition you would interest? You said with the right location, right facility? Can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of what you will consider as the right location and what you consider as the right kind of configuration of facility?
Bill Klesse: Well we're one -- we always look for an asset that's on the water. We want the ability to trade barrels. We are firm believers here that this is a global business. On the north Atlantic Basin, its -- if you just look at the Basin, Europe's long gasoline short diesel. The U.S. today is long gasoline and I can admit and say -- I could say we're a little on diesel, but once the economy does recover, we will not be long diesel. And so it's a natural play for us. That's why we had our hydrocracker projects at our big refineries, so that we could make more diesel, to service both the domestic market, as well as the European market. But we like the Atlantic Basin trade, you get draws in the South America, obviously Mexico continues to be an importer and Venezuela is an importer or used to be an exporter. Africa with all the issues that go on in Nigeria is a importer of gasoline. So you see a lot of things that say to us that having assets that can back you up in your trading business in your North Atlantic is the way to go. And there's been a lot of companies who've made a lot of money over the years by doing that strategy.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So basically despite the market condition may have changed somewhat over the last 12 to 18 months, your overall view about what will quantify as a good location or a good asset configuration have not change, its the same?
Bill Klesse: No, and has not. We like assets as I said on the water; we like to have some size, we've said historically 150,000 barrels a day or more but the facts are its got - its really a location game. We want to ability to upgrade; we think that's a key part of Valero. You buy our stocks, you're buying a refinery in a capital intensive business. And we like the ability to try to work on these plans and improve them.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And Bill, if current market condition extends for the next say one to two years, is there any of your facility if you can't sell, you think may be candidly for impairment that is your thought?
Bill Klesse: Well I kind of got this question on the last call and I think somebody asked me if we can't make any money and if you can't sell it what'll you do with it? And I said well and you shut it down. We're in business to make money and that's our value. But today, we don't have any clients like that. And its always a big if, like if you can change a significant changes, we'd like to thank that we're going to have an economic recovery here at least by 2010 and if that happens our business provides fuels that's still fuel economy.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Very good. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: This is much different than the 1980's and our view is that a lot because I understand the 80's but the big difference this time is versus then if you think about the 80's the government controls all kinds of thinks going on that had put a lot of bias into the business. This time what's really affected us is yes its new construction, but its been this integration of demand and that's been because of economics. So if the economies pick-up I think you'll see our volumes pick-up.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Very good. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chi Chow of Tristone Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Thanks. Hey Bill, just continuing on your thoughts there with Paul's question; I guess you may have answered this already but I have a broader question on your thoughts on the general independent refiner business model. I mean you talked at that front, excess global capacity that will likely get worse here in the near term. Unknown capital requirements related to carbon increasing our best mandates. Do you feel like long-term you need some sort of integration to the upstream or can you survive as the independent refiner for longer-term?
Bill Klesse: Well, I will say we can survive as an independent refiner. Sure, I'd like to lets not be foolish. I'd like to add more oil production, I mean if you give them but we don't, we're an independent refiner. In my particular case that made my entire career working for an independent refiner and so a lot of people listen to this call and so the facts are we can compete, but it is a tough business; we have to get our costs down, we have to be lean, mean and very, very efficient. We can't afford some of the luxuries that the integrated natures can have; we just can't afford them and that's why we're so focused and on executing things. We've been reorganized in many of our departments here in a very systematic approach. To give you an example, we just completed our planning and economics group did a complete reorganization and we took costs out of our system. And we continue to do that and we're going to continue to push it but you have to be lean, mean and very efficient and move quickly because that's the only way the business model can work in a highly competitive environment.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Are you looking at possible JV opportunities with, with upstream players?
Bill Klesse: No.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Sorry.
Bill Klesse: Go ahead.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: I guess, the other question I had was; it just seems like the capital requirements are coming in the few years or may be in next decade. You got a lot non-profit type capital where you need to spend specially on legislative tech items. How concerned are you on the returns, longer term in this business?
Bill Klesse: Well, I guess treat as very fine and fair approach. But all I would tell you that, that's how it always is. If you remember the Clean Air Act first in the 70's then in the 90's when it was amended. If you go back we have all that capital go in. Rich made the comment I am very against this scrubber that we're putting in Benicia. This scrubber itself is $450 million that has no return. And MSAT II which is the benzene that Rich mentioned, we will spend 530 million the way we're approaching it. We are actually going to make a benzene product out of this so there is some economics in there. But you are exactly right and I have some other examples, of these type of things that this is our business. But if look at our business model and you go back to 30 years into the refining business, we make around a cost to capital way to return. I know all the theories about how we destroy value and other things, but if you actually look at all the data, you can make a cost to capital way to return. You are not going to hear from Valero that the golden age of refining is around the corner again. We're down to the business as we as a management team know it and that is to slug it out. And that's what we're doing, but we will provide a good opportunity, things happen, we'll have some better years, and we'll have some years that aren't quite as good. Last year for Valero and everybody said it's going to be a terrible year. We made over $5 a share and over $2.5 billion of profit. The reason we reported losses, we run off $4 billion of goodwill that had no tax effects, which gave us the $2 share loss. But we had a good year this -- last year and this year, we beat our first quarter from last year, and I think gasoline is going to surprise. We have very low prices for gasoline on a relative basis and it does give you an opportunity to get around. So, our business adds value as long as we add value we're part of the society here.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay. And one final question, you bring up California, they just adopted this low carbon fuel standard. Just the scrubber at Benicia get you to those requirements and how much more would think you need to put into California I means the state requirement?
Bill Klesse: I mean..... all right.
Joe Gorder: Well, just first on the scrubber, that is for an air quality requirements to reduce sulphur emission, so that it is separated apart from the low carbon fuel standard.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay.
Bill Klesse: On low carbon fuel I think we need to look at the detail, there is a movement for low carbon fuels, but they have several provisions where they are talking about some of this land used and trying to go all the way back or taking land stay out of pasture and putting it in the corn and trying to calculate this. I think this is a far bigger issue; there is going to be a lot more politics involved. So this the doubles in the details on this.
Kim Bowers: And the most longer term picture is a 20-20 reduction, 10% by 20-20. there is still a lot of work to be done and evaluation to be done.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay. Well great thanks for your thoughts Bill, I appreciate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Good morning gentlemen. I know I got in late in the call so I'll just ask my two questions here briefly if I could. The first one is on the tax rate it came in well below what we were expecting, I was wondering if you could provide any color on the key drivers there? And then secondly, essentially on the refinery utilization process, just trying to understand exactly how that is managed, just want to know if its based on a short-term rate of return process, in other words, a $9 or $10 Gulf Coast crack generates a sufficient rate of return. Does that prompt you to increase utilization or you taking more of longer term approach in trying to manage the inventory balance? Thanks.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay first place on the tax rate. We were lower than guidance that was due to on a proportional basis Aruba and Canada made a greater percentage of the income so, if there are lot of tax rate, obviously no tax in Aruba so we had came in lower on our tax rate.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay.
Mike Ciskowski: The refining utilization?
Joe Gorder: Yeah I mean, we look at our utilization and on an ongoing basis and we have planning economics group which Bill mentioned earlier that run VLP model and we're continuously adjusting based on what the market does so, we look at the whole picture though. We look at utilization rates in the context of economics that the economic of course are affected by the inventory values and then cash requirements. So it all gets balanced, but bottom line is it's a dynamic eroding process that goes on all the time.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay. Is that to suggest that maybe....
Bill Klesse: We could give you a little more. We do basically we've got almost like a three month look when you think about it. We do a monthly business plan, what we call an operations plan. That gets coordinated through all the groups; gets done before the end of the month. And there's got a lot of current pricing we make price calls just like you would make price call and we run our model, and we'll put a hurdle in there on margin. And depending on seasonality other factors and some judgment that hurdle rate can move around.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, that's great. Thanks a lot for color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Bill Klesse: Good afternoon.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: One question on the ethanol acquisitions do you expect those -- that acquisition to be accretive to earnings this year and how do you expect that to be going forward?
Gene Edwards: Based on current pricing, this is Gene Edwards, ethanol about a $1.66 probably it goes to corn and just under $3.80 of virtual. This plans our cash flow in positive right now. But we really think the real upside is probably 2010 when the RFS accept another 90,000 barrels a day or so, its really going to tighten its wide demand in further. And that's the assumption as we use when we're buying the plants. We figure that this year would probably more or less cash flow neutral fund deposited. Last venture is still down; but our plans to invest in advantage locations in the core build which allow us to be cash flow positive while other industry are still struggling.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. On a GAAP basis are you saying that it will be neutral or it will be a loss like....
Mike Ciskowski: I think its going to be a neutral. Neutral for us.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Got you. And then in your prepared remarks you guys talked about the narrowing sour differentials in the quarter versus last year? Can you us, what you guys expect going forward for the rest of this year, given the OPEC pricing to be in full effect?
Joe Gorder: Yeah, you know the factors and when we've got the OPEC cover the declining Maya productions we've got the weakness in the front WTI and we got relatively tight fuel our markets which have affected heavy sour discounts. So really I think, our view going forward to be that until demand grows, we're probably going to see discount stay in this general range. Nothing is expected to change unless we get demand back, which of course would then stimulate the runs, it would pull suite crude things stored, at the storage rates of the price there and then we would get a discount of that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Fair enough. Thank you for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacques Rousseau with Back Bay Research, LLC.
Jacques Rousseau - Back Bay Research, LLC: Most of my questions have been answered just wanted to try one more. Have you got any idea of the gasoline demand for April at your 1000, how its comparing to last year?
Mike Ciskowski: I think its pretty much flat in April I believe the advantage is pretty much flat from the first quarter.
Jacques Rousseau - Back Bay Research, LLC: From the first quarter or from April 2008?
Mike Ciskowski: I was referring to the first quarter.
Jacques Rousseau - Back Bay Research, LLC: Do you have any color versus year ago?
Mike Ciskowski: I don't have that for April of 2008.
Jacques Rousseau - Back Bay Research, LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hey guys, real quickly how much natural gas do you consume system wide?
Unidentified Company Speaker: We're using 400 now. It's when we back cast back into our energy consumption, its around 400,000 MMBtu per day of natural gas activity. But that includes all energy that's not just a natural gas but most of our energy, the power all that stuff is fired by natural gas as we think today. As well as hydrogen and steam its all basically driven also by natural gas.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Thanks Eric.
Unidentified Company Speaker: Sure.
Operator: Again we have no further questions. Mr. Smith, do you have any closing remarks.
Ashley Smith: We appreciate you shareholders listening to our call. If you have any questions call Investor Relations or check in with our website. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Valero Energy Corp. first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Executive Director of Investor Relation Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Bill Klesse - CEO Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO Gene Edwards - EVP, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning Joe Gorder - EVP, Marketing and Supply
Analysts: Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co. Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Good morning. My name is Ashley and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy fourth quarter 2008 conference call. All lines have been place on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star and the number one on your telephone key pad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. Mr. Smith, you may begin your conference.
Ashley Smith - Executive Director of Investor Relation: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse our chairman and CEO, Mike Ciskowski our CFO, and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like to receive a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. There are also tables attached to the earnings release that provide additional financial information on our business segment. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact investor relations after the call.  Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward looking statement and disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal security laws. There are also many factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations including those we described in our filings with the SCC.  Now, I will turn the call over to Mike. 
Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO: Thanks, Ashley, and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported fourth quarter 2008 net income of 732 million or $1.41 per share before the noncash goodwill impairment of 4 billion after taxes. Including the impairment loss, our GAAP result for the fourth quarter was a net loss of 3.3 billion or $6.36 per share. For the full year 2008 we reported net income of 2.9 billion or $5.42 per share excluding the goodwill impairment loss. Including the impairment loss, our GAAP result for 2008 was a net loss of 1.1 billion or $2.16 per share.  As to the noncash goodwill impairment loss, each year we perform our goodwill impairment review in the fourth quarter. As you know, during the fourth quarter of 2008 there were severe destructions in the capital commodities markets that contributed to a significant decline in our stock price. As a result, Valero's equity market capitalization fell significantly below the network value of our equity. This is a key indicator that goodwill was potentially impaired.  In performing our goodwill impairment test each year, we estimate fair value by discounting the estimated future cash flows from our refineries. The market derived discount rates that we used in our analysis this year were very high because of the significant risk premium acquired by our relatively low stock price in the quarter, using higher discount rates results in a lower valuation. When we performed our goodwill impairment test as Christi by current accounting rules, our tests indicated that all of the goodwill was impaired.  Getting back to our results, fourth quarter 2008 operating income, excluding the goodwill impairment loss, was 1.2 billion versus 884 million reported in the fourth quarter of 2007. The increase in operating income was primarily due to higher margins for diesel jet fuel and secondary products such as asphalt and petroleum coke as well as very good field margins in our retail segment. Also contributing to the increase in operating income was the favorable effect from the yearend LIFO increment 327 million or 214 million after taxes.  Some were offsetting the increase in operating income were lower gasoline margins, and lower overall refinery throughput volumes. Fourth quarter throughput volumes averaged 2.6 million barrels per day which was 173 thousand barrels lower than the fourth quarter of 2007. This was primarily due to the reduction in capacity from the sell of the Krontz Springs refinery and lower operating rates due to a lower margin environment for gasoline. Refinery cash operating expenses were $4.66 per barrel which was slightly higher than our guidance of $4.50 per barrel. This was mainly due to lower overall throughput values. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate appreciation were 138 million. The 31 million decrease from the third quarter and 22 million decrease from our guidance were mainly due to lower incentive based compensation expense.  For the fourth quarter total depreciation and amortization expense was 370 million, and interest expense net of capitalized interest was 79 million, both in line with our guidance. The effect of tax rate excluding the goodwill impairment charge was 35%. Regarding cash flows for the quarter, capital spending was 1.1 billion which includes 129 million of turnaround expenditures. For the year, capital expenditures were 3.2 billion which includes 408 billion for turnaround costs.  In the end of fourth quarter, we spend 181 million to purchase 8.4 million shares for our stock which takes our total spending for the year to 955 million for 23 million shares. So for the year, we reduced shares outstanding by 4% and since the end of 2005 by over 21%. We currently have approximately three and a half billion of repurchased authorizations in addition to our ongoing anti-dilution program. Regarding future uses of cash, our goal is to maintain financial strength. Considering the weak economic outlook, we decided to further reduce our estimates for 2009 capital expenditures and turnaround costs. We now estimate that capital will be 2.7 billion which is down 800 million from our most recent estimate. We made several changes to the capital plan to reduce the 2009 budget.  In addition to cutting many small to medium size discretionary projects at our refineries, we have delayed the St. Charles hydrocracker project, which pushes back the estimated completion date to the fourth quarter of 2012. Also at St. Charles, we have further reduced the scope of our aromatics project yet still plan to meet MSAT II compliance in 2011. Finally, we have delayed the Memphis [FCC] reliability project which pushes the estimated completion date to 2012.  With respect to our balance sheet at the end of December, our total debt was 6.5 billion. In addition to our yearend cash balance of 940 million we had nearly 5 billion of liquidity available at the end of the year. Even with the goodwill impairment loss, we are in good shape from a covenant perspective because our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 26.2% at year end. This was well below the bank agreement threshold of 6% and we have no coverage tied ratio covenant.  For turn debt, upcoming maturities are relatively low and consist of 209 million coming due in April of 2009 and only 33 million in 2010. Also in 2009, per terms of the indenture we are required in October to operative purchase a 100 million of our bonds. In summary, our company remains in solid financial shape. To maintain financial strength through a weak economy we will continue to look for ways to reduce spending on capital expenditures, operating costs, and overhead. However, we will presently continue to invest in opportunities that build long-term value for our shareholders. Now, I will turn it over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith : Thanks, Mike. For modeling our first quarter operations, we should expect the following refinery throughput volumes. Gulf Coast should average between 1.2 to 1.25 million barrels per day. Mid-continent should average between 380 thousand to 390 thousand barrels per day. West Coast should average between 250,000 to 260,000 barrels per day. And Northeast should average in the range of 510,000 to 520,000 barrels per day.  Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be about $4.80 per barrel, which is higher than the prior quarter primarily due to lower expected throughput volume. With respective towards the other items for the quarter, we anticipate G & A expense to be around 135 million. Net expense should be around 75 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around 390 million. We estimate a 33% defective tax rate.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call for questions. Feel free to gather the queue Ashley. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time, if you would like to ask a question please press star and the number one on your telephone key pad. Again, if you want to ask a question at this time please press star and the number one on your telephone key pad. We will pause for just a moment to compile the roster.  Our first question comes from Mark Flannery from Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Hi, yes. With this reduced CapEx program that you have can you give us an idea of how close we are to the knuckle now? In other words, could we go down further from here or are we getting close to the levels of must spend and a follow up about that?
Rich Marcogliese : Sure, this is Rich Marcogliese, I expect to make a comment about that Two points for the billion of the year, there is some room to go lower than that. We would say that our absolute minimum capital expenditure budget is in the neighborhood of $1.8 billion, which would capture things like turnaround expenditures which are on average about $500 million a year, and then other safety and regulatory requirements on a regulatory side which still have our program to complete the items in our EPA 114 settlement agreement. So, for the next couple of years we would say 1.8 billion represents the absolute minimum. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Great. My semi related follow up is, are you now taking a look at the portfolio and thinking about the long-term future for some of the less good plans? I have heard from others in the industry that they are reviewing their problem children as it were and might be taking some permanent actions by the end of the year. Is that kind of review going on at Valero now? 
Bill Klesse : Mark, this is Klesse. It has been going on for several years. We have knocked several plants were under strategic review a year or so ago and we did sell two refineries. This is an ongoing process with us but we do not have any deadline or anything.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: What I am trying to say is if you end up not wanting them and you cannot sell them is closure or terminalization on the table? 
Bill Klesse : Well, I take what you said, if you do not want them and you cannot sell them the answer would be yes. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Yes, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Dietert with Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Good morning. You highlighted in your earnings release the Texas City maintenance where you have all units down and running your FCCs at 70%-75% utilization, I think you are showing a lot of leadership and discipline in maintaining lower runs. Could you discuss how you think about that? How much of it is based on economics? I know you have sat down reformers because of poor economics versus perhaps inventories or your view of supply and demand balance in a particular region. Could you talk about how you think through and make those decisions on how much volume to run?
Bill Klesse : Well we do forecasting. We look at what we think is happening in individual markets, as you suggest. We of course run our LPs just like everybody. Certainly we look at the market structure and then we make a judgment. The bottom line of your question is there is too much capability to make an estimate in this environment. If the industry does not balance supply with demand, then we will have negative margins again and as we had in December negative margins for the perceivable future, we will have negative margins. We try to balance it and we look in and at our economics when we make those decisions based on looking at the market's pull. 
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Hopefully, the industry will show the same discipline that you have and it appears they are. Second question for Mike, cash on the balance sheet fell quite a bit this quarter. Could you talk about the decline from the end of the third quarter versus end of the fourth quarter and the impact on cash?
Mike Ciskowski : Sure, Jeff. The end of the fourth quarter cash decreased by 1.8 billion. So if you look at all the various items that we provided in our earnings materials net income depreciation, goodwill, etc. that implied a change in cash to about 150 million. The big difference was the change in working capital and it really was attributable to accounts receivable and accounts payable. So at September 30th when we netted the receivables and payables we showed a payable balance of 3.3 billion. At year end the balance had fallen to one and a half billion. So that is the change of cash of 1.8.  Receivables as a percentage of payables did not change between the two periods but what you had was a fallen commodity price market. Te value of the floats on these payables decreases resulting in the utilization of cash. So when you look at it as a proxy for the commodity prices, WCI averaged 41 bucks in December, it was 104 in September so that is a decrease of about 60%. You take that 60% and apply it to our payable balance at the end of September and you get about a $2 billion change which is very close to the 1.8 that we had. Offsetting that a little bit was from deferred taxes. 
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Thanks for your time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi,. You mentioned that under the goodwill impairment test that it was really the equity value falling that by extension made the future discount rate you should apply higher. Can you share with us what that discount rate was, that you had to use?
Mike Ciskowski : We increased it about 2%-3% I think, since what we have normally done. So that is what resulted.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Ok, so there was an increase in the rate from year to year of about 2%-3% but you will not share with me about the overall level? 
Mike Ciskowski : No. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Can you make any observations about how it compares to cost of capital and what you think your cost of capital is?
Mike Ciskowski : Yes, it was probably that that is a very similar number. Our cost of capital is probably up about 3% also.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: You would not share with me your cost of capital? 
Mike Ciskowski : Well, there are all different kinds of ways to compute that. The cost of debt- the capital markets are pretty volatile. There are several different ways to do it. Generally, we have said our cost of capital is around 10% and I would think in this environment it would be a little more to there. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, I have got you. Essentially, the trigger for the impairment was the higher discount rate. It was not any trailing measure that you would have used for margins to test the impairment?
Mike Ciskowski : That is correct, Paul. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Ok. If I switch to a little market question here. Distillate markets remain very interesting; that has held up well. Can you talk about the usual components? The demand side has seen some very scary DRE numbers but on the demand side but it seems the cracks still hold up better than you would have expected; might be to do with exports. Anything you can share with us?
Gene Edwards : Paul, this is Gene. What we are saying on the demand side of heating obviously up front over the weather we are having strictly in January. Although the tank per station fuels demand is down as indicator box of the index on rail and trucking. That is the export from Europe continues to be- 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Can you hang some numbers on those various components for me? 
Gene Edwards : Specifically about export value?
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Well, for a start, heating, how much do you think that is up? Transport, how much do you think that is down? Any detail on exports would be great. 
Gene Edwards : I do not have exact numbers on heating holders percentages. Last January was very warm though. This January has been very cold and it indicates- that number too is down about 5%. I think transportation is down around 10%, offsetting-
Joe Gorder: Actually one of the industry consultants said transportation is down 10%.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great, so-
Joe Gorder : Paul, this is Joe. The export market is- remains pretty strong. Last year I think we averaged somewhere around 125,000 barrels a day. It looks like that is going to continue. We are actually exporting at higher value now. The arms are still open to Western Europe and to the Med and so we see significant demand and good activity. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And, Latin America? 
Joe Gorder : Latin America is less of our activity right now. We are sending a lot more to Europe. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Interesting, one final one, which is a wild card. Do you know how much COT you produce? 
Joe Gorder : Yes, 38 million metric tons- we will get you the right number but it is somewhere around what I am saying here. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: 38 million metric tons per-
Joe Gorder : Call us back to make sure you have the right number. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Brilliant. Thanks. I will leave it there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Mielke with Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Hi, there. I just have a simple front up question. Just on the markers we had in the beginning of January over the last couple of the weeks. We have seen some extreme relative pricing of crudes particularly for WTI which is always the benchmark we find in margins that most people look at. Can you tell me a little bit about how you are able to capture those margins and how we should be thinking about your operations in that sort of environment?
Bill Klesse: You know, the high inventories are particularly [Cushing] is really exaggerated the steepness in the market, which you know is come off for a long period for the last several days and is now about three bucks. In addition to that you got OPEC cutting and it is compressing the (inaudible) discounts relative to TI because TI is so cheap.  Now, you know, the question is will these cuts out pace the reduction in demand and go on forward. If not we are going to see produced oil continue to go into tankage and that is going to continue to keep us in a contango market structure and it could in fact exaggerate those markets going forward.  That being said, as it specifically relates to us, we do capture the contango on TI barrels. It is really our domestic market. We do not capture the contango on our international barrels because international oils do not take the market structure into effect in their pricing. So when we look at our particular situation, then you really have to net the two. Right now we believe that when you do net the two that it is a push to slightly positive forms. 
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Ok, great, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Natixis Bleichroeder.
Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder: Hey, good morning. As you look at these turnarounds it seems like we are extending the length of them and certainly the depth of them, the full shut downs of the plans. What impact does that have in terms of your spending? Is that increasing it, decreasing it?
Bill Klesse : Well, I would say for the year, if that is the 2009 impact, directionally the changes that we have made have moved some turnarounds out of 2009 into 2010, so 2009 will come in lower than we originally anticipated.  From an execution point of view, you do not really slow down the execution because you want to be efficient in what you spend, from a maintenance point of view. I would say duration of turnarounds really do not change because it is efficient execution that we are looking for, but as in the case in Texas City, we have units that are controllably taken down, and we will do very little maintenance on those, so that is just a matter of capacity and economic management. 
Roger Reed -Natixis Bleichroeder:  Simply an opportunity cost or opportunity benefit of not running in terms of what goes down on the turnarounds this time.
Bill Klesse:  That is right, the evaluation that we made, because in this turnaround in Texas City we are taking down a large gas oil hydrotreater that makes sweet cat [thede] We had to evaluate should we purchase sweet cat [thede] in order to turn it into gasoline it just was not an economic proposition for us.
Roger Reed -Natixis Bleichroeder:  Unrelated to my prior question but somewhat related to the prior question, as you look at the OPEC cuts that have been going on out there, have you seen beyond, as you look at the differentials, have you seen any issues with sourcing any particular type of crude, or is there plenty available as the market would tell us with the supposed crude stored out in the ocean and all that?
Bill Klesse: We have not had any trouble with physical supply, but we have seen the effects of the cuts in OPEC, the Saudis have cut us back, last we read about 250,000 a day of their oil, and I think in March we are going to run somewhere around 190,000. We have also been cut by the Kuwaitis by about 10%. We are backfilling those volumes with crudes like (inaudible) and Kirkuk and we are just running more Iraqi oil.  To answer your question on output supply, it has not been an issue, but we are sourcing it differently.
Roger Reed -Natixis Bleichroeder: Share repurchase, obviously some still remains on the authorization, obviously you are watching CapEx, do you think share repos continue a least to the extent to keep the share count flat this year, or is that something that we should consider more or less off the table until things look better?
Bill Klesse: Today the issue of course is cash and liquidity, bouncy string, so we know what our dilution would be from our (inaudible) programs, and we will look at it but I am not committing anything.
Roger Reed - Natixis Bleichroeder: Thank you
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Good morning. Mike, Bill, can you tell us, at the 2.7 billion level, is that program sized on the basis of it being finds flow neutral on the 2009 environment that you are envisioning?
Bill Klesse:  The answer would be no, it is sized because we are going to take delivery of our hydrocracker reactors at these two plants that were ordered in 2006, we are going to get them, or at least some of them, into the plants and put them on the foundation. We are going to complete that amount of work and then we are going to stop. We have a couple of other projects that we are doing the same thing, and we are getting them to a point that is a good engineering practice point, and that is what we are doing on those big jobs because we believe they are very good jobs for this company in the long run.  Today, as all of us, we are looking at what is going on all around us, and even though we are really strong here, we are going to keep our powder dry.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Bill, I can infer from that that the budget is set on the basis of the assumption of being a slight net cash draw down or net incremental order?
Bill Klesse:  We would say today, and will just deal with consensus earnings forecast that yes, when you consider dividends, capital, we have some debt repayment that Mike mentioned, looking at all of that the answer would be yes.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  What was the level of economically related through-put curtailments in the fourth quarter and implicit in Ashley’s guidance for 1Q?
Bill Klesse:  Mark, we are going to have to get that after the call. I do not have the breakdown between economic decisions versus maintenance.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Let me try another, Bill you will appreciate this, one of the prior questions dealt with the contango issue in TI and the extent of capture, it would seem, at least if my recollection is correct that midcontinent there is typically a significant benefit associated with the crude roll in the contango gets anywhere near as deep as it was, yet in this period the margins midcontinent were quite a bit weaker, at least than what we thought was going to be the case. What am I missing?
Bill Klesse:  We have the number for you here; 9.5 million in the fourth quarter was the bet to the complex roll.
Unidentified Company Representative: Mark, from an operational point of view in the mid-continent we also had a cat-feed hydrotreater and cat-cracker outage in the Ardmore refinery, so that undoubtedly impacted the margins in that region. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Thank you, do you have any update on discussions with the government in Aruba regarding the expiration of the tax holiday?
Bill Klesse:  As of now the tax holiday is going to expire at the end of ’10, so I am the one that is doing this now and I talk to the government of Aruba often.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Nothing to update us on, Bill?
Bill Klesse:  Nothing I can update you on.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Just one or two quick ones more, regarding the goodwill impairment, can you give us any idea as to the margin outlook that was implicit in your analysis and the determination, qualitative, quantitative, however you want look at it?
Mike Ciskowski: We come up with a price based off of looking at historical prices through the cycle, so we have some good years and we have some bad years, but I cannot give you the exact…
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: So a mid-cycle type condition, Mike?
Mike Ciskowski:  I would characterize that we have good years and bad years, yes. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  The station count went up fairly significantly, as did average through-put volumes in the US, it would almost appear as if you did a retail acquisition that I either overlooked, missed, or you had not previously indicated. Did I miss something there?
Bill Klesse:  We did acquire late, in fourth quarter of last year an Albertsons chain, it was about 70 sites. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  I thought that was third quarter of this year?
Bill Klesse:  Whenever we did it, we acquired Albertsons and that would be why our station count is up, so if you look at the average for the quarter you have one number, and you have a different number for the average for the year. Where we are today closing the year is at 1005 stations, but it is because of the Albertsons acquisition, and we do have some sites that we are selling in that acquisition, but we are going to be around 1000 store company operated store chain. What is the number?
Mike Ciskowski:  It is 1010.
Bill Klesse:  1010 was the year end store count.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Thank you guys, I appreciate the help.
Bill Klesse:  Mark, I want to tell you one more thing, on Aruba, they start their election process in the end of February, early March, so I do not look for any resolution until they go through their elections. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Thank you Bill.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Chi Chow with Tristone Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  Thank you, it looks like the northeast system, the margins there have done very well the last couple of quarters, have there been any operational changes in that region that has driven those results?
Bill Klesse:  I’m sorry, Chi, you said the margins, in the northeast, which direction?
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  It looks like they have done very well in the last two quarters, so I am just wondering if there has been any operational changes that have driven that.
Bill Klesse:  You are not talking about retail, you are talking about refining?
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  Refining, yes.
Bill Klesse:  I will tell you, just as a general statement, our Quebec refinery has excellent results, and also our Paulsboro refinery has also done very well. We make lubes at Paulsboro, and they have been doing much better, so that would be the Paulsboro refinery has done better, and that would be the major thing I would say that swung for us here. Quebec, our Canadian guys had a great operation.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  Is it more distillate driven up in Quebec?
Bill Klesse:  It is more distillate driven; remember the yield structure up there is clearly skewed towards distillates. The refinery, if you think about it, has a relatively small cracker, on a relative basis.
Mike Ciskowski :  What I would add to that is we did a crude expansion project in Quebec earlier in the year which we are actually using instead of running higher crude rates volumetrically we have changed the crude mix. We are running more discounted heavier sweet crude in Quebec and that has had a significant impact. 
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  What sort of crudes have you switched to up there?
Mike Ciskowski:  West African, we added that into the mix.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  I also noted that the off-costs in the Northeast were a bit higher in the fourth quarter. Any reason for that?
Bill Klesse:  I would say that relates to the crude unit turnaround that we had in Delaware City that was one factor; crude unit was down for about 35 days. In addition, the coke-gasification was down for much of the fourth quarter.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  You talked about some crude changes in Quebec, some of the sweet crude changes with the Middle East rates, have there been any other meaningful changes in the crude slate throughout the system other than those?
Bill Klesse:  No Chi, if you just look at it, we ran more heavy sour in the quarter, but there has been no fundamental change. 
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Harry Mateer of Barclays Capital.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital:  If the debt markets are open to you later in 2009, would you consider issuing any debt to refinance that ’09 maturity and maybe build up some cash or are you committed to definitely paying down that maturity with cash?
Bill Klesse:  We may access the debt market. We have authorization to do so and we may do that. 
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital:  Would the intention be for refinancing or refinancing and a combination of also CapEx needs?
Bill Klesse:  The answer would be yes.
Harry Mateer - Barclays Capital:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil:  Good morning, my question is surrounding the cost structure, obviously we have Ashley’s guidance, for 1Q a bit of an uptick, my question is as we progress throughout the year, are there any opportunities to lower costs other than the pure natural gas cost component?
Bill Klesse:  You are speaking in the refineries?
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil:  Correct.
Mike Ciskowsi:  We are conducting a review now of whether we can accelerate any cost efficiencies in the refineries. As an example, we employ about 5000 contractors per day on continuing maintenance and operation support, that number is ip over the last few years so we are brginnng to question whether we can implemtn any contractor efficincies and if we were successful in doing that of the order of 10% that would be a significant impact on cost production on the order of about $50 million per year. We are looking at that right now. We are also taking a look at the side of our organizations in rlations to this reduced capital expenditure profile, with the intent of trying to positin our organizations for the wrk load that we really anticipate. 
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil:  Great, thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  A number of quick questions, do you, when you are looking at Aruba, I think at one point after petrol (inaudible) that you are still looking at trying to sell it to other companies, I think one rumor is oil. At this point, should we assume that there is nothing going on that within this year do you think is going to consummate on that? If not, and assuming you do not get the tax holiday extension in 2010, without that, based on the current configuration, is this a [ripo] entity?
Bill Klesse:  The first question is, we have said that Aruba is a plant that we are looking for strategiv alternatives, so it continues. Whether you can expect it or not remains to be seen, and at the end of the day it will have to do with values, I’m sure.  Whether the plant is a viable operation after the tax holiday ends, and there are many more issues than just the tax holiday here by the way, but that remains to be seen. 
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  You are not 100% sure of that, because we do know that in addition to the tax holiday that labor (inaudible) and everything has been an issue over there.
Bill Klesse:  You are asking me if I am 100% sure?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  No, I’m just saying that based on what you can see, if you believe that is a facility you would be willing, if you cannot sell it you would be willing to make additional investment to make them [viable] or do you think that you would be able to want them as it is and be okay?
Bill Klesse:  I’m going to ask you Paul, and you are not going to like the answer, it just depends.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  That is fair. Acquisition, maybe it is very far off, but if a recent opportunity comes and [oil] is pretty cheap at this point, and you guys remain despite that the situation looks pretty bad, but you guys remain one of the strongest, is that something that you guys mind, or that you think that given the uncertainty you really should not be too aggressive on that front?
Bill Klesse:  We will not be too aggressive on that front, but we will look at some of these plants that are coming on the market. We are a refinery, you buy our stock because we are a refining and marketing company and this is our business and as these plants come along we are going to take a look at them, and we’ll see if we get the strategic fit and the value that we say it is a good investment for our shareholders.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  Can we assume that you would be using your share but not the cash if you go into, or is that not necessarily a requirement?
Bill Klesse:  It depends on the size of the deal, I think in this environment liquidity and blanace sheet strength are absolutely imperitive, so if we found the right kind of deal we are going to finance it the right way to keep that, and keep our investment grade rate.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital:  I think this is for Gene or maybe for Rich, the [Meyer] discount have come down quite dramatically and the only down to maybe $5 or $6 at this point. Oftentimes, you have been able to scour and find some similar quality grade with a much bigger discount, is that an opportunity you have been able to fund at this point, or when looking at that, [Meyer], its price is reasonable, and the current market conditions is this the discount that we are getting?
Joe Gorder:  Paul, this is Joe. You are absolutely right, the mine discount has compressed materially, a week ago it was at parody with WTI and with the flattening of the curve and the increase in the TI pricing for us, now we have got a $5 discount today. Through that period, for the last several months we have continued to find alternative heavy sours and we are running crudes like Kestia and Maray and Napo and M100s, which continue to price at about nine to 10 off. 
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So you have been able to get the quality on those that is pretty similar to [Meyer]?
Joe Gorder:  Yes.
Paul Cheng -Barclays Capital:  Thank you
Operator:  Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Just a way of clarification, Mike, when you were talking about changes in the capital program, I think that you make some reference to the aromatics project at St. Charles, which, frankly, I thought you had shelved previously and yet you talking in terms of there being a compliance element to it. Could you clarify what you said there?
Rich Marcogliese:  We have talked about that previously and we have it was with the objective of recovering aromatics and producing paraxylene to get into a new business for Valero. When we talked in the prior quarter it was the paraxylene project and we made a decision to defer. The examination that we have made in this quarter is we have taken a look at aromatics extraction as it relates to the need to comply with the MSAT II regulations, this is mobile source air toxics, it requires getting benzene down to less than 0.6% in gasoline. We had made an evaluation of whether we would install new aromatics extraction facilities in St. Charles, as was part of the original plan. We have made the decision to defer that and we will take advantage of capacity that is available in existing extractors in Corpus Christi. That is the change that we have made this quarter compared to last quarter.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Thank you Rich, could you also clarify, you were going a little bit too quickly, the adjustment that has been made in the Memphis program?
Rich Marcogliese:  The Memphis program has one of our cat-crackers that has the poorest reliability, we have put together an extensive revamp project for that, it was originally slated for implementation this year, we made a decision to defer it to 2010, we have now made a decision to push it out to 2012. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  The Canadian retail generated a lot less than operating profit than I would have thought, is there something else that impacted that? Maybe FIFO or inventory considerations, or exchange rate considerations, the numbers were way below anything we thought might be realistic given retail heating oil margins. 
Rich Marcogliese:  We do not believe so.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Nothing you can think of?
Rich Marcogliese:  No, business has been good there. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company:  Thank you.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions in queue, I will now turn the conference call back over to Mr. Smith.
Ashley Smith:  Thank you Ashley, and to all of the listeners to the call thank you for listening. If you have any questions please feel free to contact our investor relations department. Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes today’s Valero Energy fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Executive Director of Investor Relation Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO Joe Gorder - EVP, Marketing and Supply Bill Klesse - CEO Gene Edwards - EVP, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning
Analysts: Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co. Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Jacques Rousseau - Soleil-Back Bay Research Ann Kohler - Caris & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Valero Energy's Conference to announce its Third Quarter 2008 Results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn today's conference over to Mr. Ashley Smith, Executive Director of Investor Relation.
Ashley Smith - Executive Director of Investor Relation: Okay, thank you Christy. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2008 earning conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese, our COO; and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earning release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. There are also tables attached to the earnings release that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact Investor Relations after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, we reported third quarter 2008 earnings of $2.18 per share. Excluding the $305 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery, our third quarter earnings were $1.86 per share. Due to long-term agreements between Valero and Alon the results of operations related to the Krotz Springs Refinery have not been presented as discontinued operations. Third quarter 2008 operating income was $1.8 billion or $1.5 billion excluding the gain on the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery which compares favorably to the $1.2 billion reported in the third quarter of 2007. The increase in operating income was due to the company's higher throughput margin per barrel of $13.11 which was up $3.17 per barrel or 32% versus the third quarter of 2007. The main driver of the higher throughput margin compared to the third quarter of last year was the increase in margin per distillates such as diesel and jet fuels. Partially offsetting the higher distillate margins were lower margins for gasoline. Third quarter throughput volumes averaged around $2.6 million barrels a day which was 257,000 barrels per day lower than the third quarter of 2007 and 159,000 barrels per day below the second quarter of 2008. The decrease in volume compared to both of the prior periods was primarily due to the reduction in capacity from the sale of the Krotz Springs Refinery and lower operating rates caused by the hurricane. Refining cash operating expenses were $4.96 per barrel higher than our guidance primarily due to writing off costs associated with the deferred capital projects, expenses associated with the hurricanes and then lower than anticipate throughput due to the hurricanes. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were a $169 million. The $52 million increase from the second quarter was mainly due to increases in legal, environmental tax and incentive based compensation cost approximately half of which was attributable to favorable adjustments in the second quarter that did not recur in the third quarter. For the third quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $370 million and interest expense net of capitalized interest was $81 million, both in line with our guidance. The effective tax rate was 36%. Regarding cash flows for the quarter, capital spending was $749 million which includes $76 million of turnaround expenditures. We spent $74 million to purchase 2 million shares of our stock and since the end of the quarter we have purchased an additional 8.3 million shares which takes our total purchases for the year to nearly 23 million shares. We've currently have approximately $3.5 billion of repurchased authorization in addition to our ongoing anti-dilution program. Regarding future uses of cash, we have significantly reduced our estimate for our 2008 and 2009 expenditures on capital and turnaround costs. We estimate 2008 expenditures will now come in around $3 billion down $800 million versus our previous guidance of $3.8 billion and down $1.5 billion from our original estimate of $4.5 billion. Although we continue to remain flexible with our 2009 numbers, we estimate that next years' spending on capital and turnarounds will total approximately $3.5 billion lower than our previous update of $4 billion. Regarding our balance sheet at the end of September our total debt was $6.5 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.8 billion and our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 15.8% which was down from the second quarter ratio of 20.5% and one of the lowest in the company's history. To further strengthen our financial position, during the quarter, we increased the amount of committed credit facilities by 10% to $3.2 billion. Including uncommitted amounts our total credit facilities as of September 30th were $4.4 billion. Although we had no barrowings on these facilities, we did have $1.2 billion in letters of credit leaving us with approximately $3.2 billion in total availability. In addition to this amount, we have $900 million of capacity under our accounts receivable sales program. Our primary revolvers do not mature until 2012 and these revolvers consist of contractual obligations from a large and diversified group of bank with no single bank holding more than 5%. Regarding our term debt, upcoming the charges are relatively low and consist of 209 million coming due in the second quarter of 2009 and then only 33 million in 2010. Also in 2009, per terms of the indenture we are required next October to offer to purchase $100 million of our bond. In early October, Moody's recognized our solid financial position by raising our investment grade credit rating a notch from BAA3 to BAA2 with the stable outlook. For the rating upgrade, Moody's cited many of the same factors that we believe differentiate Valero from other independent refiners. Key factors include our large complex operating skill, regional margin diversification, ample liquidity, low leverage with sufficient cash flow coverage. In summary, our company continues to be profitable and in a solid financial position despite the turbulence in the financial markets and the massive sell-off in energy stocks. We do not have to sell assets or take any desperate actions. Our financial strength provides us the ability to move through difficult economic and industry conditions and this is a clear advantage over many other energy companies and independent refiners. Now I turn over to Ashley to cover the earnings model assumptions.
Ashley Smith - Executive Director of Investor Relation: Okay, thanks Mike. For modeling our fourth quarter operation, you should expect Gulf Coast refinery throughput volume of approximately 1.425 million to 1.475 million barrels per day. Mid common throughput volume should average between 410,000 and 420,000 barrels per day, our West Coast throughput should average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels per day. Northeastern crude volume should average in the range of 560,000 to 570,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses are expected to be about $4.50 per barrel which is lower than the third quarter due to a combination of higher crude petroleum, lower expected energy cost and the absence of hurricane related cost. With respect to some of our other items in the forth quarter, we anticipate G&A expense to be around $160 million. Net interest expense should be around $80 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $370 million, and for the forth quarter we estimate a 32% tax rate. That concludes our prepared remarks. Christy will now open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Flannery of Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. I would like to talk about the CapEx reduction if possible. Can you give us an idea of what you will not be doing now in 2008 and 2009? Are we talking about project cancellations, deferrals, or are we talking about an extra hard look at maintenance. Maybe just a little color on what's not going to happen?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, sure Mark, this is Rich Marcogliese. I can give you a sense for that. I would say the bulk of what we are doing our project deferrals although there have been a couple of project cancellations that we can never... on the cancellation side, we originally included a today new delayed coker at our Port Arthur Refinery. We still think that this with a long range vision for the plant but we've actually deleted that project from our capital budget. In addition, associated with our MSAT 2 project, this is the mobile source air toxics. So we had anticipated Benzene recovery plus the production of paraxylene. We have deleted the paraxylene portion of that project. And I will now go with centralized Benzene extraction and marketing at our Saint Charles Refinery. So I think those two would be representative of things that we have decided to take out of the capital budget. Beyond that we have a number of project deferrals that I would share. It includes pushing off a planned crude [ph] or revamp at our Memphis Refinery from 2009 to 2011. We're going to push back the hydrocracker project to Port Arthur from 2010 to 2011. There are also plans for upgrades that are... Quebec Refinery primarily the asphalting unit and a sulfur plant that will be put off sometime within the next five years as will be a products pipeline from Quebec to Montreal. So what we have got here is a combination of a couple of deletions from our capital budget but primarily it represents a number of deferrals on discretionary investments.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Right. Maybe I could just have a related follow-up which is... how close do we getting to minimum necessary CapEx levels now? Would you say... in other words, how much more is there in that to defer if you found that to be necessary?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure. I can give you a couple of figures on that. We would say our sustaining capital level is around 1.4 billion to 1.5 billion. Now that's exclusive of environmental related investments which are going to be up the order of $500 million to $600 million over the next three years as we complete our EPA 114 program. So I would say over the next three years the minimum is around $2 billion.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read of Natixis Bleichroeder.
Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder: Good morning gentlemen. I guess kind of following on that line, what do you see in the way of turnarounds? I guess a little more on the near term, let's say the first part of '09 but also just how you might be scheduling on your turnarounds a little differently given the environment we're in today.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Actually turnaround activity like is pretty light in the fourth quarter. We are well into a downturn at our Wilmington refinery on the cat cracker and Alpine Woods [ph]. It's not turnaround on those units per se. We have an air quality project that we have to install to reduce particulates and actually that... so the unit is down to install a new electro-static precipitator. Beyond that, we have a planned accrued unit turnaround at Delaware City and that wraps things up. Our turnaround related expenditure this year should end up at around $400 million. Now as it turns out the 2009 will be a more significant year for turnaround activity. It will begin with a turnaround at our heavy oil cracker at Corpus Christi in January followed by a crude unit turnaround and coker turnaround in Texas City in February. Our St. Charles refinery will have a coker outage for crude replacement in June and then we have a cat cracker turnaround at Delaware City planned out in September. If you look at our turnaround expenditures on a year-to-year basis, 2008 again would be kind of a low point at around $400 million. Next couple of years will be in the $600 million to $700 million range. And it just relates to the timing of the individual refineries when their major units require maintenance.
Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder: Okay. And as... I mean, have you noticed or would you make any changes given the let's say weaker environment we're in today regarding how long you would do a turnaround or would you slow down the pace at which you're working in order to... you have no reason to be back on in 30 days if it takes 35 and you can do it a little cheaper or is it generally a pretty fixed cost as you go through this?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well... I mean there may be some examples of maintenance where we would work them on straight day shift as opposed to around the clock but typically, especially on the crude and coker side, you're going to want to get those units back on line as quickly as possible. So you typically work them around the clock like we do. And I think you would do the same for cat cracker turnaround. So, I think you would be very, very selective on small units where you would work them on a straight time or daylight basis.
Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder: Okay and then since we've seeing relatively weak gasoline retail numbers out of the master card, yes, certainly the EI hasn't given us a warm fuzzy feeling. Recently I was wondering as we come away from the hurricane impacts, especially as they kind of constricted available supply in the Southeast U.S., have you all seen any indication as gasoline prices have been coming down? Any sort of either directional improvement or year... probably not quite year-over-year improvement, there maybe sequential improvement seasonally adjusted over the last couple of weeks?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I don't have the last couple of weeks of data but like in October, our volumes on a same store basis were down about 1.5 %.
Roger Read - Natixis Bleichroeder: Okay. Thank you.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert of Simmons.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Jeff Dietert with Simmons. Good morning guys.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: I was wondering if we could get an update on cost inflation or deflation at this point on some of the major projects. And should we expect the capital cost to decline or are they largely locked in on the Saint Charles and Port Arthur projects?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, Jeff, I'll make a couple of comments on that. The general trends we see in the market that commodity pricing is beginning to come down let's say steel prices I think they have paid in their own way down. I would not say though that we've seen any impacts on labor rates at this point for construction labor to do physical work. But we are also seeing indications out of the engineering contractor of community that their cues are diminishing and we get reports that their actually looking to define work into next year. So my sense is some of the inflationary drives that we have seen have in fact peaked and maybe we're going to see a little bit on the down side. As it relates to our specific projects, we're not in the position at this point to indicate that they are going to be any higher than we've previously identified.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: One of your recent presentations included a comment that financial flexibility provides options when opportunities become available with the revaluation of assets that's happened over the last four months. Could you talk about what input opportunities are starting to look interesting?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well we are refining and marketing company. And at least as of today we don't have any indication of anything that is available. But we would be as we've said in every call, interested in looking at the right assets. We invest in long-term, very capital intensive business. So if there's an opportunity we're interested.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: And you would stay... continue to focus on large high complexity refining similar to what you've done historically, no delusion to the existing complexity in the portfolio?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I don't have the specifics, so I guess I would say the way you're phrasing the question, yes, in a way. But if the base is solid, if we see a way to catch your synergies above crude purchases to marketing to eventually upgrading, we'd be interested. So, I wouldn't answer your question with an empathic, yes, I think, it's more involving.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Co.: Thanks for your comments, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hey guys. Can I get some balance sheet item, working capital, long term debts, the inventory of market lending in excess of the book lending?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, our current assets less cash is $11.9 billion. Our current liability is less, our current maturities is $11.6 billion, long-term debt and capital leases is $6.5 billion and then our book value of our hydrocarbons inventory, I think, you asked is $4.7 billion... and excess total market value is about $12.2 billion. So the excess market value over book value is $7.5 billion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: $7.5 billion. And the $11.9 billion and $11.6 billion, that means that your net working capital went down as a positive $300 million dollar?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And in the $305 million pre tax gain related to the sale of the cost bill [ph], I believe you guys also have sold forward at the earn out for $200 million or something like that, is that gain is including in this $305 million or is not?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is not in the $305 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And that when are you going to recognize it or do you --?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me correct that, it is in the $305 million, I'm sorry.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay sounds good.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The gain is in the $305 million.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So the gain related to the earn out is already in that?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Can you tell us that is there any material inventory or hedging gain in the number? I mean given the oil price come down so sharply typically that have some inventory gain from most people. So do you guys have recognized anything here?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We did not have a life of decrement. We did reduce the inventory through the to quarter cost to our LIFO base. So there's not a material affect on our P&L.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: How about on the P+1 because I think in... you guys don't go P+1 but still have some crude purchase impact, that oil prices come down I presume?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We do not do P+1. Joe?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Paul I'm not exactly sure what you're asking though? Are you... you're looking for... did we have a gain on the reduction of inventory volumes in the quarter?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: That's correct. And also that the way that with crude price comes down, did your get some sort of a transitionary or temporary benefit in the quarter.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes Mike mentioned I think the LIFO effect. But that... outside of that we... in order for us to get a gain on the reduction of crude inventory, we need to take a decrement and we didn't do that. We did not take a decrement.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I see. Very good, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning everyone. The language here though seems very negative and one thing I was just wondering about is the fact that distillate margins are holding up. You seem to be implying that you think that's just related to winter and it's only a matter of time, let's say by the middle of next year before they... those... they become the last strengths to leave us. Can you just give me your perspective on that? Particularly also related to trade in distiller and that has been a big part of storing it? Thanks.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Paul I'm not sure where are negative. So I guess that's in the eye of the beholder. But we had a terrific quarter really and our operations, we did have a hurricane. So we had plans down but Rich's group got our plants back. We continue to improve our operations as we go forward. We're investing, fixing plans that I talked about in the past. We're under invested for years to the margins. Our gasoline crap when you look at crude is very weak. The industry must cut back. We have cut back on reformers. Unless we need the hydrogen, reformers in our refinery have the weakest economics. Distillates, sure, we're going into winner, inventories are good from our perspective. It gets cold every winter. We expect to see good demand. By the time you get to next spring, I'd like to think maybe this is where you're getting me being a little pessimistic. I'd like to think that we're having some economically recovery tomorrow. It is always about demand in our business and if your assumption is that we're going to have very, very poor economic activity in the world then eventually margins were weekend. But I don't see it that way. I think by then we're surely going to have some recovery going on and that will affect distillates. Distillates are still tight and also don't forget, Europe continues to be short distillate, South America is short distillate, Chili is going to buy distillates next for their winter or summer. So... but the industry needs to watch its utilization rates. There's no question.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: So distillate's still strong because demand is still less?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Not in the United States but it's been strong in places in the world and now they're entering Europe... entering winner. Like distillates were strong because demand was there this from Europe and South America. And don't forget for Valero, there's two other components. One is the heavy sour, medium sour differentials and their wingers [ph] will go on to the fourth quarter and first quarter as the asphalt season ended. And the other thing that's really important to remember there's always other products we remain; asphalts, propylenes, lubes and all of that with the falling oil price or raw material price, those product prices have not fallen as much and the number sling for us is huge even in the third to the second was $500 million.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $560 million.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: $560 million of improved gross margins just on those other products from the third quarter and the second as the oil price is falling. So... and it's obviously continued here in the fourth quarter. So there's a lot of positive things going on. The only weakness really is when you look at it is gasoline.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes I guess what I think about you being negative is that you're cutting CapEx and you're building cash on your balance sheet, it's not actually the actions we've... a bullish outlook. Can you just talk a little bit more about how much cash you would want to or how high you will take the cash on your balance sheet? I can understand it's a defensive move, but can you just talk a little bit more about the balancing that you're doing between the CapEx and between the buyback and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me... okay, so if you're asking me about cutting capital relative to cash, I think we're looking at the world brand and having cash is very, very proven for everybody on the line that's an investor or an employee, our company is financially solid and we're going to weather this storm that is going around the world. You asked specifically how much cash? I don't think I ever have enough cash. So we're going to build cash here and we're going to maintain as we said in our release. The balanced approach that this management team has used for the last three years, where we've increased our dividend which I'll add is yielding now at just about 4% to our dividend. We're buying back stock, we're invested in our assets and we're trying to find good long term share holder value projects that we can do at our key refineries. So I think I am not going to answer you specifically to a number but I am going to say to you that the management team is going to continue the strategies that we have done the last three years. But, with uncertain times, we are clearly holding more cash.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, but really the best. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chi Chow of Tristone Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Well thank you. Back on the diesel issue, could you give us some idea of the level of exports... just what exports in the third quarter and what you're seeing here in the fourth quarter of the company?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, hi Chi, this is Joe. We had extensive exports really through the early part of the quarter and it slowed down towards the end as the arb closed a bit. But I mean, we were exporting over 20 cargos a month during that period. If you look at what our maximum capacity for exports of distillates is, it's somewhere maybe around between a 175,000 and 200,000 barrels a day. The arb recently has opened back up to Europe and so we're taking a good hard look at it again.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay. Are you spending much to South America, here lately?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: It's less of laid to South America, more over Western Europe.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: But because it's summer there now.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Right, okay.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: I mean I'm sure you are aware of the Bolivian natural gas, it's gone to Brazil and Argentina and Argentina shipping gas over to Chile which isn't happening. And so, it's been a electric generation heating situation. LNG is very expensive. So, when you look at all these numbers, we see part of our future and I know some people question this, even among my management team, but we see part of the future is we're going to be a exporter of distillates, on US Gulf Coast.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay, well if that's the case then why do you defer the hydrocracker project at Port Arthur?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Deferred, the one at Port Arthur only a year partly to manage a lot of things, also just watching our cash flow and to as you know there is a big project next door to us that's taking a lot of the crash. We also have an extremely large turnaround at Port Arthur next year in the first quarter, right? Second quarter?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: End of '09 and in early '10.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: So we have a very large turnaround there and as we look at the situation we decide to slow that project and put our resources on the Saint Charles projects.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: These are our big projects, Saint Charles are bidding for.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Yes, I understand. Okay one other questions and this is kind of a longer term question or somewhat related to the elections. Both candidates have been very supportive of the renewal field mandate and then from Obama longer term, how do you see the rollout of renewable impacting the refining industry over the next, I don't know, five years or so?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Well I'm not sure I'm going to add anything that you haven't already thought of. But it's... ethanol clearly affects the gasoline balance. And so this year it's going to average 590,000 barrels a day. It has basically taken market share from oil refiners; next year goes up some more. But the... I am very vocal on this. The philosophy's been flawed, the tax incentive is huge, the consumer's paying for this and it doesn't do anything for the environment. Now having said all of that, if it is in fact only be part of the fuel mix, we're going to fizz around how to play the game.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: When you say when you have enough to play the game, does that mean you could potentially invest in this renewables industry in the future? C: Bill Klesse: We might, and also we think second generation. But it all depends on economics. We are an economically driven company here.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: All right. Okay, I guess one other follow up. If McCain gets elected, seems like he is going to --
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: I don't think this question's relevant for that.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Well, you're right but just a way --
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead Chi, we'll charge them. We'll give you our consensus anyway.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Alphabetically please. The key re-peels the tariff, the ethanol tariff and the subsidy? What sort of impact do you think that would have on the ethanol market?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Without a subsidy it has the trading and parity with gasoline. Most of that you hear is actually traded under gas and so then change too much. But diesel and gasoline prices are down to $140 range, ethanol $175, $170 somewhere there. So if there was no mandate, no subsidy. Did you mention mandate or did you... let's talk of mandate basically the lender tax payment whatever the market is, so I think it's going to continue to cover cash cost over reform.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Do you probably... it's a... took away the import duty, it's been more imported ethanol coming long term.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: But these kind of things, we will see what happens and then we will react.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay. Well, thanks for the discussion. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon of Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. Got a few questions. First, a clarification, Bill I think you just mentioned a few answers back, that you were seeing still diesel strength in Europe and I was just sort of questioning, is that... what's that based on?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: I was speaking to the summer, third quarter on the... where we have been exporting volumes, but Joe mentioned that the arb was open, so --
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, the arb's open to Europe now. And so we are seeing less of it... less of our demand going south and more of it going, I guess, to the east.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And maybe just a question with regards to heavy crude and with OPEC supposedly cutting back on production, can you walk us through what do you anticipate happening with the light heavy differential and residual pricing and availability over the next six months?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: This is Gene Edwards. I think it's being driven more by the residual components than it is the heavy supply and with the demand where the weak economy is down everywhere and that's the reason we've seen the resid discount stay in this $20 range even though crude's dropped from $140 down to $70. So we are seeing the percentage basis it spread over acquired debt. I think the mild... it's going through.. gone from 10% of crude up to about 20% of crude and so I don't think the really heavy is really being cut; incrementally the crude in the Middle East is medium sour and that's... So I think it's going to return stable in the right way right now which is very good from our percentage basis from where we were just a few months ago.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: As Jim mentioned fuel oil is such a significant component of gasoline and the mild discount that we are in, the discounts came in on that. We had a compressed mild discount but now its opened back up to Mexicans we're purchasing and consuming a lot of fuel oil early in the quarter and they quit doing that now. So we've seen it open back up.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And just finally maybe a question for Bill, given where the share price is, you could potentially do two things. The first is increase the buyback rate quite substantially. Even if you think that the stocks are good value at these levels. But secondly since your market cap is now just over $8 billion, what sort of [indiscernible] going private?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Let me just answer the first question. We have demonstrated and continue to demonstrate that we think our stock's a good buy. I... what Mike has mentioned we have already bought $8 million shares this quarter here in early October. Then of course we had the blackout. But we've purchased 22 million, 23 million this year which is a little over 4% of our standing shares. So, we continue to do the things that you are asking. The only difference is same question that Paul asked is that there's a lot of uncertainty around here about access to markets and so we're holding more cash. The other side of this is it takes us a long time on projects, we're very capital intensive business in refining. These projects take us anywhere from 2 to 4 years. Let's just say on average three to three-ish and it's just such a long lead time that, as we look out towards the future and try to anticipate the market we shape, we're going to continue to invest in our key refineries and that's what we're doing. But it's about balance. It's about doing a little of our orders but it's all for the long-term and that is to one piece of this I would really emphasize that everything we do here is geared to our long term shareholder value.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: I totally agree with everything you say, but the fact is that you are trading at about just over a half gross value. So somewhere in the market it doesn't seem to agree with you for some reasons. And I am just wondering if it gets to a situation where... to do all the things you want to do over the longer term, maybe the best course might be to take the company private so you can get on with doing what you are doing with sort of excess of fuel in the market and where the share price is going?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's a lot of companies that are being in the same situation. I don't take this as an appropriate form to debate this.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Okay then. Thanks.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Eric Mielke of Merrill Lynch.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning. Starting on from that scene from share buybacks, I'm guessing you probably spent somewhere around 150 million and 200 million buying back stocks in October. Is that a sort of a good run rate to think about on a quarterly or on a monthly basis going forward assuming that margin stay where they are currently?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: No. I would not give you a projection. As we've done this always ad hoc and we have 3.5 billion of authorization from our board that management still has here but we have done this ad hoc. And surely make the decision as we go along here and look at what's going on.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: And the reasons for buying in October then?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Because we hit $20.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: And that number in October... early October was $21, I think, for the 8 million shares we bought.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Very good.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: And now we're less than that.
Eric Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next comes from the line of Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hello guys, good morning. Hey Bill, I'm just trying to get a little bit better understanding of what kind of planning scenario you have in mind with respect to 2009 and in particular that $3.5 billion capital program. Are you looking for margins in '09 right now underlying that plan to be at, equal to, above, below, full year '08? Give me some color on that?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: I would give you a color. We look at the forward curves just like you. But if you had to ask me today, they'll be under this year.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: And that's what underlies the $3.5 billion number.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: That's what underlies our entire thinking about how we approach cash management, where we're going to spend the money when we look at our stock, everything and everybody is going to asking me up to that. And it's actually longer term and that's not just an '09 conversation. It also affects '10 and '11 because of the length of time it takes us to do this.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. And you won't quantify how much additional cash you want to hold through this period?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: No. I will not.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. If I could try just one more. It looks from the third quarter data that the combination of resin and heavy feed at least on a percentage basis was running quite a bit higher than it had previously, would you expect in a more normal operating environment for that to remain true?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We have hurricanes getting into that.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: We have trouble supplying Memphis and Ardmore because remember the volumes come up from the Gulf Coast but I'll let Joe --
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Mark, I would tell you... I would say that we didn't change this late intentionally during the third quarter. As Bill mentioned we have so many offering disruptions both on the heavy solid run because we had Texas City down, we have Port Arthur down, St. Charles down. So... and Bill mentioned the sweet crude refineries that were down. It's really hard to look at the third quarter data and say that we fundamentally changed something that we were doing. I think if you go back to earlier quarters and just look at our history, the rates going forward would be similar.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: However we always looking... and remember, we run our keys, and we do all of this as you expect us to do, and we're always looking for '08 to keep heading up. But we do get into asphalt balances and how much we can black crack and how much we can coke. But we're always looking to take advantage of these differentials. And certainly the medium solid differentials opened up for us. So I think how we do all of this and we try very hard to maximize it.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: I just want to clarify if I could, I think Rich's comments previously regarding the sustaining capital of $1.4 million to $1.5 million per year exclusively over environment mandated projects, does that include turns?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, it does. So in a good number for turnaround on average would be about $600 million a year.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. And this was discussed I guess briefly and previously but nonetheless the crude oil should have been positive in the mid continent this period, was it?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: It was slightly negative $16 million. And it was because we have got it here forgotten.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, Mark it was negative, it was negative $16 million. So about half of that was from the Mid Continent and half of it's from the Gulf Coast.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. And Mike?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Slightly backward accrual period.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we were.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. My... I will leave it at that. Thanks guys.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacques Rousseau of Back Bay Research.
Jacques Rousseau - Soleil-Back Bay Research: Good morning. Just wanted to see if you could let us know how much the hurricanes costs you both in terms of expenses and opportunity cost?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The opportunity cost on the hurricane was about $350 million. I don't have a front number on expenses. There was a very little refinery damage. So at the order of about $20 million.
Jacques Rousseau - Soleil-Back Bay Research: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Kohler of Caris & Company.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Company: Good morning gentlemen. Just a question regarded the start up of alliance and what your expectations are regarding the amount and location of the flow of that product?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Well, the start up has delay and we make... doing some 1000 barrels a day of gasoline, doing some 1000 barrels a day of distillate and --
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: We export it.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: We got to export it. Do you have anything --
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: They are going to export it to the highest export market in the same state [ph] facility, yes. They will probably stay in Asia and Europe and gasoline they will take it to whatever market's the highest one.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: But don't... we would never wish them ill but it's a big refinery and as we pointed out they are late from what they said and there's going to be big complex operation starting up. Also things are happening still in the world. Next because volumes continue to increase, South American volumes increased. We have lots of things going on. So, it will do exactly what Gene says just like our business has always done. That it moves through the best markets and then those markets are moved to other markets. And I think Ann it's a little hard for us to know any more than you know.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Company: Okay. Great. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is a follow up from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Two short ones. Mike on the anti-dilution, how much... can you give us an estimate that how many shares you have to buy back per quarter over the next say three or four quarters.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes it's roughly it is 300,000 shares. It's a fairly small amount every quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Quarter, it is only 300?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And Bill, just theoretically, let's assume if under the very best situation your cash flow from operation actually would be lesser than your capital spending. Under that scenario, should we assume you would still be willing to do share buybacks or that that's not going to be the case under the current credit market situation and the economy?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer: It's a very fair question, Paul. It's just I don't have to face it today, I'm not going to answer me. What we would do if that's the case, we have cash. We'll look at our projects. We'll look at where our stock is. We'll look at our future. And we'll make the decision we think in the shareholders' interests.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I see. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Mike you referred, I believe, in your introductory comments to the right of some deferred capital costs in the SG&A line.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Can you tell me what that number was and why if the projects have deferred you're actually writing it off?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: What I can tell you the second piece is because we had tax reduction. All right. The total was at roughly 43 million and it's associated with primarily the terrace island [ph] unit at Saint Charles which we discussed earlier.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: And I think there was piece on the delayed coker primary order.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It comes out to about $42 million.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: $43 million. Yes, that's right.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: $43 million is in our numbers that we on projects were deferring them, we actually just wrote off.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. The Northeast margin at first glance looks to be in the context of the environment really quite high in the quarter. Is that just the lube effect or is there something else there that we should be aware of?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well it is the lube effect but it's also because we ran it back during the entire quarter and of course as you know, margins went up.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: The second quarter was also impacted by the coker turnaround in Delaware City. So in the absence of that makes the third look a little bit better.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, at $0.03 [ph].
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay thanks guys.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mark.
Operator: There no further question at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to the management for any closing remarks.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That concludes our call. If you have any further questions, feel free to contact Investor Relations. Thank you for joining our conference call.
Operator: Thank you again for participating in today's conference, you may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy to announce Second Quarter 2008 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you Mr. Smith, you may begin you call.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Christy. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski our CFO and other members of executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy you can find one on our website at valero.com. There are also tables attached to the earnings release which provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact Investor Relations after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, our second quarter 2008 earnings came in at $1.37 per share. Second quarter 2008 operating income was $1.2 billion compared to $3.2 billion reported in the same period last year. The decrease in operating income was obviously due to the company's lower throughput margin per barrel of $10.82 which was down $7.32 per barrel or 40% versus the second quarter of 2007. The key river of the decline was lower margins for gasoline and secondary products, such as asphalt, fuel oils, petroleum, coke and petrochemical feedstocks. Similar to the first quarter of 2008, these margins remained compressed in the second quarter as the prices for those products did not increase proportionately with the increase in feedstock costs. However, throughput margins benefited from strong margins on distillates and from wide differentials for the heavy and sour crude feedstocks. Second quarter 2008 operating income was also affected by $148 million increase in refinery operating expenses from the second quarter of 2007. This increase was mainly due to higher energy costs from the increase in the cost of natural gas and electricity. Second quarter throughput volumes averaged around 2.7 million barrels per day, which was 48,000 barrels per day lower than the second quarter of 2007 but, nearly 140,000 barrels per day above the first quarter of 2008. The increase in volume from the previous quarter was primarily due to higher operating rates at Port Arthur where we completed the coke drum repairs and also at Aruba where the vacuum tire repairs were completed. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $117 million. The $18 million decrease from the first quarter was mainly due to decreases in expenses for environmental and legal reserves and incentive based comp expense. For the second quarter, total depreciation and amortization was $369 million and interest expense net of capitalized interest was $83 million both in line with our guidance. Our effective cash rate on continued operations was 33%. Regarding cash flows for the quarter, capital spending was $741 million, which includes $100 million of turnaround expenditures. In the second quarter, we continued our stock buyback program by spending $182 million to purchase 3.8 million shares of our stock. We have also purchased 2 million shares in July, which takes our total purchases to nearly 15 million shares for the year. We currently have approximately $3.6 billion of re-purchased authorization in addition to our ongoing anti-dilution program. With respect to our balance sheet at the end of June, our total debt was $6.5 billion. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of about $1.6 billion and our debt to capitalization ratio net of cash was 20.5%, an improvement from the first quarter ratio of 21.7%. As to third quarter operations, the following guidance assumes that except for the closing of Krotz Springs transactions, which I will discuss in a moment, no other divestitures are expected to close in the third quarter. So for modeling purposes, you should expect Gulf Coast refinery throughput of approximately 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent throughput should be about 430,000 barrels per day. West Coast throughput should average between 280,000 and 290,000 barrels per day. And the Northeast system should average in the range of 540,000 to 550,000 barrels per day. On refining cash operating costs, they're expected to be about $4.60 per barrel. For some of the other items for the third quarter, we anticipate G&A expense to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $75 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $370 million. And for the third quarter we estimate a 34% tax rate, which excludes the effects of the gain on the sale of Krotz Springs. After reviewing our capital plans, we are reducing guidance for our 2008 and 2009 expenditures on capital and turnaround costs. We estimate 2008 expenditures will come in around at $3.8 billion, down $400 million versus our previous guidance of $ 4.2 billion and down $700 million from our original estimate of $4.5 billion. And although we're still developing our 2009 numbers, an early estimate is that next year's capital spending and turnarounds will be in the $4.5 billion range. This estimate includes work associated with the Hydrocracker projects at our St Charles and Port Arthur refineries. The sale of the Krotz Springs refinery was effective July 1, and due to the long-term product supply agreement between Valero and Elan, the disposition does not constitute discontinued operations. In our prior period results for the Krotz Springs operations we will not be re-classified as such. Now, I'm going to turn the call over to Bill.
William R. Klesse: Thank you, Mike. As Mike said, we ended the quarter with a balance sheet in excellent shape and an excellent cash position. Our operations continued to improve. At Port Arthur we had repaired the cracks in the coke drum and are pleased with the results. This should allow us to defer replacing these drums until late 2009, or early 2010. Repairs to the Aruba Vacuum Tower were also completed and we completed the turnaround of the Delaware city coker. With strong distillate margins and reasonable discounts for heavy sour crude and feedstocks, the return of our complex coking refineries is helping our earnings. Also, as crude oil prices have been falling recently, the differentials or losses we incur on other products of these secondary products, about 20% of our output are also narrowed. There is no question that gasoline margins continue very weak. Clearly, gasoline demand in the United States has slowed reflecting the weak economy, the general feeling of less wealth, the high prices and the impact of ethanol. Interestingly, ethanol is having very little impact on crude oil prices, but it's having a significant impact on refiners and a huge impact on food prices. Distillate demand is lower in the United States as well, but world demand primarily in Europe, South America, and Asia is more than offsetting the weak domestic demand. Lower refining operating rates, especially in cat crackers will continue. With an economic recovery, lower pump prices and the stabilization of the housing and financial industries, we expect gasoline and diesel demand domestically to recover. Concerning our strategic review process for our modeling [ph] methods, we have not received an acceptable proposal that will justify a sale. We will not undertake a transaction that is not in the best interest of our shareholders and employees. We continue to evaluate our options. For Aruba we continue to pursue a potential transaction. Clearly, we have not met our own schedule, as the asset strategic alternative effort is going slowly for a number of reasons, some of which are the general economic situation, the availability of debt financing and the current financial situation of some of the other independent refiners. We have already sold two refineries at values that are in our shareholders' interest and we'll continue to review our asset portfolio to maximize long-term shareholder value. Given our healthy balance sheet, improving earnings power in a tough margin environment, we, as you, are disciplined that our Valero stock is trading at an equity market cap of about $17 billion, about our inventory and cash values. Adding our debt, we estimate our assets are being valued for less than 20% of replacement costs. If our refineries had the same complexity adjusted value that we received for Krotz Springs, our stock price would be twice as high. Our current valuation appears very low. Also, the world oil demand continues to grow. With expected growth of around 1 million barrels per day this year, which requires additional refining capacity. As always, location, configuration and the commitment to excellence are key to success. Our products add value to society; they improve the standard of living of all people around the globe. We will now open the call for questions.
Ashley Smith: Christine? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Paul Cheng from Lehman Brothers. Your line is open sir.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning gentlemen. Mike, can you give me some of quick balance sheet number, what is the working capital, long term debt and market value of your inventory in excess of the book value?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, okay, right, our current assets are about a little over $15 billion. And if you exclude the cash of about $1.6 billion that would be about 13.6 in current assets. Current liabilities 12, a little under 12.8... little under $13 billion. And we have current maturities of $200 million. Net working capital is 24 but if you exclude cash and current debt, it's right at $1 billion net working capital.
Paul Cheng: And what is the equity excluding the intangible value, intangible goodwill?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Goodwill is what about... 4. $4 billion is our goodwill, $14.7 would be our equity without the goodwill.
Paul Cheng: 14.7.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. You asked about the debt, or total debt is $6.5 billion.
Paul Cheng: And you say that 200 is in the short-term, right?
Michael S. Ciskowski: That's correct, we only have 200 in....
Paul Cheng: So long term is 6.3.
Michael S. Ciskowski: That's correct.
Paul Cheng: How about the market value of your inventory in excess of the book value?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, it's about 10 at June 30, it's about $10 billion in excess of our book value.
Paul Cheng: Great, Thank you. I think it's also going from my... is there any meaningful inventory gain or loss or trading or hedging gain or loss that in the quarter we should be aware?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, Paul there's not.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And Bill or Mike you said for next year that the purchase is about $4.5 billion, I think that is in line with what you guys have been saying. Let's assume under the worst case scenario, the market condition doesn't really improve much from here, what is the minimum capital spending that we may be talking about? I mean what is already committed and what can be cut?
William R. Klesse: Well, we are in the middle of our strategic planning process right now. And so $4.5 billion is where we would call our guidance going into 2009. And it has been what we have been saying. Our stay in business, our maintenance capital is somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion a year. Next year is a little higher turnaround year for us, and then you get into a question we have to do a scrubber at the Venetia refinery which is a large project, that's half-through regulatory project. So we get up around $3 billion. After that their projects that have economics and if it's as you said we are going to look at everything we are doing. The most important thing that we will do is we will maintain our credit rating with the agencies.
Paul Cheng: Bill, what... how much is the remaining spending in 2009 related to Port Arthur Hydrocracker?
William R. Klesse: The spending this year on hydro-cracker?
Paul Cheng: No, for 2009.
William R. Klesse: 2009.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Can you do that?
Michael S. Ciskowski: For Port Arthur hydro-cracker that total project is $2.4 billion and I am going to guesstimate something like $600 million.
Paul Cheng: 600. So that means in that theory if we just look at what needs to be spent for the hydro-cracker in your maintenance and the scrubber that you are talking about 3.6, 3.7 that's probably the minimum that you need to spend?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, we are also doing a hydro-cracker St. Charles and so to finish through your question, but it depends on the economics to our cash flow next year.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Michael S. Ciskowski: We will look at everything. The most important thing to us is that we'll maintain this credit rating.
Paul Cheng: And
William R. Klesse: And just see, Paul, we still are running our balanced approach here. We have bought so far this year as Mike said 15 million shares. And we intend to keep the balanced approach going forward.
Paul Cheng: Sure. Yes I mean that's certainly the right thing to do. Bill, you talked about the Aruba, I think previously you were hoping that to post a billion the second quarter. And can you give us maybe a little bit more insight or color in terms of what is holding up? Is there any major issue between you and the seller... and the buyer, that it still needs to be negotiated or that is just...?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well we did hope to close it in the second quarter and we've been unable to do that. We are still in discussion with the potential buyer that's gotten so much write up and everybody's pressed. And we are discussing the transaction.
Paul Cheng: Is there anything that sticks out, is that... is the major hurdle at this point, or that is just in general?
William R. Klesse: I think many of the articles that have been written that have looked at the potential buyers, domestic refining versus foreign refining, future oil production, where it gets consumed have been issues that had been... for them to decide.
Paul Cheng: Okay. All right, so it is not because of the price or anything that, you guys are negotiating?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know, we haven't closed it.
Paul Cheng: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open sir
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning guys. You mentioned maintaining your credit rating at the same time, it's got $1.6 billion in cash at the end of quarter. Are you going to continue to run that kind of cash balance or do you expect to work that down a little bit? And could you roll that... the answer to that question forward into an expectation for buyback, let's say, all things being equal in the second half given that you started Q3 quite strongly on that front? Thanks.
Michael S. Ciskowski: We've been running a cash balance that's been in this range. And so to be specific to you we will maintain cash, it's in this $1 billion to $1.5 billion range.
Paul Sankey: And then further to that the buyback expectations?
Michael S. Ciskowski: We intend to continue do the balance. We are also funding our projects because we believe these projects generate long-term shareholder value. And so we're going to do just what we've been doing, first quarter we paid off $375 million of debt. We're going to keep this effort going forward paying off some debt returning cash to the shareholders, maintaining some cash on our balance sheet and funding if long term projects that really have a lot of value. So, I know that you're asking us but we're going to just keep going... doing what we've been doing.
Paul Sankey: Is it fair to say that the step-up in July in the buyback was the function of Krotz Springs completing so that we could expect any... if you like about a larger buyback amount in the second-half to be related to transaction as opposed to just redeploying free cash flow?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Krotz Springs did close and so we deployed the proceeds for the uses, I just got we're saying [ph]. We also had our stock price fall in the early part of July and our window here from legal was still open. So we stepped into the market.
Paul Sankey: Okay, so basically you are saying you are going to try and complete the program by the end of the year?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, I'm going to continue to do a balanced approach. The program, I'm not sure what program we're talking about. We have $3.6 billion of authorization from our Board; we do not intend to buy that much stock this year.
Paul Sankey: I got you. A second one if I could, it's notable that the heavy life spread is narrowed significantly as we start Q3. But at the same time you had an announcement about obtaining Canadian heavy crude longer-term, Bill, could you just talk about the dynamics that caused the heavy lights get so wide in Q2 the extent which that helped your earnings and where... how you see that continuing whether or not you think the tightness that we are now seeing in that spread is going to continue and how it's going to behave over the interim between where we are now and the first Canadian crude coming, which I guess is beyond 2010, isn't it?
William R. Klesse: As the heavy sour differential has narrowed, what has happened is that, Mexico has stepped into fuel oil market to buy fuel oil for its electric utility business, that has strengthened fuel oil markets in the Gulf Coast significantly. They've been in that market in July and they're in that market again in August. So we see it more as a spot short term situation with that differential narrowing and also narrow seasonally with the asphalt business. As we get later in the year we would expect that differential to open back up. Now long term, piece to your question, clearly the Maya production over say five... next five years appears to be declining quite rapidly. You can get that from any consultant that publishes on Maya. And thus when we look strategically long term, we believe that Canadian crude oil, heavy Canadian crude needs to come to the US Gulf Coast and that is why Joe Gorder and Gene Edwards and group have worked on our project here to bring Canadian crude with a couple other companies to the US Gulf Coast and why our Port Arthur refinery will be configured to run, heavy Canadian sour. And that is like five year out, four year out project. Are you still there Paul?
Paul Sankey: Yes sir, I was on the mute. So just to sum it up very quickly, you expect the current tightening that we've seen in the spread to widen out towards the end of the year, perhaps start re-tightening as we go into 2010 and then open up wider when get move Canadian crude coming down in the future.
William R. Klesse: Yes.
Paul Sankey: I'll leave it at that. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Natixis, your line is open sir.
Roger Read: Yes good morning gentlemen. Going after the commentary that was in the press release regarding, and I think an evaluation of the futures market can see the weaker gasoline margins in the back half for the year run cuts, is that something more of a comment about what the industry has to do, what Valero would do, maybe something of a leader on this? Do you see it as a geographic or as a across the nation kind of cut on the run side?
William R. Klesse: Well, clearly the crack spreads in the markets are very weak going forward for the rest of the year. For conventional there is a premium, remember for RBOB, CBOB and all the rest of it. But you are exactly right. And so, Europe is very low on gasoline. You can see that looking at the East Coast cracks. So quite frankly there is a lot of gasoline around. As we move into the Fall, vapor pressure restrictions lessen. And so there is more supply as butane gets back into the gasoline pool. So I think it's fair to say that cat crackers as I said will continue to have reduced operating rates. And also, you can make your own judgment as to the industry.
Roger Read: Okay. And what would that mean in terms of distillate production given especially that's been the... the one true bright spot in the industry in terms of how much can you improve the yield there if you're overall, having to make cuts on the gasoline, so I'd ...
Michael S. Ciskowski: Sure I think, I can make some comments about that. So if you look at our performance second quarter versus first quarter, we increased distillate production by about 110,000 barrels a day and some of that is throughput related because we had higher volumes in the second quarter. But we can readily identify a distillate yield shift of about 3% on input, It would represent about 75,000 barrels a day. We think that we can expand that in the near term to about 100,000 barrels a day of increased distillates. Full potential may be as high as 200,000 barrels a day. But getting that second 100,000 will require some capital retrofits which will take time to implement and take some economic evaluation. But we're pretty well positioned particularly with some of the casual assets we've brought on stream last year that increased producibility.
Roger Read: Okay. And the say capturing the additional 25,000 barrels a day will be more of a say 2010 event or something like that?
William R. Klesse: To take it from the 75 to 100, I think that's capturable in the near term within the next six months let's say.
Roger Read: Okay. But there is the additional 25 beyond that would be more of a 2010... I mean I'm trying to think about maximum ability to take advantage of current market conditions we can see it go to 100 and then 125 is more of 2010 event or something like that?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, I don't think that, it's going to extend into 2009, some of what we have planned is we have some of our refineries that actually are configured hardware wise to make large volume of gasoline, this would pertain to Corpus Christi and to Venetia. There are retrofits that we have under consideration for 2009 turnarounds that can give us another boost in distillate producibility. So I think the way to look at this is we are going to ship away this total potential of around 200,000 barrels a day. And so we are going to just continue to make progress. When you get out to late 2010 is when we expect to bring on these new large hydro crackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles and that will be another large boost in our distillate producibility.
Roger Read: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert from Simmons. Your line is open sir.
Jeff Dietert: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the expansions of St. Charles and Port Arthur. I think if you look at these expansions on a dollar per barrel a day capacity or dollar per complexity barrel they were more expensive than your stock 9 months ago, and they are much more expensive than your stock at this point trading as Bill talked about at 20% of replacement costs. Obviously, your current portfolio and the feedstock and yield associated with St. Charles and Port Arthur refineries are not the same. Could you talk about how those economics have evolved over the last 6 to 9 months and why it's a better alternative to invest in the expansions at St. Charles and Port Arthur than buy back your own stock?
Richard J. Marcogliese: Let me speak to the economics on these projects. And what I would say is reflecting back on the last year, we feel even better about these projects than we did when we requested approval for them now. Just bear in mind when we look at these projects we were in $65 a barrel crude environment, now we are much higher. These projects since they are hydro-cracker based they result in significant volume gains. So as a result they are far more attractive from the return on investment point of view than we even considered about a year ago. So we continue to view these as key projects to support earnings for open position as we go into the future.
William R. Klesse: I think if you would add to what... or adding to what Rich says, if you think about our hydro cracker you take natural gas and you make hydrogen. The hydrogen then becomes liquid in the hydro cracker. So that is volume gain. If you look at the relative pricing of everything and the way to think about it, it really becomes the gas to liquid project. Also, we're configuring these refineries which are key flagship refineries of ours, along with a couple of others so that to be configured to make products to the marketplace, we think we're dealing with. And because our hydro crackers and of course the coker at Port Arthur running the Canadian crude oil, will have 150,000 barrels a day of coke and capacity at Port Arthur, combined with this new hydro cracker in the same as St. Charles, we'll have 80,000 barrels a day coke and capacity combined with the new hydro cracker that will increase our distillate yields. So, the economics to these projects are very good, the lead time is huge. I think some of know that we ordered these reactors, hydro crackers each of these 10.2, 11 inch wall reactors, they've been ordered now for, say 18 months at least, and because the delivery is so long, and they are going to add tremendously to the future of our company. So when you stack this up with $32 stock price, I understand the issue very clearly. We've done a balanced approach here. We've already spent on those $800,000 million this year buying our stock. We continue to do what I mentioned in the question earlier from Paul. But we think these are key projects to the future of Valero and to add tremendous value for our shareholder.
Jeff Dietert: And now if I am sorry. Am sorry, were you finished Bill?
William R. Klesse: Yes, I am, and the other things I would add is we are eliminating a lot of things and delaying a lot of things in our budgets to manage this capital spending with our cash flow if at all it demands on it and to maintain a buyback program. So I am done Jeff.
Jeff Dietert: Okay. And so these two projects are two of your highest priority projects and you would... you are pushing other projects out of the mix in order to maintain positive cash flow or cash flow... positive free cash flow for this year of '09 and 2010 factoring in the potential for asset divestitures and the margin environment over time.
William R. Klesse: That's correct and we, as I said very clearly, we still are looking at strategic options or alternatives for some of our refineries. And if the environment improves and some asset action is clearly in our shareholders 'interest we are interested. If it is not we do not have to do it. Our refineries are improving everyday in the liability safety and their performance.
Jeff Dietert: You've issued some maintenance activity for the second half of the year, were all these projects, planned maintenance or is there some unplanned maintenance or accelerated maintenance incorporated here? With specific interest on the hydro crackers looked like there a fair number of those and those are your main distillates units?
Richard J. Marcogliese: Yes Jeff, we are really executing our base plans on turnarounds so there really isn't anything due... there aren't any new issues that have crept us. So we are implementing the programs that we anticipate in turnarounds in 2008. Our turnarounds activity will ramp up in 2009 but we have been projecting that quite sometime.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil McMohan with Bernstein. Your line is open sir.
Neil McMohan: Hello, just a few questions, first of all, maybe you commented on this, it took me a while to get on the line. What part of the capital program are you declining this year and is there any follow on into the 2009 budget?
William R. Klesse: Well we haven't declined so much this year, except we're just... things are a little bit behind, it takes longer to get equipment now from permitting equipment to labor, productivity continues to be a problem. So we are... that's why we are issuing lower guidance because we are not going... we are going to spend somewhere in this $3.8 billion that we set. But more importantly we're not starting projects at some of our facilities. For instance we had a project in Quebec to upgrade our bombs [ph], we are now pushing that project off. We have a pipeline project in Canada that we're re-assessing when that should be done. We have a paraxylene project at St. Charles that as we are developing our strategic plan here, we are going to do certain extraction aspects of it, but we may not directly enter the paraxyline business here, we are just deferring it. So we are in the middle of strategic planning and also looking at obviously the real world of the current cracks and maintaining and are looking at our cash flows and we are... and maintaining our strategic efforts here. So we are going through it project by project and in this particular case, Rich Marcogliese, Mike Ciskowski and I are directly involved in going through our capital budget line by line. And then our strategy meeting is in October with our Board.
Neil McMohan: Great. Just a second question is, I'd like to be honest, I know we've talked about, you shared in details around operating performance and what could be going on. But I think frankly and I don't know if you would agree, it pretty much needs an uptick in the refining environment for a tight up where less all [ph] boats can get the stock price moving again. What do you think is going to differentiate you over let's say if go through a sustained reasonably weak period going forward, in particular I am looking at your diesel strategy which seems to be totally differentiated versus all the other independent refineries, and frankly versus most of the integrated refineries in the U.S. Is that something you think is going to really make you stand out versus others as well as your exposure to make the light heavy and things like that?
William R. Klesse: Well that is very good question. I think that we differentiate ourselves right now Shawn [ph], we are still making money. We have earnings power in our assets. If you actually look at our well... I will call our reliability starting from January through to today, once we got past this coker from we had at Port Arthur here in that major repair we did that stretch out for almost four months, our reliability has improve tremendously. So I do believe that we are excellent operators. We've had a lot of refineries that were under invested, under maintained for years. And you can see us constantly improving our performance but clearly we had some refineries that can compete on the world market. If you look at some of the actions that I just mentioned we're taking we also have export capability. People don't like to talk about exports but the facts are it's a world market. This is a global business; we've been sending distillate all over the place to Europe, to South America. Our facilities along the US Gulf Coast are gearing up to do that... So being a good operator, spending our money wisely, we've maintained a balanced program here. We've increased our dividend, we've been buying shares, we are trying very hard to only spend money on projects that clearly hedge your all the value. And we continue to look at our portfolio. Some people criticized us three years ago, when we got out there looking disposing of some of our refineries. There I don't think too many people are second guessing that action today. So, I think we are demonstrating that we can be profitable in this business and we will be going forward. And to your diesel question, we see the growth in the world on diesel fuel. And so, thus our efforts as Rich just articulated to make more diesel, to export diesel and also to add to our facilities to make more in 2010.
Neil McMohan: Great. Thanks for that and maybe just a comment, Bill thanks for your comments in that press release today on what the... what Congress should do in terms of Energy Policy in the US, as there actually isn't an energy policy in the US. I think it's about time somebody stood up and talked about it.
William R. Klesse: Well I appreciate your comment but all of us are tax payers, why they don't let, and we do not drill. So we feel very like we are not compromising here. All we want to lower oil prices. We think it's good for our company, good for the shareholders, good for the consumer. The government gets money selling leases, people go to work drilling, steel mills go to work making more pipe. This whole thing is unbelievable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael LaMotte with JP Morgan. Your line is open sir.
Michael LaMotte: Thanks. Good morning guys. I was hoping you could provide some comments on the flow patterns that you're seeing in distillates exports today and how that's changed over the last few months, particularly as we start to come out of the winter season in the Southern Hemisphere?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well this is Joe Gorder. We have seen significant distillate exports here over the last several months in fact, really throughout all this year. But right now we are averaging over 25 cargos and a month. So we do have significant export activity. We knew that the Chile was the original recipient of a lot of that and that was true for exporting now on a consistent basis also in Northwest Europe, France is taking distillates, Italy is taking distillates. So we got a lot moving out, we've exported some to Turkey. So we are seeing continued strong demand abroad not only in South America and also in Northwest Europe and the Med.
Michael LaMotte: With Reliance fully up and running year end and couple of refineries coming online in China do you... are you fearful at all that we could see some backing out of some of that demand around the world satisfied by this more local capacity and some of those flows backing up into the US potentially next year?
William R. Klesse: I don't know if they will back up into the US but your observation is correct. You're bringing on more refining capacity assuming it all starts up is planned and for instance Reliance puts 200,000 barrels a day of diesel low sulfur diesel on the market it will clearly have an impact. But the world continues to grow and it is very important to remember that whether it is a million barrels this year 900,000 barrels a day this year remains to be seen but the world is still growing. And also in the United States we shouldn't forget the diesel demand is down over 2% this year and gasoline is down depending on how you calculate, ethanol is down somewhere between 3% and 4% that with a better economy so you might say yes well you guys are hoping for an improved world economy. But clearly our products do, diesel fuel, economic growth, things like that we need a better economy. It always comes down to the end of the day about the demand, because refineries typically can put on our products. So it's always about demand. But your observation is correct, as supply comes in we need demand to keep growing or we'll do what you said. We are optimistic though that demand is going to keep growing.
Michael LaMotte: Is that, which raises a question, Bill, on sort of whole notion of creative destruction that demands declining here domestically but overseas growth still looking good and the need for capacity particularly complex capacity overseas. I'm wondering if you've taken a look at some of the greenfield projects that have cropped up in the Middle East or parts of Latin America where you can invest and maybe shed some light on you're thoughts on expansion overseas potentially.
William R. Klesse: Well, we're still interested, I mean this is our business, when you buy our stock you buy our refiners. And so we're interested in those kinds of transactions. But we also understand risk and these projects in the Middle East, the capital cost has gotten very, very high. And so it boils down to at the end of the day where do the economics really look like, or is it just going to be a straight standalone refining project in the Middle East. If it's that, it's probably not a play for Valero. If there is something else that comes with it, Valero would be interested in the right transaction. As the world grows and the Middle East is resourced advantage, just like the Far East, is consumer advantaged.
Michael LaMotte: Petrobras in Brazil in particular, are stepping up their CapEx on the downstream considerably over the next few years, and have looked to do, I guess joint ventures or projects or partnering of some kind outside of Brazil, and I know reboot that aside, I'm wondering if there isn't something to be done with them, either in Brazil or outside... aside from Aruba?
William R. Klesse: I think your observation on that then is right, they appeared to have a lot of oil production is going to come on over the years. And they are dynamic, well managed company. So I think it just remains to be same.
Michael LaMotte: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chi Chow from Tristone Capital Inc. Your line is open.
Chi Chow: Hi, thank you. Bill you talked a little bit about 2008, but could you give us your outlook for the gasoline market in the US for 2009?
William R. Klesse: You tell me where the price of oil is?
Chi Chow: Well, let's assume oil stays kind of where at that and we seem demand destruction here in '08, do you expect that to continue on gasoline side in '09?
William R. Klesse: If you say price oil is going to say $125 a barrel, I would say the gasoline demand is going to be declining. I also have to throw in there though ethanol is in this mix. Ethanol this year is going to average 590,000 barrels a day under the RFS. And that is taking market share from refiners, at a huge cost to the works and to the US tax payers. I think we'll see what the new administration does when they get in there. If they have the will at all to look at a totally concede policy. But what happens when ethanol remains to be seen but this has taken significant market share from refiners, because as you know Chi, the US is still importing over a million barrels a day gasoline.
Chi Chow: Right. At what oil price do you think we avoid demand destruction going forward?
William R. Klesse: I don't know for sure. Why don't you let me philosophize and say that, as we started the year at a much lower price, what was it? Wherever we started the year,
Richard J. Marcogliese: $100 in January 1.
William R. Klesse: $100 January, if you start thinking back when gasoline was $3 or less than $3 we lost the front page effect that was no longer an issue. But don't lose track of the fact that people are out of work. They don't feel as well there [ph]. Gasoline as for... gasoline as a percentage of disposable income is still not at the same level it was in 1981. And so our products really do give you tremendous mobility. So I think we need prices to come down, I am the first person to admit it. It is good for the consumer and be good for refiners.
Chi Chow: Okay, back on your answer to the question on the Port Arthur and St. Charles projects, how sensitive are the project economics to the availability of Canadian heavy crudes?
William R. Klesse: They are not.
Chi Chow: Okay. Because that seems like.
William R. Klesse: Because we clear... I can answer you this way. So you get, we are basically looking at a Gulf Coast heavy sour crude price any way.
Chi Chow: Okay.
William R. Klesse: So as you look at your economics we are basically doing that and remember the coking today has good economics as we all know. And hydro-cracking as we've already gone through the economics are terrific.
Chi Chow: On those projects in the Gulf Coast, if you totaled up all your competitors their expansion projects as well, we are probably talking about what 800,000 of million barrels a day of new expansion capacity down there by say between 2010 and 2012. Is that a concern on placing all that product into the market?
William R. Klesse: I don't think it will all be placed in the United States and I'm not sure about the number. Clearly multi [ph] is 300,000 and Gary builds [ph] is 200 rounding off. But remember our projects are increasing crude charge, a tremendous amount. We are really working much harder on that whole product range. They go up but they don't go up with tremendous amount. So get adding those three projects together about 600 to 650, so there must be some other ones that you were referring to.
Chi Chow: All right. Got you. It remains to be seen how much of that comes online but...
William R. Klesse: I'll touch... it's right okay.
Chi Chow: Regardless it's a big number.
William R. Klesse: And so when you look at us strategically, we are making sure because we are on the US Gulf Coast and you don't think of US refining as being in a sense of an export center. But we... this business is global, and we will have excellent capability to put our market... our products on the market for the best snapbacks and that's part of our projects also.
Chi Chow: Okay I got one more, quick one maybe this is for Mike. Any further thoughts on repatriating proceeds in the event of Aruba's divestiture?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes we are in the process of I guess implementing a plan to return that money in the event that the divestiture goes ahead and happen. So we're in the process of putting that mechanism in place.
Chi Chow: Okay. Any guidance on what sort of tax that you may take there?
William R. Klesse: I would say that we'll probably be able to bring that amount of money back at o about 25% tax rate. So we would say it's roughly 10%.
Chi Chow: Okay, great. Thanks for your comments.
William R. Klesse: Yup.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisal Khan with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Faisal Khan: Good afternoon. There is a follow-up question on Aruba, while you continue to wait for the possible sales of that plant can you comment on the level of profitability in Aruba right now?
Richard J. Marcogliese: Well, I don't think we get specific refinery details on profitability but since we repaired the vacuum tower in late May of last year the plant went very profitably in the month of June. That has narrowed some of the narrowing of the light heavy differentials but we are profitably operating the plant currently.
Faisal Khan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Kohler with Caris. Your line is open.
Ann Kohler: Yes good morning gentlemen. My question is kind of tied in a number of the previous caller's questions. And that's kind of pertaining to one, the additional product that Chi alluded to with some of expansions occurring and then certainly Bill, from the press release, you certainly indicated that the passage of CO2 legislation would likely negatively impact the industry, from both the gasoline and I would assume from the diesel demand as well. When you put all that together, how do you look at your business and how do you look at capital spending, and I just feel the overall refining environment and fundamentals as we move in to the next decade, if that legislation comes to pass?.
William R. Klesse: Well, Ann on the CO2 legislation, I guess, I don't think we know what it looks like, if it's a cap and trade program, it's just basically a tax. And long term, the reason I flag these climate change issues when I speak is because long term, it's just going to export refining jobs and these are good jobs for people that want to work in our plants. But it just raises our costs depending on what the legislation looks like. We have a lot of opportunity in refineries to reduce CO2 emissions. There's no question that we have all the ethers, boilers, furnaces that as we go through we can improve upon. We'll look at extend our operations office, some of our cap. So we have opportunities to reduce CO2 and that's why we've mentioned earlier in the year that if we use some incentives for all industry, and that could be refineries if CO2 drop significantly as opposed to just tax and stuff. Now, as far as the business, the business is growing in the world. Chi's question was, give me the forecast, I think it has to do with pricing. Our products just unlike anybody, any other products and people's monthly budget, if our prices get down a lower percentage of disposable income, people are working, you got to get to work, we get choose to work the most sufficient way so that you can leave on when you want to leave. I am optimistic about our business but I also, as you've heard from the management here, we are preparing ourselves at our key refineries to make sure that we can also try in the export business because the refinery has sunk and yet at the same time it is very, very efficient. So that's how we're doing this. We see total oil consumptions are still increasing but I have already answered and said we are not... we wouldn't be roaring bolts here on gasoline demand. We are optimistic about the business but you have to be lean, mean tough competitive as the business that I've really known my whole career except for the last four, five years.
Ann Kohler: So basically I mean I guess that it is sort of summarizing, I mean you are basically looking than at Hungarian down an environment, if CO2 legislation comes to pass and that would have certainly a negative demand impact on gasoline demand and an environment where you are basically prepared to position yourself with expert refineries that are capable of moving product to the best available margin environment in the world?
William R. Klesse: That is right, the only thing I will tell you is we don't know what the CO2 legislation looks like and the other thing is it takes a long time to pass and if people are out of work and the housing business is still in the dumps and people start talking about this. They better make sure they understand what it is going to do to the economy.
Ann Kohler: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Milky [ph] from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open sir.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning. I'm trying to be brief, I don't want you to have to belabor this point. In your statement you talked about the impact on industry utilization for the second half of the year and into 2009 and most of the focus on the call has been on demand. I'm trying to get a sense from you, what do you think can happen to supply or what needs to having to supply in the US over the next 18 months, if nothing happens to demand, if demand doesn't recover? Do you expect competitors to be forced to take capacity off-line or on the semi-permanent or as on a seasonal basis. And is there scope for the industry to improve distillate yields along the lines of what you have done and continue to do it?
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know what others will do and that's up to them. I will tell you that no one pays us to lose money. And there is no law that says we have to lose money. And so refiners, some of the other guys, integrators are reporting big earnings. Refiners, obviously with our earnings today are depressed. We manage our business here to make money; we are a business that purposes to make money for our shareholders. And so as the cracks are out there, we'll make our own determinations as to maximize our profit. But the key point would be, we... there is a law or regulation that says we have to make our product at a loss.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
William R. Klesse: Right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company. Your line is open sir.
Mark Gilman: Guys good morning. Hey I had a couple of things, Bill what would determine whether or not you take an equity position in the Keystone pipeline?
William R. Klesse: Probably if we get a look at it long term but one is the rate of return at the end of the day what we really think equity return's going to be and then secondly if we have structure here that takes advantage of the tax benefits for owning that type of asset, and Mark I would like to leave it there. If you want to talk about this, if you call to guys they'll talk some more about it.
Mark Gilman: Okay. Bill what were the Maya volumes that you ran in the second quarter and what specific crudes have you identified for the system as being satisfactory alternates.
William R. Klesse: Joe Gorder will answer you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, we were in around 450,000, 460,000 barrels a day in Maya. As far as alternate crudes, Mark you know there's a lot of heavy sour crudes are available in the Gulf. We've got a lot of Venezuelan crudes that we've run and added to the system, we've got some Colombian crudes and then Brazilian. So, we really haven't had any problem at all as far as securing heavy sour crudes and frankly as prices that are superior to the discounts we are getting on Maya today. We also increased the volume of Canadian crudes that we ran during the quarter. So we run some 25,000 barrels a day of Canadian heavy, sour crude now.
William R. Klesse: As oil refiners we run our LP on all these plants and so we obviously by a lot of the M-100s besides Moray out of Venezuela. We've got some Napa, but we run our LPs, and we work the whole thing, combined with a couple of our contracts.
Mark Gilman: Bill, on the West Coast, it seems to me that Alaskan and San Joaquin heavy have gotten to be comparatively expensive crudes. How much of that are you running out there, and have you done anything about trying to change that crude slate over?
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, we're running more foreign crudes out there Mark as we go. I'd tell you what, I need to look and see what the exact volumes of those crudes are though, then we'll get that back to you.
William R. Klesse: But we've been... I can give you some flavor there Mark. We have been reducing our A&F volumes and we'll continue to do that, because you're exactly right, A&F is, have the time it's selling at a premium to WTI. So, we have that effort under way. Are they long term? Our long term strategy if you look at it today it's Middle East crude or maybe some of the Venezuelan, Arabian, Brazilian crudes are going to wind up on the West Coast. And that's what we've been doing to get our crude cost down at both Venetia and Wilmington. We no longer run Maya crude on the West Coast at Wilmington as that crude's been... it's not on the West Coast anymore, it's all in the Gulf Coast. So your point is correct. We... those are high priced crudes and we are strategically continuing to go to alternates. We have a contract on A&F and there's another date that comes up later in the year here; adds to the volume. But based on my comments you can figure out what we are going to do. We are also building two crude tanks at our Venetia refinery that will be operational --
Joseph W. Gorder: December, January.
William R. Klesse: At the end of this year or 1st of January. These are large tanks, 650,000 each which will give us 1.3 million barrels of additional crude storage at the Venetian refinery so that we can execute the strategy I just was articulating.
Unidentified Analyst: Does that still apply to San Joaquin, also?
William R. Klesse: Yes, we're not as familiar, we don't run that much there. Is it 25?
Joseph W. Gorder: 25,000 to 40,000 barrels a day.
William R. Klesse: 25,000 to 40,000 at that plant. But the A&S has been a high price crude.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, I mean that's still an attractive crude relative to A&S. So we typically maximize as SJV.
Mark Gilman: Okay, how do you... how is your Arabian crude priced? You price it FOB, is it price delivered? When... where there any timing effects in this quarter that might have impacted the North East margins in particular? Or was the North East margin effect that we saw almost exclusively the impact of the coke return at Del city?
William R. Klesse: I would say... we're going to say, yes, there is no impact, and the coke return at the Delaware City was an extremely long turnover. We had... you had the proper, you can criticize us for execution here. The turnaround itself lasted about 35, 40 days. But then, we had a waste deep boiler problem and it took us basically 60 days to get that coker up and that negatively impacted us tremendously. Now in defense of our people who work diligently to get it up, this is a fluid coker and when these... when you do this, it's complicated. So, we couldn't run without getting the waste deep water up and so it took us... we had one leak after another on the tubes, but it did take us 2 months to get the coker turned around and back up.
Mark Gilman: So on the pricing in Arabian, is it FOB or delivered?
Joseph W. Gorder: Delivered, we bought delivered.
Mark Gilman: And do you hedge it at all?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Only above our LIFO.
Mark Gilman: And there was no adverse impact on results associated with the procedure in that regard?
Michael S. Ciskowski: No that I would know. And the only... I'm going to correct one thing. Don't we buy when it comes in to San Astasia?
Mark Gilman: When it comes in to San --
Michael S. Ciskowski: When it comes in to San Astasia, and then we do ship it up to the East cost where we use Arabian crude on the East coast.
Unidentified Company Representative: Only a few day [ph].
Michael S. Ciskowski: But it's only a couple of days and we have not changed our policies on how we manage our price risk.
Richard J. Marcogliese: Mark if you're also looking for another element in looking at the North East profitability, the other factor associated with Delaware city is when the coker's down you don't own the coke gasifier and the coke gasifier has a major impact on energy pricing at the refinery. So in a sense the Delaware city profitability has a double whammy, it's not only the coker that you lose but you cannot run the coke gasifier when the coker's in turnaround.
Mark Gilman: Okay Rich thanks. I just have one more. It seems to me that to achieve the increase in the distillate yield what I did principally was lower Brazilian and heavy sour in favor of Arabian light medium. Is that accurate? Maybe some cut point changes as well, I don't know?
Richard J. Marcogliese: Well, yes let me, Mark, I could talk about our general approach about how are we increasing distillate yield across all of our plants and we actually look at it this way. Some of this relates to cut point maximization. Put as much front end naptha into the distillate pool as you can and pull as much heavy material off the cat crackers as you can and you generally do that to a cetane limit in 2-way sulfurization limit. So we've done that. Additionally your cat crackers are usually fine tuned to make gasoline. We have detuned them largely through catalyst formulation changes to have them favor just to what yields over cat naptha yields; we have done that. Thirdly a new higher treating capacity that we put in place to meet the original overall sulfur diesel regulations. We've already de-bottlenecked the new hardware much of which was installed last year. So we have done a number of things to increase distillate yields. We always tried to maximize our margins by running the heaviest most discounted slates. So we have not appreciably lightened up in order to maximize distillates. This is distillation cat cracking operations and distillate hydrotreater debottlenecks. We are going to further look at whether certain of our hydro cracker operations such as Corpus and Venetia, whether we can change the conversion levels of those to continue to increase distillate yields.
William R. Klesse: And the hydro... the two main hydrocrackers Rich mentioned where we... hydrotreaters, which we call mild hydrocrackers, at Houston and St. Charles have had a major profit impact on us that's favorable.
Mark Gilman: Okay guys, thanks an awful lot.
Operator: We have no more questions in queue.
Ashley Smith: Thank you Christine, and to everyone who listened to our call, thank you for listening. Please contact our Investor Relations department if you have any other questions, Thank you.
Operator: This concludes your Valero Energy Corporation conference call for today. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Director of IR Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Bill Klesse - CEO and Chairman Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO Joe Gorder - EVP Marketing and Supply
Analysts: Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Anne Kohler - Caris Mark Gilman - Benchmark
Operator: Good morning my name is Rebecca and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Smith, you may begin your conference.
Ashley Smith - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Rebecca. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact Investor Relations after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that states the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As noted in the release, our first quarter 2008 earnings came in at $0.48 per share. The earnings include a benefit of $0.12 per share arising from the business interruption insurance recovery related to the fire at the McKee refinery in the first quarter of 2007. $101 million pre-tax benefit from the insurance recovery is reflected in the Mid-Continent throughput margins for the first quarter of 2008. This incident has been settled and there will be no further recovery. First quarter 2008 operating income was $472 million or $371 million excluding the previously mentioned insurance recovery. This compares to $1.7 billion reported in the same period of last year. The decrease in operating income was obviously due to the lower throughput margin per barrel of $8.48, which was down $3.67 per barrel versus the first quarter of 2007. The key driver of the decline was lower margins for gasoline and our other products such as asphalt, fuel oils, petroleum coke and petrochemical feedstock. These margins compressed in the first quarter as the prices for those products did not increase proportionately with the increase in crude costs. When comparing the first quarter of 2008 to 2007, the average margins for many of these secondary products declined between $10 and $40 per barrel, which had a negative price impact on throughput margins of around $700 million on a pre-tax basis. However, our throughput margins have benefited from strong margins on diesel and jet fuel and from wide differentials for the heavy and sour feedstock that we are able to run. First quarter 2008 operating income was also affected by $180 million increase in refinery operating expenses from the first quarter of 2007. This was mainly due to higher energy costs from the increase in the cost of natural gas and higher maintenance expenses including those related to the repairs to the coke drums at our Port Author refinery and the vacuum tower at our Aruba refinery. First quarter operating income was also affected by lower throughput volumes that averaged around 2.6 million barrels per day or 138,000 barrels per day lower than the first quarter of 2007 and nearly 200,000 barrels per day below the prior quarter. The reduction was mostly because of the previously mentioned maintenance activity. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $135 million. The $29 million decrease from the fourth quarter was mainly due to a decrease in incentive-based compensation expense. For the first quarter, total depreciation and amortization expense was $367 million. Net interest expense was $97 million and our effective tax rate on continuing operations was 34% in line with guidance from the prior quarter. Regarding cash flows for the quarter, capital spending was approximately $640 million, which includes $103 million of turnaround expenditures. In the first quarter, we continued our stock buyback program by spending $518 million to purchase 8.8 million shares of our common stock and we currently have approximately 3.8 billion of repurchased authorization in addition to our ongoing anti-dilution program. With respect to our balance sheet, at the end of March, our total debt was $6.5 billion. During the quarter, we used approximately $375 million to pay down debt. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion and a debt-to-capitalization ratio net of cash of 21.7%. As to second quarter operations, the following guidance assumes that no divestitures close in the second quarter. So for modeling purposes, you should expect Gulf Coast refinery throughput of approximately 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day. Gulf Coast throughputs will be affected by maintenance, especially at our Port Arthur refinery where we are completing the work on coke drums and at the Aruba refinery as we are completing repairs to the vacuum tower. We expect both of these repair projects to be completed in mid-May. Mid-Continent throughput should be about 430,000 barrels per day. West Coast throughput should average between 275,000 and 285,000 barrels per day and the Northeast system should average in the range of 530,000 to 540,000 barrels per day. On operating expenses, due to the higher expected energy costs and completing the repairs at Port Arthur and Aruba refinery cash operating expenses, are expected to be about $4.70 per barrel. With respect to some of the other items for the second quarter, we anticipate G&A expense to be around $150 million, net interest expense should be around $80 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $370 million and for the second quarter, you should be using a 34% tax rate for modeling purposes. And finally, we are updating our guidance for our 2008 capital spending including turnarounds, which we now estimate should be around $4.2 billion versus our prior guidance of $4.5 billion. The decrease is mainly due to updates on the timing of some of our major projects. Now I will turn it over to Bill.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you, Mike. Good morning. As Mike said, we entered the first quarter in great financial position, even after taking into consideration the challenging margins for gasoline and other products, plus the operating issues we experienced. Looking at gasoline, fundamentals have been improving as inventories have declined over the last six weeks and gasoline demand has been good. Accordingly, the average April Gulf Coast gasoline products has more than double versus March going [ph] from around $3 to $6.50 per barrel. We still expect a good summer driving season. We also continue to see strong on-road diesel cracks which have averaged close to $30 per barrel in April because of strong global demand. We believe that diesel cracks will stay excellent for the foreseeable future, given the difficulty in meeting tighter sulfur specs worldwide and strong demand worldwide. On the feedstock side, we continue to realize wide differentials from medium and heavy sour crude oil and other feedstock. And we expect these discounts to remain wide for the rest of year. Recently, Maya crude oil has priced around $23 below WTI and Mars crude oil has priced nearly $10 below WTI. These differentials have increased in part due to strong demand for light sweet crude oil, because of their higher plain product yields especially diesel. As mentioned previously that we are working closely with the potential buyer for our Aruba refinery. And we expect to complete the process in the second quarter after the repairs vacuum tower are complete. For our Memphis and Clark Springs refineries, we are currently negotiating with selective bidders. We have been very pleased by the higher level of interest these assets have generated. We have also initiated the progress to review strategic alternatives for our Ardmore refinery and we expect to conclude that process this year as well. In closing, I'd be the first to admit that the gasoline season hasn't been impressive. The current refined product prices are difficult for our consumers. But diesel [ph] margins are excellent. As to our performance, the issues have been isolated to basically 3 of our 17 refineries. Our financial results have also been negatively impacted by very poor margins for other products, which are about 20% of our refined product yields. With time, I think there will be an adjustment to the pricing of these other products. Concerning reliability, the Port Arthur coke drum repair we have undertaken should work. But ultimately the drums will be replaced in the first or fourth quarter of 2009 or at best, or in a best case the first quarter of 2010. The new drums should be at our side by year end. We realized it is hard to stay but we are improving our plans and the resultant reliability. With proceeds from the potential asset sales and from our operations, we will continue to take a balanced approach to allocating cash among gross investments at and around our coal refineries, stock buyback, dividend increases and high coupon gas repayments. Valero continues to be the best value in our industry because our balance sheet is strong, because we have the most geographic diversification, the most processing complexity and a highest growth margin potential and lots of self help opportunities. We'll now open the call up for questions.
Ashley Smith - Director of Investor Relations: Rebecca we are ready for Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse. Sir you have the floor.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Thanks. If you... I would like to talk about CapEx and if you run like a generic 321 NYMEX crack for the rest of the year, that's sort of around 11-ish right now and just assume nothing changes, do you think the... this year's $4.2 billion and next year's $5 billion worth of CapEx is appropriate or would you look to make some adjustments to that?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We think it's appropriate because obviously we have some asset sales underway.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Right. So basically in the absence of asset sales you wouldn't necessarily feel so confident about that number. Is that right?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well we also have a very strong balance sheet since we haven't run that case, but these projects that we are undertaking are very good for the long term and we have a lot of shareholder value.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Okay great. That's it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers. Sir you have the floor.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning. Asset sale you're saying that the proceed is going to be allocated accordingly. Should we assume that the bulk of the asset sales is going for the share buyback and what if there is a shortfall in funding for your CapEx that you will use the debt to fill the gap or that not really a reasonable assumption?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think what you are asking Paul is we will have cash flow from operations. We have the asset sales that we are working and making good progress on and will generate excess cash. I have told everyone that we intend to take out another $250 million, almost $300 million of high coupon debt this year. So we will do that. We already bought 8.8 million shares of stock. We've also disclosed that we have a plan to buy more of our shares, but you'll see us maintain a balanced approach. We'll also hold some additional liquidity because of the current market situation we see. So I think you just should soon that you are going to get what you've been getting from us.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: I see okay. Mike a point of sales of Aruba and let's assume that they close sometimes this quarter. What will be the effective tax rate going forward may look like. You said about backup into the 38% to 40%?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I think the last numbers I saw would be about 36% if we sell Aruba.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay and I have to apologize that earlier that you were talking about the throughput in Mid-Continent what's the number again?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, our Mid-Continent is going to be about 430,000 barrels a day.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And that two final questions short one; on the Mid-Con I don't know whether you guys on co-purchase are you using the P+1 method and if you do, is there any significant loss in the quarter and also that you are in this quarter you are seeing any meaningful inventory gain or loss trading or hedging gain or loss?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I guess what you are asking are we using a posted price purchasing in the Mid-Continent?
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: That's correct, yes sir.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: No we still do our purchasing and hedging in the Mid-Continent and I'll just anticipate the question that we get for Mark, it cost us about $15 million in the quarter.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: 15.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Becauseof the hedge but we don't do P plus purchasing, we do on. We just buy a lot of crude on market and go and exchange.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Correct. And Bill you are saying 15 or 50? I am sorry.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: 15
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: 15, okay.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Right and then, on the hedging there is nothing meaningful.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And there is nothing meaningful on the inventory I'd presume?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nothing on inventory.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Roger Read with Natixis Bleichroeder. You have the floor sir.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Good morning. Natexis Bleichroeder but I understand the difficulties. Regards to the 20% of the refine product yield that you said lower value product, with a much lower yield. Is there anything you are viewing internally to adjust to that or anything you can't do internally, should we consider that the sale or potential sales of refineries that you've highlighted will help that process or is it simply a factor of how the market needs to work its way out here?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Think of it's a general statement. The market has to work its way out. The products we are talking about are asphalt, petroleum, coke, lubricant, propylene, propane, fuel oil, resins. And if you think about petroleum coke, if we sell Aruba as planned obviously we are going to make less petroleum coke. But as a general statement these products either have not kept up with the rise in crude oil price or in the case of propane, propylene those types are compete against in a way natural gas and of course. So you wind up a little different competitive things here.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Okay, so that means nothing... basically it is what it is and we are going to have to just roll through all that nothing bottom of the yield is bottom of the yield, I guess
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think I mean obviously we try to minimize problems right.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Sure.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: So, Roger I tell you eventually its going to work its way through the system and also depends on crude oil price we have been extremely rapid rise in crude oil prices here since the beginning of the year.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Sure. One final question just on the demand side, if I look at your retail fuel volume sales year-over-year relative to the number of stationed opened, fairly flat yet we look at the fiscal numbers from the government or some of the other services that indicate down, could you kind of walk us through may be what's different between your retail, what you are seeing in your retail and what we are seeing in sort of the national numbers?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well year-to-date and our retail same store this should be company operated retail, down about eight-tens of 1% so 1% but its part of it is where we are located. Obviously when a lot of our stores are in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado and the company outside of this and I would assume, the economy is still a little better in those markets. So we haven't seen some of the numbers that you have heard, however nationally some of the statistics only show the gasoline is down. Just around 1% but remains to be seen.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Right, what I was trying to make a little bit of an adjustment for the number of stations, not just the flat number of it
Unidentified Company Representative: I gave you the same store per station I gave you as a volume per same store it's down eight tenths of percent and the store counts only three different 953 versus 950 this year.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: I'm sorry, I did not have 963 as a number there, and I'm looking at the statement not the model as it was last year?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well it is 950 this year
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Yeah 950 down from 963 in the press release
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay 963 then.
Roger Read - Natexis Bleichroeder: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chi Chow with Tristone Capital. You have the floor sir.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Good morning, given the wide disparity between the gasoline and diesel crash right now, how are you optimizing your production of each products as well as crude runs?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes Chi, I'll answer that. We have been tracking this situation for a number of months. We constantly update planning models and basically on a fractionation basis, we are trying to recover as much distillate blowing range of production as we possibly can. Our Cantrell [ph] program, will be put in hydro treating capacity over the last couple of years of... positions us pretty well to do that and process the additional recovery. In addition we are now looking for feedstock we can purchase of higher sulfur just a little materials what we can run through some of our. Beyond that we have got a number of longer range depths on the outlook top this high diesel crack environment will continue which involves things like changing catalyst formulations there on a making physical hardware improvements somewhat so
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Are those chances longer term and is that something we are going to see potentially this year?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well is sort of a combination of the distillation changes you can do right away. You can change head cracking severity which we have done right away, is a risk or other immediate term or longer term you can change catalyst formulation and cat cracker you can see that in the next six months if you have to make physical revisions to units that's probably more of a two year out tons a year. You know what I will say you know in terms of volume metrics in this general area, there is probably from where we were last year some 200,000 barrels a day of recoverable distiller which we could move out of the gasoline pool and we are trying to capture every bit of that.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Thanks Rich. Are you still cutting back on FCC runs at this point.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes we still are cut back in a couple of locations and we really take a look at the marginal value of gasoline versus the marginal cost of acquiring low sulfur cavity. As a result of running lower throughput or cat cracker for the St. Charles refinery. We also took the controllable shutdown of our small cat cracker in the east plant with Corpus Christi which is a 20,000 barrel a day cat cracker.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Thanks, can you give us some general comments on kind of the state of the diesel market now. Obviously the crack are extremely high but how much of this is supported by the export market versus what's going on with demand here domestically?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Well I think the export market is keeping diesel prices very high not only in the Europe, Latin America or strike at and other important require more diesel deals reported in the UK. So I think that's the big driver for barrels in the US and even the especially low sulfur barrels are very high for now.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Chi we've said it before we've been pretty active in that export market also and it is still very strong.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: How are you seeing demand here domestically, it seems like things are slowing down, you see some data points on EPS and on the railcars being parked up in Montana. Are you seeing weakness here domestically though?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, we are seeing weakness in the U.S. markets but I think it is more than offset by the export market though.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay, thanks to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anne Kohler with Caris. You have the floor ma'am.
Anne Kohler - Caris: Morning. I just wanted to point of clarification when are you are in New York last month, you... if I recall correctly, you indicated that you wanted to receive certain valuation for the assets that you had up for sales specifically at this point Memphis and Clark Springs and that you are unable to achieve that price you would reconsider on selling those assets, is that correct?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: That's correct.
Anne Kohler - Caris: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operators instructions]. Your next question comes from Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Sir you have the floor.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Good morning guys, Bill I just want to express my sincere appreciation for asking and answering my primary questions but I do have others.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Thank you.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Give us an update where your mindset is on Paulsboro noting that Ardmore has now been added to the list regarding strategic alternatives?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: We are still taking a good look at that and no decision has been made.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, could I ask you why is that it just seems in discussions like this that Three Rivers is consider a keeper?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Because we make benzene at Three Rivers where it does gives exposure to the petrochemical business and it also tied indirectly with our Corpus Christi complex. We have a piece of pipe we optimize between the two. We support our marketing in the San Antonio out of that facility. So if you look at the pipeline networking those owned by new star, it flows from Corpus through there as well as Rio Grande Valley to Laredo and into San Antonio. So we look at as an integrated business the same is true for Houston. We look at Houston the same way tied to such facility and we just made a completed last year the very large mild hydro cracker in Houston where we shipped products from Texas City up to the Houston market hydro treating. So we try to operate those two examples as a combined facility even though they are separated by some models.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, Bill, if I could one more, give us... given pricing relationships have changed a fair amount over the course of the first quarter what if any capital you are achieving regarding the ethanol gasoline spread?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President Marketing and Supply: Well, yeah I mean will, except we can't markedly out this... we've blended this market we can and that is except we can blend conventional we are doing that also with our system on the way we market, selling into this spot market its bit tough to capture that.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Again am sure exactly what you are asking, against its economic blend any price that we are or have accessed the facility to blend we are blending. So if that's what you are asking we are doing now there is a lot of our places either in San Antonio we can't use this because we are in 7.8 pound here but in a lot of markets current if the infrastructure there but clearly economic there are favorite volumes.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President Marketing and Supply: We are converting internal expenses now to do that all
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay guys thanks very much, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rohit Aggarwal with Miller Tabak [ph]. You have the floor sir.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Quick question just to follow up on the previous one. If the ethanol captures in your favor and you are getting value out of it, have you ever given thought to actually bringing one of those ethanol producers in house or are you comfortable having that logistic chain out of your operation system?
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: Well it's clearly a make versus buy and when you look at the supply chain or value chain right now all the economic rents being taken by the former and or the blender in the blender and we are capturing it where we can as we I said in the last question and I think you have to decide when do you think the rents is going to be taken by the ethanol producer and right now we don't see that at least for the foreseeable future.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, just one follow-up if you may permit me. When you said make versus buy I am assuming there is some discount to be applied to making because it does take some timeframe to make an asset I guess?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think it is the right out production costs and ethanol plants probably don't even cover the price point in our so we don't see any profit fee generator there and particularly we return on investments.
Bill Klesse - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman: I think... if you look at where all the money has been made is been made on the front end and that's why so many of the ethanol plants are struggling economically or financially. But is the make versus buy for us ... at least when we look at from the plant, to the hubs.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Q&A session. You may begin with your closing remarks.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay, thank you Rebecca. Just want to thank everyone for listening to today's call if you have any additional questions please feel free to call Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Director of IR Mike Ciskowski - EVP and CFO Bill Klesse - Chairman and CEO Joe Gorder - EVP, Marketing and Supply Rich Marcogliese - EVP and COO Gene Edwards - EVP, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Citigroup Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International Daniel Vetter - J.P. Morgan Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Ann Kohler - Caris & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Valero Energy Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter 2007 Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn today's conference over to Ashley Smith. Please go ahead.
Ashley Smith - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Christie. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO, Mike Ciskowski our CFO and other members of our executive management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy you can find one on our website at valero.com. There are also tables attached to the earnings release which provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact Investor Relations after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that states the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ashley and thank you all for joining us today. As noted in the release, our fourth quarter earnings came in at $1.02 per share. For the full year 2007 earnings were $7.72 per share from continuing operations and $1.16 from discontinued operations. As discussed on the last call, the gain on the sale and the operations of the Lima, Ohio refineries are classified as discontinued operations in the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. Fourth quarter 2007 operating income was $884 million compared to $1.4 billion reported in the same period of 2006. The $540 million reduction in operating income was due in large part to the lower throughput margin per barrel of $9.20 which was down a $1.46 per barrel versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Margins for gasoline and many of the company's secondary products, such as asphalt, fuel oils and petrochemical feedstocks, were lower this quarter as the prices for those products did not increase in proportion to the cost of the feedstocks used to produce them. Fourth quarter 2007 operating income was also affected by a $123 million increase in refinery operating expenses from the fourth quarter of 06 which was driven by higher maintenance expense and energy costs. Going through some of the key numbers for the fourth quarter, refinery throughput volumes averaged to 2.8 million barrels per day or 38,000 barrels per day lower than the third quarter. This reduction was mostly because of maintenance activities in the fourth quarter. Refinery operating expenses, excluding non-cash costs, were $4.11 per barrel. The $0.50 per barrel increase over the third quarter was primarily due to increased maintenance expense and energy costs and lower throughput volumes which were partially offset by a decrease in the sales tax accrual expense arising from charges in the third quarter. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporate depreciation, were $164 million. The $12 million increase from the third quarter was primarily due to an increase in equity-based compensation expense and an increase in charitable contributions which were partially offset by a decrease in environmental reserves arising from the charge that was taken in the third quarter. Total depreciation and amortization expense was $358 million and interest expense net of capitalized interest was $95 million. The $28 million decrease in net interest expense versus the third quarter was primarily due to additional interest expense incurred in the prior quarter arising from the previously mentioned sales tax accruals. Our effective tax rate on continuing operations was 29% in the fourth quarter which was below guidance from the prior quarter due in large part to a favorable reduction in the Canadian tax rate which was implemented in mid-December. Regarding cash flows for the fourth quarter, capital spending was approximately $890 million which includes $180 million of turnaround expenditures. For the full year 2007 capital spending came in at $2.8 billion, including approximately $520 million for turnarounds. For 2008 our capital expenditure forecast has come down a little, and we now expect our total capital spending to be around $4.5 billion. In the fourth quarter, we continued our stock buyback program by spending $1 billion to purchase 15.4 million shares of our common stock. For the full year 2007 we returned more than $6 billion to our shareholders through $270 million in dividends plus $5.8 billion to purchase over 84 million shares which represents 14% of our outstanding shares at the end of 2006. So far during the first quarter of 2008, we have purchased 2.2 million shares. But we've had to be out of the market the past two weeks due to our quiet period prior to releasing fourth quarter earnings. With respect to our debt position at the end of December, our total debt was $6.9 billion, and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $2.5 billion. At the end of the year, our debt-to-cap ratio net of cash was 19.2% which is an increase of 2.5% from the end of the third quarter bringing us closer to our target ratio of 25%. As to first quarter operations, for modeling purposes, you should expect to see Gulf Coast refinery throughput of approximately 1.45 million to 1.5 million barrels per day. Gulf Coast throughputs will be affected by plant maintenance especially at our Port Arthur refinery where work on the coker drums will reduce throughputs for around three months beginning in early February and in also at Aruba due to the last week's fire near the vacuum tower that will reduce throughput for approximately three months. Mid-Continent throughput should be around 410,000 barrels per day. West Coast throughput should average between 240,000 and 250,000 barrels per day. The Northeast system should average in the range of 550,000 to 560,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be about $4.40 per barrel, an increase of about $0.30 per barrel from the fourth quarter due to higher maintenance expense and lower throughput. With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we anticipate G&A expense to be around $160 million. Net interest expense should be around $95 million, total depreciation and amortization expense around $360 million. And finally, for the first quarter you should be using a 34% tax rate for modeling purposes. The increase in the tax rate from the fourth quarter is due to the non-recurring deferred tax benefit in the Canadian tax rate change implemented in the fourth quarter of 2007. And now I'll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike. Good morning. As Mike said our financial results were excellent in 2007. We have strong earnings and many parts of our operations contributed to the success. For example, our retail group had their best results ever with nearly $250 million in annual operating income. Our retail restructuring activities last year contributed to this success. We also increased our dividend by 50%, sold the Lima refinery and purchased more than 84 million shares of our stock, basically honoring our commitment to you for a $6 billion buyback. If you combine our purchases in 2006 and 2007 we have purchased nearly 120 million shares or 20% of our common stock that was outstanding at the end of 2005. We continue to return cash to the shareholder. With regard to optimizing our refining portfolio, we continue to look at strategic alternatives for Aruba, Memphis and Krotz Springs. Going forward we will continue to review our assets, identifying ways to optimize our operations, and increase our shareholder returns as we invest in our core refineries. Unfortunately, we continue to experience operating issues at our refineries, the most recent being the fire at Aruba refinery. This fire resulted from a maintenance repair effort on a control vault which resulted in a leak of a very hot vacuum tower bottles, the material when it leaked, auto-ignited resulting in the fire. This fire has shut down the refinery, and we expect to resume partial operations in about two weeks with full operations expected in about three months. For 2008 current industry conditions are setting the stage for a rebound in gasoline margins. We are experiencing the usual build in winter-grade gasoline inventories ahead of the industry wide maintenance that typically begins in late January. These inventories will be worked down during the first quarter maintenance period as the industry transitions into making summer-grade gasoline. It is also important to remember that it is more difficult to produce the summer-grade gasoline because of the tighter specifications in ethanol use, placing a premium on key blending components, such as alkylate and raffinates. We also continue to see strong diesel margins which created an incentive to maximize diesel production at the expense of gasoline. With total gasoline and diesel inventories in the U.S. and Europe less than at this time last year and with the seasonal increase in demand, we expect more favorable gasoline margins this spring and summer as reflected by the forward curve. However, there is no debate today that the West Coast margins have been very low causing run cuts and further optimization. For Valero, we have completed and started up our Wilmington Alky expansion that will allow us to better blend summer gasoline. As we await spring and summer demand, we have reduced operating rates at our Benicia refinery to contain inventories. Also, as this has happened, California gasoline cracks have improved from the recent lows. We continue to see large discounts for a heavy sour crude oils that we process. For example, the mono heavy sour crude oil discount to WTI average for December was over $14 per barrel. The MARS medium sour crude oil discount to WTI averaged over $6 a barrel and these discounts are holding up well. We also feel that sour crude discounts should remain wide in 2008, due to the new Gulf of Mexico medium sour crude production coming online, and because of the value of residual oils not keeping pace with crude oil prices. East of the Rockies, light sweet crudes like Brandt, LLS have been selling at a premium to WTI due to the strong global demand for distillates. These high crude oil prices have been pressuring margins at our non-WTI sweet crude refineries. We also expect prices for products, like petroleum coke, petrochemical feedstocks, sulphur and others to increase as they catch up with a higher price of crude oil. In our business, it is always about supply and demand, and we expect good refined product demand this year. If we have a recession, lower demand will likely have some adverse effect on margins, but actions by the Federal Reserving and Congress are attempting a head off a slowdown. As we look at several consultants' margin forecasts for the year, the forward curves for gasoline and diesel remain in line with all of these expectations and economic forecasts for the U.S. and the world continue to show economic growth. Also, note that imports of gasoline to Mexico and imports of distillate to China continue to grow. So, we continue to have growing global petroleum demand with most forecast in the 1.2 million to 1.6 million barrel per day range. We expect an excellent spring, summer gasoline season and a continuation of higher distillate margins. With that, we will open the call to questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Couple of questions. I guess that the first one, one-off items in the quarter, could you just kind of quantify what the total impact was of LIFO effects? And I think there was an issue in the Mid-Continent as well as relating to insurance. Mike if you could take on them?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Yes we did have a small LIFO detriment due to some reduced inventories. So that was worth only about $20 million in our operating income. But we did have also an advance payment that we received in regard to the McKee insurance claim. That was worth about $44 million.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: They are both pre-tax numbers Mike?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Those are pre-tax numbers. So, when you add those two together you are talking about $0.09 per share.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. So, pretty small I guess.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Pretty small.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. The second thing is what you... you mentioned about the West Coast. You said yourself that you guys have been cutting runs. I think Desoto came and said the same thing. Do you see any evidence that maybe others that haven't made that kind of disclosure are also cutting runs to tighten up their markets?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We wouldn't know what the other people are doing.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. I guess that the final one then is you mentioned in your release about inventory management and what you expect to hop in, in terms of winter gasoline and so on. I think there has been some speculation that summer-grade gasoline is building pretty heavily. Can you just give your commentary on how you are dealing with that situation whether you are doing anything different this year than for example you did last year particularly related to blending components like alkylates and so on?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Joe Gorder is going to answer you.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, I mean, Doug we are not doing anything different. I mean, we are continually focused on inventory management throughout the year, particularly both at this point in time as we get ready for the transition. But we are not doing anything different.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. That's great. That's it from me. Thanks very much.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of Morgan Stanley.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Congratulations on your results guys.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Doug.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Mike mentioned a reduction in capital expenditures to $4.5 billion. And so for clarification, is that an all inclusive of number? That is, does it include turnarounds and catalysts? And second, why did that projection decline? That is, was it related to efficiencies in the capital program delays or what have you? So if you could just elaborate on that, that would be helpful?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I'll make some comments on it. Doug, this is Richard Marcogliese.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Hi Rick.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: One that is an all end number on our capital outlook. And then I would say we're just seeing a general situation that as we identify projects we put together implementation timelines. And at times we find that the actual implementation, including engineering deliverables and equipment procurement is a little slower than we anticipated. But there isn't anything consciously being done to slow the expenditures. It's just the actual play out of how the projects are being developed.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would also add Doug last year we told you many times our capital budget was $3.5 billion. And we spent $2.8 billion. So beyond the reasons that Rich just gave you, we are very careful on how we are spending our money. And we go through the economics of our discretionary capital.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Good point. And second Valero was one of the first companies to implement initiatives to enhance returns, and you can call it your key initiatives plan. The billion dollar income improvement plan that you have talked about. And so my question regards this plan and specifically progress that was made in 2007 and in the four areas that is gross margin capture energy efficiency, mechanical availability non-energy operating costs. And if you don't have the numbers nearby or where you thought you would be at this time, and have there been surprises? Then if so where?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I can make some general comments on that. And as a background comment we had always said that of that billion dollar program it was not ratable in terms of 20% every year for the next five years. That it was going to be more back end loaded because it does relate to certain major retrofits that we have got to do to certain of our refineries. But what I would say is we did not make significant progress in 2007.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I can point to the energy area we are through operational improvements and energy efficiency. We have got to gain of about $50 million on an annual basis, as part of the $1 billion effort. But we did not make the anticipated improvements in operational reliability. And so we can report some positive progress on energy but not in the other areas.
Douglas Terreson - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great, thanks a lot guys.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chi Chow of Tristone Capital.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Good morning and thanks.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Chi.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Hey Mike you mentioned the insurance payment in the mid-con. Was that a one-time event or are there more payments coming?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well that... we are still in the process of adjusting the client. That was just an advance payment. So the total claim was again disclosed is larger obviously larger than the $44 million advance payment.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: So we will see more coming down the road. Is there any timing on when that might close your --
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I do not know. I don't have a good feel for on the timing. Some time probably in the first half of the year.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay. And this is flowing through gross margin. Is that correct?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: And why is that, it seems like that's a out of period extraordinary type items?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Just the adjustment that we wrote through our cost of sales with BI adjustment.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: And then Bill you mentioned the situation on California. Can you give us your best explanation on what exactly has happened with buy demand fundamentals out there in the early part of January?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I can give you a couple of comments. But if you look at last year in the first half of the year, imports were very high into the West Coast and California's 65% - 70% on the West Coast. So imports were very high. As you got into the second half imports were really just about in line with previous years. Then they had very high price in California. And so we have actually seen a decline in gasoline demand in California. Now whether that's attributable totally to the high price or because of some of the housing issues where people don't drive the house... to build houses. We also understand that some of the light rail usage has increased where it's about. But we believe and also the Prius has made some impact in California. So when we added all we actually believed there was a decline in demand in California last year. Now you get to the first quarter... first couple of weeks of January and prices are still in the $3 range. People habits have changed some and of course refineries were operating pretty darn well. And remember in California there is a dramatic shift here in vapor pressure rigs as we go into February in Southern California and March in Northern California. So there is a lot of supply that is in the market in January.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Did you see any increase in supply getting back up in the California from Kinder Morgan expanding the east line? I don't know.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, we haven't seen that yet.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I would not... I would say to you, yes as movements increased in Arizona, at least in there would be... there is always some balance in here but we are dealing with very small numbers too. But over time more supply is coming from the East and Arizona.
Chi Chow - Tristone Capital: Okay great. Thanks for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Dietert of Simmons & Company.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Hey, it's Jeff Dietert. I want a follow up on Chi's question just on California. It appears that there is a big difference between winter grade... low vapor pressure margins in summer grade higher... excuse me I said that wrong. There is a big difference between winter-grade gasoline cracks and summer grade gasoline cracks. There is a lot of content going in the forward curve. It would seem to provide an incentive to produce summer-grade gasoline early and avoid winter-grade gasoline. Is that something you have already started or when do you plan to start?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well the answer would be sure there is an incentive which you have to be able to hold it. And if you are looking at the stocks today and had five gasoline inventories that are 35 million barrels which is as high as we have seen. It's 3.9 million barrels over the last year. And I guess this is last week's data. And so it's just the ability to hold the gasoline. But yes, we would... if we have a spot, we would hold low vapor pressure, higher octane blending components. You are exactly right Jeff.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Shifting to some of your major growth projects, could you give us an update on timing and cost estimates any changes to the Port Arthur, St. Charles and Quebec projects? I think St. Charles is the only one that's Board approved and what do you think for Board approval on Port Arthur and Quebec?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Jeff I will give you some specifics on it. You know as you've observed our St. Charles project was approved at $1.4 billion. We haven't identified any change in the cost outlook associated with that. That project by the way would be targeted for completion some time in 2010. We are in the final stages of development of our proposal on the Port Arthur project that will include a identical gas oil hydrocracker to the one that we have approved for St. Charles. It will also include a grassroots delayed coker which will be a clone of the project that we built in Texas city in 2003. That project is going to be in the vicinity of $2 billion. We are hopeful that we can develop that for Board review some time before the end of the first quarter, and that project would be set for 2011 implementation. For the Quebec refinery, we are looking at a combination of a dias [ph] faulting unit and gas oil hydrocracker for that refinery. It is much earlier in developmental phase that project to current cost assessment is below $2 billion. But I don't have a good number that I would feel comfortable when divulging at this point because we are still in the process of finalizing our cost estimates. That would be a project that if we continue to develop it at the pace that we are on it would be more of a 2012 type delivery in the field. Lastly, I want to mention that we are looking at a major project to make a significant move into aromatics production, benzene, toluene and xylene including going all the way into paraxylene production. This is a project that we are looking at for our St. Charles refinery. It would also be part of our strategy to comply with the so called MSAT regulations on benzene. This is the mobile source air toxics which would be an investment that we are targeting for 2011. So, those are comments I would make by way of an update.
Jeff Dietert - Simmons & Company International: Very good, thanks for your comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Vetter of J.P. Morgan.
Daniel Vetter - J.P. Morgan: Good morning.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Daniel Vetter - J.P. Morgan: Yes I was hoping if you could comment on the implementation of the renewal fuel standard. Do you anticipate meeting the targets set forth by that standard? And how is Valero and its progress in making sure that it blends the required amounts of ethanol that fall under your... that you are responsible for?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Daniel we are very comfortable with 2007. As we look forward to 2008, I mean bottom line is we like to blend ethanol into the fuel wherever it's economic to do that. And the real issue becomes where is it viable to do that. As you know there is significant logistical constraint not only on the moving of ethanol in the markets but in converting terminals to be able to blend the ethanol. And so we are very focused on our obligation, and we want to do it where we can and we are doing everything we can try to make that happen.
Daniel Vetter - J.P. Morgan: Right, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Hey good morning gentlemen.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Mike I think this is for you. We talked about say the two one-off items or three, on inventory gain in the Canadian tax and also the insurance. Is there any meaningful trading profit, whether it's from hedging or from just purely trading during the quarter?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No there is no meaningful number there.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: There is no meaningful number okay. On the, Bill what I think that's maybe several months or maybe two or three months ago you were talking about how you are breaking down the company asset into core and non-core refining asset. There are about 10 of them just in the core. How should we look at the non-core? Does that suggest that all the non-core may ultimately may not have a pace in the company or should we look at it somewhat differently? I mean how should we view that?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have on looking today for strategic alternatives for Aruba, Krotz Springs and Memphis and we are working those actively. Gene Edwards is doing that. And for the other plants such as Houston, Three Rivers, they are not necessarily core but they are integrated with our operations. For instance Houston is integrated with Texas city even though they are about 45-50 miles of arcs. We have pipelines connecting them. The same is true for Three Rivers. While I was getting at in those comments is as we go forward, any discretionary capital would be spent at the core plant in this case, Corpus Christi or Texas city. Delaware City is a key refinery for us, and we're trying very hard to improve it. The assets there have lots and lots of potential and the people are doing a good job. However, the Paulsboro refinery, we're trying to decide what the long term future is.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay and all those decisions will come after you finish with what you are going to do with Aruba and Memphis and Krotz Springs or that you could go concurrently?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No I think this is a process that we are going through as we continue to plan our business. As Rich mentioned it's entry into the aromatics business. And so the organization is only capable of doing so many things. And so we would tend to move forward with the three that I have mentioned while we are trying to figure out what our true options are on the other plants.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Bill is there any update about Aruba?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean as far as where we are?
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the fire we had?
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: No no, not the fire but in terms of the potential sales?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's looking a strategic alternatives. Gene?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: Yes I can tell the work in process, we'd have to work through the issue we had last week of the fire. But we are continuing to look for opportunities there. We don't [indiscernible].
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Gene, have you guys opened the data room and invite people in already or that is still in the process?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: We have not opened the data room yet.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: You haven't opened the data room yet, any date being set?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: No.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And final one maybe this is for Gene actually maybe not. For ethanol blending I think there is a question asked before. Bill currently that... what is the percent of your gasoline blended with ethanol already? And that are you meeting because I think with the new RFS into 9 billion gallon a year gets refined, I believe that you get a quota. I don't know is that... how that works. And if you test where are you in that? Are you 90% comprised or 70% or what's that number maybe?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: Paul listen we are... as I mentioned we are in good shape in 2007. We are blending 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day. You accommodate your obligation through probably a combination of the barrels that you are actually able to blend yourself and then the credits which you can buy in the open market. And as the market for these RIN credits is they're called it is now becoming more active. And so here again we have got a plan to try to accommodate our obligations in 2007... in 2008, and we are going to try to do it to the extent possible with blended barrels.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Can you share with us that what is your quota for 2008 on your obligation?
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: While we... would you mind if we calculate that. We'll let Ash and Eric get back with you on that.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Definitely, thank you. Thank you guys.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just a follow up regarding the strategic reviews of the various refineries. I realize you are considering a host of options but one of them would obviously be to sell the refineries. And just given the general concern that's out there about whether in recession or not and given some of the credit problems faced by many of the banks and other sources of financing, can you characterize how you think the level of interest is out there to get what would for you be adequate sales prices on any assets? Obviously the government and no one else is forcing you to see these assets but presumably you don't have to sell under what would be an inadequate price. But most of the most logical buyers do seem to be smaller companies that would require some measure of external financing that may not be as easy to come by as it would have been 6 months ago.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would characterize the level interest as being fairly high. There is a lot of interest from operating companies and financial players still as well.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: So you still see that as a very viable option?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great. You alluded to the stock buyback where you bought a couple of million shares in January. Your below your debt to cap target, is meaningful additional stock buyback dependent on receiving proceeds from any refineries sales? Or are you willing to kind of get up to or close to your debt to cap target absent actually selling refineries through stock buyback?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Arjunright now, we still have 1.1 billion of capacity on the Board approved authorization of 6 billion, and we intend to go ahead and use that up here in the near term. We also have our anti-dilution program, which will get us closer to the 25% target.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: And then you evaluate things at that point in terms of what you may want to do subsequently?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon of Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Hi Just a few questions, the first is really looking at what you think the planned downtime for the industry in your main operating areas. Looks like over the coming months it's all seemed to have been a bit delayed in terms of planned downtime versus last year. And are you seeing as still issues in the labor market in terms of constraining the timing of the downtime from construction personnel? Then I have got a follow-up as well.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Neil I will make a couple of comments about that. I mean we can only really speak to our own turnaround schedule and 2008 will be kind of a low work load period for us considering the next few years. We actually... significantly increased turnaround activity in 2009 and in 2010 where we have a couple of plant wide turnarounds in major cat cracker retrofits plant. So, 2008 is an off cycle year for us but I really can't comment on the rest of the industry.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I can. Using an industry consultants report the first quarter this would be planned. So, last year there was a lot of on plan too but if you look at plant it is higher in the first quarter of this year on crude and planned last year. It's lower in the second quarter than planned for last year and upgrading our conversion units versus plant for last year. The plant this year is actually higher both in the first and second quarter. And I have chosen an industry survey.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Now you also asked about cost and productivity and I would tell you that we continue to see issues in turnaround execution particularly when you have got retrofit work plant as part of the turnarounds are... most recent example of that was that on the West Coast where we implemented an alky expansion project as part of a plant turnaround. And we did see a work quality and productivity issues in that turnaround. So, I think that is still with us, as an industry.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: And are you still seeing the same cost inflation trends that you saw last year or are they starting to flatten often, in terms of unit price, pieces of work that you need to do, either in turnarounds or new construction activity?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say on the new construction side, we continue to be observing increases in our construction estimates for the projects that we are looking at. So, I would not say that the escalation trend in the industry hasn't paid it yet and I don't personally see any plateauing. From a turnaround execution point of view, I don't see a lot of labor rate direct pressure, it is more of the ability to do the work and get it completed.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hi guys, good morning. I had a couple of things. Rich that aromatics project you are talking about, is that a standard BTX type things plus paraxylene and us moving molecules from a gasoline pool into the petrochemical pool?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, that's a good question Mark. I mean as we are looking at our mix of projects going forward what you are seeing from us is first an emphasis on diesel production over gasoline production. These hydrocrackers that we are building will be designed such that they maximize yield of ultra-low-sulfur distillate. But then also kind of looking at the gasoline that could come along with these projects rather than just stop at the gasoline level we are trying to maximize our uplift into petrochemicals. So, in this case, we will have a... we anticipate a rather large investment in a high severity reformer and then a BTX extraction complex but then taking it all away through to paraxylene.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Can you give me a rough idea for the fourth quarter, how much SOTE and how much MARS crude you ran?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Well we ran about 250,000 barrels a day of SOTE crude and... let me go to MARS... we ran about 10 a day MARS.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Very thanks Joe. I've noticed that there is some pretty pronounced changes in the fourth quarter in both the feedstock lineup for the systems as a whole as well as the product yield. On the feedstock side the other feeds are up substantially as a percentage and on the product side the other products are up significantly. Can, one of you guys Rich, Joe, Bill talk about what that was all about whether it's something that's likely to remain in place going forward?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Rich I will start. I don't think it will remain in place going forward. And if you look it at the situation of fourth quarter, we had two operating issues, we had to work around. We ended up running VGOs in lot of cases, to fill conversion units. They were around crude. So that's why your other feedstocks were up. The other yields, I mean a lot of that I think if you look at the same reason essentially that if you had some operating issues, you increased your outlook of the other products. Rich.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes Mark I can add a little more color on the subject. You asked about the SOTE runs. So we did have a large crude unit down in Paulsboro. It's the LUG still in the Paulsboro refineries, so the SOTE runs were off as a consequence of that turnaround and it was about a three week turnaround large crude unit in the LUG block. Also it was a general period of increased turnaround activity in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter that was very prominent on the West Coast both in Wilmington where we had cat and alky outage and the Benicia where we had the fluid coker down for a plant turnaround. Then we had a number of unplanned events which impacts some of the mix of input. We had a power outrage on Aruba in October. We have had continuing issues with coke drums in Port Arthur and then we also had a power disruption that affected our Texas City refinery in December. A lot of these impacts did reflect themselves in the amount of heavy crude that we run directly and you compensate that for that with more purchases of intermediates.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: So all of the things being equal this was a pretty anomalous set of numbers both on the yield and the feedstock side.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I would say so.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes I don't think you are seeing a fundamental shift here.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: One more if I could. What percentage of ULSD as a percentage of your total distilate pool?
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: 98 and we are almost completely there Mark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Do you expect a shrinkage in ULSD premiums versus to oil to remain or is this something that in your mind has a seasonal element to it?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I mean the differentials were wider in the beginning and we had always anticipated as we got further into the program and commission new facilities that we would see some shrinkage in those differentials. And we have most recently we commissioned the brand new distillate hydrotreater in Corpus Christi in December and most of our production is at the ULSD level.
Gene Edwards - Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategic Planning: I think you will see something now... when you hot sulphur and you roll out to [ph] favor in the summer time you probably will see a lot of this jump during the weather. I don't think that you are... that's all we are going to see $0.20 like we had last year level.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay guys, thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery of Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Hi good morning. I've got a question on CapEx and I know last year you indicated that we should be expecting multiple years of about $0.5 billion-nish of CapEx. From what you've mentioned today with some of these bigger projects I assume that's what we should still be expecting let's say beyond 2008.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Beyond 2008 I think you should anticipate will be between $5 billion and $6 billion for 09. 09 is a high turnaround year for us too. So we are only four weeks into 2008 but since guidance year, we'll be between $5 billion and $6 billion.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Okay. Great and just switching back to the fourth quarter results and parts of this question have already been asked. But the market is obviously surprised today by how much you beat benchmark margins by and some of this is to do with the runs that you are managing on the inputs. But can you talk us through a little bit let's say where the market may have been underestimating your ability to outperform the benchmark?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think our margin realization dipped [ph] asset towards the end of the quarter as the lower average crude prices in the last half of the December relative to the last half of November. So this did result in lower cost of sales improving our margin realization.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: So would you say you are more aggressively managing your crude inputs rate today than there would have been a year ago?
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Gorder,better not say yes to that.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Mark the answer is no, absolutely no.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We manage that aggressively everyday.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Right and do you I mean... do you think you got more opportunity in 08 than today you would have had in 07 to bring that down into margin or is the outlook roughly the same?
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: I will say the biggest opportunity we have is just to run the throughput we are capable of, I mean it's just running the barrels.
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Yes, I agree with Rich.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know if you noticed but we are going to take the coker... the coker at Port Arthur is a three module six drum coker. We are going to take each module offline for about 25 days and do a complete repair on the drums from the inside out. And that's going to cut our throughput at that refinery by 100,000 barrels a day. And so I didn't get the right number here. And so what Rich just told is we have had trouble at some of our place, and if we could run these plants our reliability of our profits would even be a lot better. Because where we get is most of the time is on the very heavy sour in.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Do you have any targets that you would like to share with us sort of liability improvements or...
Joe Gorder - Executive Vice President, Marketing and Supply: Well reliability improvement is really rolled up in to this $1 billion improvement efforts, so it's a big component of that gap closure.
Bill Klesse - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I can honestly tell we fix these as we had these issues like this example of Port Arthur. We are going to fix it correctly, and we screwed around with it long enough and our team has elected to do this where we will have it repaired and now carry us then to the turnaround in 09 when we actually replace the drums. But this is an engineering design on these coke drums. It just doesn't hold up to the cycles.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Great. Okay thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Kohler of Caris.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Company: Good morning gentlemen. I am not sure whether you covered this in your earlier remarks. But could you kind of give a little bit of detail? I know you spoke about the demand in California, but what you are seeing in the rest of your retail system, sort of a same store basis for gasoline volumes, quarter, fourth quarter to fourth quarter and what you are seeing so far in the first.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay in the U.S. resale, this is on a per store per day basis, our fuel sales were down about 5% in the fourth quarter of 07 versus fourth quarter of 06. On a total year basis, it was pretty flat comparing 07 versus '06. And then in January we were slightly down from the fourth quarter levels, but that's fairly typical to this time of year where the demand is little bit slower.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Company: And what you attribute to the 5% same store drop in fourth quarter to?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think a lot of it has to due to the increasing gasoline prices that happen here towards the end of the year and just the concerns about the economy and whether or not we are actually getting into recession or not.
Ann Kohler - Caris & Company: Okay great. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from comes from the line Mark Gilman of Benchmark & Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hey Mike, what region was the LIFO of benefit taken in?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It would have been across all of our regions, east of the Rockies.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: And it looks to me like there was a major working capital liquidation or drawdown in the fourth quarter. Is that accurate and do you expect it to be reversed in the first?
Mike Ciskowski - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're right. We did have a little inventory slowdown which resulted in about $450 million source of funds in the fourth quarter. Going forward, we will continue to monitor our inventory levels, and I don't anticipate it being reversed in a major way in the first quarter.
Rich Marcogliese - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: No Mark, we got into levels that we are comfortable operating in at the end of the year. And it's the combination of the high cost and leads to the working capital obligation and the market structure was backward and it didn't pay to carry. So we have managed this as aggressively as we could.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay guys. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Ashley Smith - Director of Investor Relations: Okay. We will conclude the call now. Thank you for listening to today's call and please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department, if you have any additional questions.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-06 10:56:00) =====
Executives: Ashley Smith - Investor Relations Michael S. Ciskowski - Chief Financial Officer, ExecutiveVice President Richard J. Marcogliese - Chief Operating Officer, ExecutiveVice President William R. Klesse - Chairman of the Board, Chief ExecutiveOfficer
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Morgan Stanley Jeff Dietert - Simmons Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Doug Leggate - Citigroup Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Chi Chow - Tristone Capital Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company Daniel Vetter - J.P. Morgan Ari Raivetz - Banc of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be yourconference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone tothe Valero Energy third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (OperatorInstructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Ashley Smith. Please goahead, sir.
Ashley Smith: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning and welcome to Valero EnergyCorporation’s third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. With me today areBill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese,our Chief Operating Officer; and other members of our executive managementteam. If you have not received the earnings release and would likea copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. There are also tablesattached to the earnings release which provide additional financial informationon our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing thesetables, please feel free to contact investor relations after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attentionto the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in the press release. Insummary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conferencecall that state the company’s or management’s expectations for predictions ofthe future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safeharbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors whichcould cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those wedescribed in our filings with the SEC. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Thanks, Ashley and thank you for joining us today. As notedin the release, our third quarter earnings came in at $1.34 per share fromcontinuing operations and $0.75 per share from discontinued operations.Excluding the effect on diluted earnings per share related to the company’s $94million settlement payment for the accelerated share repurchase program, whichwas $0.16 per share, and a $91 million pretax gain, or $0.10 per share aftertaxes resulting from the repayment of a loan by a foreign subsidiary, the thirdquarter 2007 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.40. You should note that the gain on the sale and the operationsof the recently divested Lima, Ohio refinery are classified as discontinued operationsin the financial tables that accompany the earnings release. Third quarter 2007 operating income was $1.2 billioncompared to $2.3 billion reported in the same period last year. The $1.1billion reduction in operating income was primarily due to lower throughputmargin per barrel of $9.94, which is down $3.23 per barrel versus the thirdquarter of 2006. The key driver of the lower margin was the higher price forlight sweet crude oils and smaller discounts for sour crude oils and other feedstocks. On average, our feed stocks were approximately $3 per barrel moreexpensive versus WTI and reduced operating income by more than $700 million ascompared to the third quarter of 2006. Additional factors that negatively affected operating incomeinclude substantially lower throughput margins in the West Coast region, whichreduced operating income by approximately $110 million; lower margins for manyof the company’s other products, such as asphalt, lube oils, and petrochemicalfeed stocks; the impact of Hurricane Humberto on the company’s Port Arthurrefinery; as well as operational issues at the company’s Port Arthur, Aruba,and Ardmore refineries. Going through some of the key numbers for the third quarter,refinery throughput volumes averaged over to 2.8 million barrels per day, or50,000 barrels per day higher than the second quarter. Refinery operating expenses, excluding non-cash costs, were$3.96 per barrel. The $0.09 per barrel increase over the second quarter wasprimarily due to an unfavorable adjustment arising from sales tax accruals thatwere charged during the quarter. This was partially offset by lower energycosts and higher throughput volumes. General and administrative expenses, excluding corporatedepreciation, were $152 million. The $25 million decrease from the secondquarter was mainly due to additional charges incurred in the prior quarter,four charitable contributions, and the cancellation of a services agreementwith New Star Energy. Total depreciation and amortization expense was $343million. Interest expense net of capitalized interest was $123 million. The $40million increase in net interest expense versus the second quarter wasprimarily due to an increase in average borrowings and an increase in intereston taxes arising from the previously mentioned sales tax accruals. Our effective tax rate on continuing operations was 28.7% inthe third quarter, which was below the prior quarter due to the use of statetax credits and a greater-than-expected proportion of earnings from our Arubarefinery, which pays no income taxes. Regarding cash flows for the third quarter, capital spendingwas $619 million, which includes $108 million of turnaround expenditures. For2007, we expect our total capital spending to be around $3 billion. In the third quarter, we continued our stock buy-backprogram by spending $475 million to purchase approximately 7 million shares ofour common stock. So far during the fourth quarter, we have purchased over 1million shares. Year-to-date, we have returned approximately $5 billion to ourstockholders through $205 million in dividends plus $4.8 billion to purchase 70million shares, which represents approximately 11% of our outstanding shares atthe end of 2006. To reach our $6 billion goal, we intend to purchase anadditional $1.2 billion of our shares by the end of the year. With respect to our debt position at the end of September,our total debt stood at $6.9 billion, which is unchanged from the end of June,and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of just over $3 billion. Now, as to the fourth quarter operations for your modelingpurposes, you should expect to see the Gulf Coast refinery throughput ofapproximately 1.6 million barrels per day. Mid-continent throughput should bebetween 435,000 and 445,000 barrels per day. Due to some planned maintenanceactivities, West Cost throughput should average between 240,000 and 250,000barrels per day. And then the Northeast system should average in the range of550,000 to 560,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses areexpected to be about $3.90 per barrel. With respect to some of the other items for the fourthquarter, we anticipate G&A expense to be around $145 million, net interestexpense should be around $95 million, total depreciation and amortizationexpense should be around $350 million, and finally for the fourth quarter, youshould be using a 34% tax rate for your modeling purposes. Now I’ll turn the call over to Rich.
Richard J.Marcogliese: Thank you, Mike. Before I discuss our growth project in St.Charles, I would like to review some operating highlights from the thirdquarter. In July, we commissioned a 16,000 barrel per day distillate hydrotreater at our Benicia refinery and in August, a 50,000barrel per day mild hydrocracker at our St. Charles refinery. These projectswere part of our overall plan for making ultra-low sulfur diesel. Also, we are pleased that our Houstonand Paulsboro refineries were each recertified as VPP star sites under OSHA’svoluntary protection program during the third quarter. In addition, our Ardmorerefinery was recommended for recertification on November 1st. Theserecertifications were made under OSHA’s more rigorous national emphasisprogram. VPP Star site certification continues tobe an important part of Valero's commitment to occupational and process safety. Regarding operations in the fourthquarter, we have been executing several major unit turnarounds in ourrefineries. We are just completing a large crude unit turnaround in Paulsboro andare nearing completion of a catcracker turnaround in Texas City. On the West Coast, Benicia has its fluidcoker down for turnaround and our Wilmington refinery has its catcracker downto support a revamp project on the alkylation unit. As Mike referenced earlier,these turnarounds will impact throughput rates on the West Coast in the fourthquarter. Also in the fourth quarter, weanticipate the start-up of a new distillate hydrotreater in Corpus Christi inDecember. This is a 55,000 barrel per day unit and essentially completes ourULSD production plans, except for the Northeast. Turning to projects, we are very pleasedthat our board recently approved a major expansion project for our St. Charlesrefinery. The St. Charles hydrocracker project includes a new 50,000 barrel perday hydrocracker, a 45,000 barrel per day expansion of the crude unit, and a10,000 barrel per day expansion of the Coker. The project will increase dieselproduction by 49,000 barrels per day and gasoline production by 11,000 barrelsper day as part of our strategy to increase the proportion of ultra-low sulfurdiesel produced in our system. This project is expected to come online in 2010and cost $1.4 billion. This is one of the largest capital projects in Valero'shistory. Now I will turn it over to Bill.
William R. Klesse: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everybody. In general, industrygasoline and other product margins have been low so far in the fourth quarter.The seasonal changes in supply and demand and the high crude oil prices havesqueezed gasoline margins to very low levels, thought they have improved acouple of dollars here in November. Diesel margins have been very good and unlike the thirdquarter, we are seeing wider discounts for medium and heavy sour crude oils thatwe process. For example, the Maya heavy sour crude oil discount to WTI inOctober averaged over $15 per barrel compared to the September. Today, it isover $16 per barrel. And the Mars medium sour crude oil discount is averagingover $11, one of the widest Mars discounts we’ve ever seen. And the Saudidiscounts for the month of December have increased over $4 per barrel. As many of you know, we recently held our annual strategicplanning meeting with our board and our executive management team. The meeting,from our perspective, went very well and affirmed the strategy we have beenexecuting. Going forward, we will continue to upgrade the quality of ourrefining portfolio by investing in strategic growth projects at our flagshiprefineries that will make them even more competitive. A good example of this isthe project Rich just mentioned, the St. Charles hydrocracker project. Additionally, we continue to solve our issues or haveprojects in development that will accomplish our goals of a safer, more reliableand more efficient operation. Another outcome of our strategic planning meeting is that wehave decided to explore strategic alternatives for our Aruba refinery. TheAruba refinery does not make U.S. specification products, nor does it makefinished gasoline. A large capital investment is required to make thiscompetitive in the long run, thus we have decided to look at our strategicalternatives. Regarding our cash flow, we will continue to take a balancedapproach to investing in our key refineries, as discussed, buying back ourstock, increasing dividends, and maintaining our investment grade rating. Looking out into 2008, we expect another excellent refiningenvironment of strong product demand, favorable discounts for medium and heavysour crude and feed stocks, a tight refining capacity market as the worldeconomies continue to grow. With that, we will open it up to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from the line ofDoug Terreson with Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson -Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys. Bill, you mentioned just a minute agothat -- and the press release I think suggested that you guys are activelyconsidering strategic alternatives for Aruba and I just have a couple ofquestions on that point. First, would you consider some type of joint ventureupgrading project with another company? If so, would any specific conditionsneed to be met, or are you solely considering outright divestiture. And the second question is how would you characterize theinterest level towards either type of strategic activity at this time, which ismore kind of a industry, general strategic question?
William R. Klesse: To your first question, we are sincere when we say strategicalternatives, but of course that includes a sale all the way through to someprocessing agreement, even. So we’re in business here for as to maximize ourshareholder value for the long run. And how would I classify the environment?
Doug Terreson -Morgan Stanley: Well, the interest level toward strategic activity at thistime?
William R. Klesse: I think it’s still very high. I think it’s exampled by therecent announcement in California.
Doug Terreson -Morgan Stanley: Sure. Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Dietertwith Simmons.
Jeff Dietert -Simmons: Good morning. I was hoping you could give us an update onthe Port Arthur expansion and the Quebec hydrocracker. Those were projects youtalked about in early September that did not go in front of the board, butwhere do those projects stand?
William R. Klesse: Rich is going to go ahead and address that for you.
Richard J.Marcogliese: We are still very active in the development process forthose two projects. For Port Arthur, we envision an identical hydrocracker tobe installed at that refinery. Also related to that project will be theinstallation of a 45,000 barrel a day grass roots coker. Now, that project ison a different timeline from St. Charles and this largely is an outgrowth ofkind of assessing total plant workload. We have got a plant-wide turnaround scheduled for PortArthur in 2009, which incidentally includes the replacement of all six cokedrums on the existing coker. So taking a look at plant-wide workload betweenturnaround and construction, we’ve pushed back the Port Arthur schedule about ayear and it will be more like a 2011 project compared to a 2010 project for St.Charles. For the Quebec refinery, we have active development underwayfor a combination project that would include about a 35,000 barrel a dayde-asphalting unit and a 50,000 barrel a day hydrocracker, which would make theQuebec operation more efficient in terms of reduced fuel oil production andmore flexible in terms of the varieties of crudes it can run, and that is alsoenvisioned as more of a 2011 project implementation schedule. So we are still very active in development on both.
Jeff Dietert -Simmons: Very good. If I could, on a second question, if you couldprovide some color, there’s been a pretty severe change in the crude marketswith the market moving into backwardation. Could you talk about how that’sinfluenced your crude purchases? Has it reduced your purchases, led you toreduce inventories, buy shorter haul crude? Could you provide some color on howthat’s influencing your activity?
UnidentifiedParticipant: Sure, Jeff. This is Joe. All those things you mentioned arethings that we are certainly taking a look at. Obviously it doesn’t pay tocarry crude today, so we are managing the inventories much more aggressivelyand we are keeping an eye on it. As far as the short-haul crudes go, we areabsolutely running them to the extent that we can.
William R. Klesse: It also obviously impacts our mid-continent, probably haschanged our crude costs into our mid-continent refineries, a couple dollars abarrel from the carry to the backward.
Jeff Dietert -Simmons: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Arjun Murtiwith Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - GoldmanSachs: You allude to wanting to finishing up the $6 billion stockbuy-back goal by the end of this year and that you’d continue to do variouscash returns to shareholders next year. Is the timing of announcing a new stockbuy-back figured tied to whatever you decide to do with Aruba, or simplygetting to year-end and finishing up this programming, you’ll take a fresh lookat where things stand for next year?
William R. Klesse: I would say the latter, Arjun. We will complete -- our planis to complete this program. We still have some authorization that’s left thatcarries into next year, so to be technically correct here, we’ll still have acouple million dollars of authorization. And we’ll see how we see the world aswe get into the first quarter and then as we look to the second. But our planis to continue as we’ve discussed.
Arjun Murti - GoldmanSachs: That’s great. So you’ve obviously already sold Lima. You’venow announced Aruba. You’ve just completed the strategic review with the board.Should we take that to mean -- should we expect there to be continuous highgrading as we get into next year and you are kind of taking it one refinery ata time, or does the conclusion of the review process mean you’ve done Lima,you’re going to do something with Aruba and that’s it in terms of I guessselling or high-grading the existing refinery asset base?
William R. Klesse: Arjun, it’s a continuing process and so you should assumethat as we go forward, we are constantly looking at these refinery assets. Somereally capitalized on our expertise of basically boiling and coking heavy crudeoils. Some have very unique locations and others might be worth more to otherpeople.
Arjun Murti - GoldmanSachs: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Leggatewith Citigroup.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. A couple for me, realquick, I guess; what does the tax rate look like ex Aruba for the rest of theyear, the rest of the firm?
William R. Klesse: What does the CapEx --
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: The tax rate.
William R. Klesse: Tax rate, okay.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It would be probably about 1% or 2% higher, so instead of 34for the fourth quarter, you’d like at 35% to 36%.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: Okay, great. The second one for me is given what’s going onin Europe right now, there seems to be some pretty incredible diesel cracks.Can you describe how you see the export opportunities over there?
Richard J. Marcogliese: Yeah, the arb is open, clearly, from the U.S. to Europe andwe are taking advantage of it today. I mean, we’ve got cargoes that are inprocess of heading that direction.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: Okay, so actively taking advantage of that -- have you got atake as to how long you expect that market to remain as strong as it is, giventhe down time you’ve had on a number of venues over there?
William R. Klesse: I don’t think we would know any better than you do. We readthe paper on the down time that’s happened as well as you, so we wouldn’t --the arb is open. Our business is a global business. Products move with the arband so we’ll take, for our company, advantage of the arb while it stays open.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: Okay. The final one from me is I wonder if you could justbring us up to date with your view on ethanol? There was a lot of discussion,obviously, about the volumetric impact, but at the same time, we are seeingsome pretty incredible discounts. When you take the tax credit into account, abig incentive there for you folks. But could you discuss the financial benefitversus the infrastructure bottlenecks as you see it in terms of whether ethanolis a threat or an opportunity for you as you move into 2008?
William R. Klesse: I’ll give you some general comments and see if I can giveyou some numbers, but today it is advantageous to discretionary blend, evenagainst butane, so where you can, you -- where the logistics are available, theinfrastructure, you would probably be blending. We are blending because of the economics, as you properlystate, where we can but there is also a lack of infrastructure in many of themarkets, so we can’t take advantage of that. Because with the butane when weblend it, you can ship it in the pipeline for winter spec but here with theethanol, it’s got to be done all locally and so that’s the constraint. Now, some of the numbers are compelling, as you say. Youhave any --
Richard J.Marcogliese: Well, we’ve got prices that we’re seeing -- $1.80 to $1.90 agallon for ethanol, so it clearly pays to blend it and we are blending about25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day. And we are blending it where we can.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: Are you getting any octane benefit on the BOB that you areblending it with? Like, for example, an 83 versus an 87 regular?
Richard J.Marcogliese: The effect on the gasoline?
William R. Klesse: It would be true you get the octane, but unless we can sendto some of the terminals a sub-octane, then you don’t get it, okay? Because wedon’t have the -- we have to have the tankage and the logistics. If we areloading at the refinery, we will try to take advantage of it but logistics orinfrastructure here really restricts your ability to fully capitalize on this.But you have to get the sub-octane to the terminal. But you’re correct; ethanol’s got a great octane and so youtry to take advantage of it.
Doug Leggate -Citigroup: That’s great, gentlemen. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paul Sankey withDeutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Good morning. A couple of follow-ups for me on Arubafirstly; I guess It’s a bit more complicated as a sale. Do you have a bestguess for the time scale over which it will take to get something done?
William R. Klesse: Well, we are looking at strategic alternatives, so I’m goingto tell you we are going to let the process run. It takes -- most things takemonths.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Right, but possibly a bit longer than Lima?
William R. Klesse: I really wouldn’t know.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Fair enough. Are there any -- you mentioned the tax rate andthe tax impact, obviously. Are there any other major impact it’s going to haveon your metrics? I’m thinking of op-ex or anything else worth highlighting thatwill change post a potential sale?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Not really. The only -- on the Gulf Coast throughput postthe sale would be down roughly 200 million a day.
William R. Klesse: Two-hundred thousand.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Two-hundred thousand barrels a day.
Richard J.Marcogliese: On op-ex, Aruba is one of our lower refineries on an op-exper barrel basis because it’s a low conversion plant. There’s no catcracking onAruba, for example.
William R. Klesse: So I guess to answer you, our operating costs in the GulfCoast would move up but if you deal in a complexity barrel, it wouldn’t be thatway.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Sure, I got you. Just going back to the -- another follow-upfrom me, the contango backwardation issue. I think it was an earnings impacteffectively, this quarter and I guess it will continue to be that as long as weremain in backwardation. Is that a fair statement and can you quantify how muchthe impact was?
William R. Klesse: It is a fair statement certainly for the mid-continentrefineries. It gets very complicated because Louisianagrade crudes tend to price the roll into them when at WTI, we have the rollvery visible. But to give you -- because it is significant. It comes up everytime we have the -- from contango to backward, it’s in the -- between thesecond quarter and the third quarter, if you include our estimate for Louisianaon the roll, it’s probably about a $58 million hit in our crude costs.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Okay, so that was -- that’s the trailing and I guess wewould expect that just to continue as long as the situation continues with the--
William R. Klesse: I was trying to give you a comparison but clearly you canlook at the roll and you can look where the contango was in our mid-continentvolumes and you can figure out that it raised our crude costs that much. But yes, those numbers I gave you were second quarter tothird quarter.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: I’ve got you. Okay, thanks. Just a last one for me, I guessto roll up what you said about the change in the environment, you mentionedgasoline weaker, diesel better, differentials helpful. On balance, are youexpecting a better quarter this quarter than we saw in Q3 on an ongoing basis,obviously? Worse or -- you know, how are we panning out quarter to date forearnings? Thanks.
William R. Klesse: We usually don’t give you any guidance on this but I willtell you, you can look at the industry cracks. Obviously October was a weakmonth and the cracks are strengthening. If you look at where we are today, it’sgoing to be a weak fourth quarter but it is strengthening. Some of the marketsare recovering. As I said, gasoline is a couple dollars better, the Saudidiscounts are wider, the Maya, Mars is absolutely almost a record. I can’tremember $11. So the quarter is improving. It’s hard for me to tell you atthis point in time whether it’s going to be better or worse than the thirdquarter, and I’ll also tell you it’s this time of year. Gasoline season for usis generally over, even though we have good demand still, and distillates,we’re like everybody -- winter’s coming.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: Yeah, and I guess that’s the basis for you being positive on’08 as well, is that despite -- I mean, you seem to be saying that demand isstrong. Could you just address that one a little bit? I guess some of the DOEdata is looking a bit weak.
William R. Klesse: Well, the DOE data is all over the place but it’s easy -- ifwe go back and look at the monthly data, gasoline is up year-to-date. However,we would not argue that the recent gasoline data is probably pretty darn flatwith last year. It’s hard to articulate whether it’s just prices or whetherit’s housing, confidence in the economy, or whatever. But we would say it’s --gasoline right now is pretty flat with last year, so your assessment iscorrect. However, when we look into next year, lots of changes,refining is still tight, our product is still economic -- I mean, compared towhere it was, obviously not but it is still a very viable, economic product --and the dollar weakness is also impacting all of this. But we are still very optimistic that the refining supplyand demand balance remains tight.
Paul Sankey -Deutsche Bank: I think I’ve had my fair share. Thanks for that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paul Chengwith Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Good morning, guys. I think this is for Mike or maybe forBill; I think previously that we were talking about 2008 capital spending, $4.7billion to $5 billion, and at the time I think the timelines for Port Arthurand Quebec upgrading project is 2010, so with those two projects, the delay,are we looking differently on that CapEx range?
Michael S. Ciskowski: For 2008, we are still looking at right around $5 billion ora little bit under.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: So we are still at $5 billion?
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, Paul.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: And then Mike, for 2007, I think the original budget is 3.5and then later on, that turned into 3.2 and now I think, if I’m not mistaken,you are talking about $3 billion. Is there any project being delayed or thatyou guys just do far more effectively?
Michael S. Ciskowski: There is only really one project that we consciously delayedand that was the crude oil expansion at the Quebec refinery, which we rolledfrom year-end 2007 to mid 2008. Beyond that specific deferral, the capitalexpenditures are just following the normal progression of our capital projectdevelopment, and in some cases things are moving along just a little bit slowerthan we anticipated.
William R. Klesse: But you heard the numbers correctly, Paul. We would expectto be around this $3 billion or slightly less for 2007.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: I see. And I think this is for Rich; in the third quarter,we have a little bit of the operating upset in I think Port Arthur this year,some of the facility. Can you quantify that? I mean, how much is the actual andopportunity costs associated with those?
Richard J.Marcogliese: What we’ve associated with the third quarter was about a$300 million impact, which is favorable to the second quarter but it’s a bignumber nonetheless. The issues we had, just to give you a sense, we had thecatcracker outage in Ardmore in July. We had issues with the Port Arthur crudeunits also in July, which was separate from the hurricane impact that MikeCiskowski mentioned. We also difficulty with the coke handling system at our Port Arthur refinery. We had crude throughput issues in our Aruba plant, whichwere related to typing and metallurgical issues, so we had a number of thingsgoing on across the system. Additionally, we also had a catalyst change on theTexas City gas oil hydrotreater. We don’t generally define that as a major unitturnaround, but that also had its impact in the third quarter.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Rich, since I’ve got you, is there a preliminary firstquarter turnaround schedule you can share?
Richard J.Marcogliese: Well, I’ll just mention a couple of things for first quarter’08. In February of next year, we plan to take the St. Charles millisecondcatcracker down for about a 21-day turnaround, and then also in Quebec, we’regoing to take one of the crude units down. This is a crude unit that’s going tobe revamped for the expansion project. That will come down in the March/Apriltimeframe for about 42 days. Those are the most significant.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: And [money] for Aruba, I believe the tax holiday is comingup for extension or expiration. Is it 2010 or 2011?
William R. Klesse: It is for 2010, the end of 2010.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: The end of 2010, so whatever is the selling price of thatproperty -- if we decide to sell, that probably we’ll need to take intoconsideration.
William R. Klesse: Well, I think so. You got it.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Chi Chow withTristone Capital.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: Thanks. I was wondering if you could provide us with anupdate on McKee and what the status is there?
UnidentifiedParticipant: Sure, I can do that. Currently we are in the sameconfiguration in McKee, which is the total plant is up ex the propanede-asphalting unit. Construction continues on the revamp and rebuild of thatunit. We expect mechanical completion some time late November, early December,with start-up of the PDA either just before the end of the year or in earlyJanuary. Today, the plant is running at a throughput of about 140,000barrels a day with the PDA out of service.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: And are you running more sweet crude as a result now?
UnidentifiedParticipant: We have adjusted the crude mix at McKee to try to minimizethe [volumes] production. That is the constraint on the refinery operationbecause we are shipping fuel all out by rail, so very recently we’ve made someattempts to lighten the crude slate a little.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: How big of an impact do you think McKee and also BP's Whitingplant, downtime at both those plants is having on Cushing inventories? And asthose plants get back up, do you see the backwardation easing at all and do yousee sour crude discounts narrowing going forward?
UnidentifiedParticipant: Chi, you know it had a significant impact back in the secondand probably the early part of the third quarter. I think we saw thedislocation of TI to the other sweet crudes as a result of that, where it wassignificantly discounted. I think that largely, that’s behind us. As far as the effect going forward and the heavy sourdiscounts coming in, with these high prices like we are experiencing today, Ithink we are going to continue to see strong discounts. We have Maya discountstoday that are over $16. We have other heavy sours that are in the market thatare trading at $20 plus discount, so I would say that if we were to look at it,we would expect the heavy sour discounts to maintain.
William R. Klesse: I think the other piece you asked in there was what ouroutlook would be on the backwardation. I would say if inventories continue tokeep drawing, the backwardation is going to continue, okay? So if you areasking how we plan our business here, we are looking at these overallinventories and trying to assess where we really think they are going to go.And if they keep coming down, the front is going to stay a little tightrelative to the out months. We’re going to see the backwardation continue. It’s very difficult for us to comment, as Joe skipped aroundthere, that we can’t comment on BP. At McKee though, we are running prettyclose to our crude charge. BP's situation at Whiting, we wouldn’t know about.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: What type of crude do you think is sitting in Cushing rightnow, in storage? Is it primarily sour grades?
UnidentifiedParticipant: I don’t know for certain but we would -- we know that thereis a lot of Canadian crude in Cushing today.
William R. Klesse: I guess we’ll give you one other piece of info; we also knowasphalt markets are very weak and when you know asphalt markets are very weak,you don’t want to run the WTS, and so you tend to -- so your idea or approachhere may be right, Chi, but we don’t have any per se data.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: Okay, then one more question on Aruba; have you seen thereliability, in particular the power supply, improve over the years sinceyou’ve had that plant?
Richard J.Marcogliese: Let me comment. Let me say that we have put a lot into itand we even have more investments planned, but we did have a total powerdisruption on Aruba about a month ago, which was related to a transformer andbreaker failure, which we had anticipated replacing within the next year or so,so I would say we’ve put quite a bit of effort and investment into theupgrading. But the difficulty is we still have a lot of 1930s and 1940s vintageinfrastructure that is in the process of being upgraded and we’re not completewith the program.
Chi Chow - TristoneCapital: Okay, thanks, Rich. Appreciate that.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question will come fromthe line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: Good morning. I had a couple of things. I wanted to go backto this mid-continent effect. Bill, I think you said a $58 million impact onthe third quarter. My guess is that it was probably something closer tomultiples of that, just going from the average contango in the second to theaverage backwardation in the third. Also, if you could clarify -- it’s myunderstanding that this is an effect really only during the time when youswitch from contango to backwardation and not if the market structure remainsthe same going forward.
William R. Klesse: I can only tell you the numbers that people give me, and thenumber I gave you is the number they gave me, okay? As far as to your question as to -- I guess what you areasking is when it changes, it’s the impact? Well, it was contango in the secondand the contango reduced, and so I was giving you the impact of the drop in orthe reduction of the contango, of the roll. So as it’s continued to roll and comes down to the questionthat we were asked earlier, if you compare fourth quarter to second quarter, itis going to have two times or something the number I gave you for the third tothe second. If you are comparing the fourth to the third, it’s gotten worse soit is going to be to that magnitude. But you know this roll like I know the roll and you know thebackwardation. I’m giving you the number that we calculate.
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: -- we’re on the same page. Let me try something else, if Icould; it just appears to me that as it relates to your Texas and Gulf Coastplants in particular, that a pretty good fraction of the reliability in unplanneddowntime issues relate to power and I was wondering whether in response tothis, if you share my conclusion, whether co-gen type investments on a broaderscale would make a lot of sense.
Richard J.Marcogliese: I might take a crack at that. I would not characterize ourGulf Coast system as having a generalized power issue. If you went back a fewyears, there were issues of that nature in Texas City that we’ve sincecorrected. Where we’re having most of our reliability issues are in the PortArthur refinery, but that is primarily related to the operation of the delayedcoker. Now, I would also say that from a co-gen infrastructurepoint of view, Port Arthur is one of the most highly integrated plants in termsof internal power generation. And a good example of that, there was this recentpipeline fire in the Port Arthur area. It took out both 230,000 volt feeders tothe refinery. We were able to [islandize] the plant and run off power generatedfrom our relationship with Air Products to product hydrogen. I mean, just to summarize again, I would not say that wehave a power reliability issue in the Gulf Coast. Where we are seeing areliability issues, they are associated with the process units.
William R. Klesse: In Aruba, we’ve made a lot of improvements but we generateall our power there. It basically starts with fuel oil to stay into the power,and so the improvements we have made have helped but power in Aruba is achallenge.
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: Thanks, guys. Let me try one more if I could, regardingAruba specifically; Aruba has a number of the characteristics that you wouldotherwise look at I think as being desirable in terms of both size as well ascoastal location, ability to receive VLCC type cargoes. Is there a message thatperhaps you are sending the government regarding the expiration of the taxholiday with this announcement, and therefore might this strategic alternativeassessment potentially wind up in no action at all?
William R. Klesse: Well, I guess potentially I would say yes, but we aresincere in looking at our strategic alternatives. I think that you are veryfamiliar with the refinery. In a high crude cost environment, when you have acoking refinery that doesn’t do any upgrading, it is a different competitiveplant than a -- for instance, for us, our St. Charles refinery that does cokingand upgrades. Another thing, remember Aruba does not make any gasoline. Itmakes very limited ULSD, so as we do our assessment of the future, it requiresus to invest heavily in this refinery to be competitive. And so you, as aperson who recommends our stock and as the people that own our stock wouldexpect us to do, we would -- we are looking at our alternatives. So that’s whatwe’re doing, Mark. Hey, listen, on your contango question and backwardquestion, when the market contango in the mid-continent, we capture the roll,so --
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: I understand that. It’s the loss of that and going tobackwardation where there is a significant loss, if you will --
William R. Klesse: That’s right, so --
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: -- this is a number that in the third quarter looks to melike it’s more like $200 million.
William R. Klesse: Well, we didn’t calculate it that high but if you went backto the second quarter and went all the way to the fourth quarter, where youhave a dollar backward versus over a dollar contango, it’s a big number. Iagree.
Mark Gilman - TheBenchmark Company: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Daniel Vetterwith J.P. Morgan.
Daniel Vetter - J.P.Morgan: Can you comment on your progress to date towards meetingyour $1 billion operating improvement target?
Richard J.Marcogliese: Sure, and just to -- just to define that, we’ve got a $1billion competitive gap closure objective defined over a five-year period. Wehave a rigorous reporting and stewardship process towards those objectives. What I would say generally first is the progress on thatkind of by design is more heavily weighted to the back end, because there aresome large capital projects that we need to implement to create some of thisgap closure. Examples I would use, you know, I’ve described problems withthe coker in Port Arthur. We’ve got a premature drum cracking issue there.We’re going to replace all six coke drums in 2009. We are also going to dolikewise at our St. Charles plant and replace four coke drums there. So certain of the refinery reliability boost and improvementthat we are anticipating isn’t really captured until 2009. Now, we do have anumber of non-capital improvement initiatives, maintenance efficiency, energyconservation, that are underway but we’re really early in the program at thispoint. So I would say our program is on track but it is lightlyloaded on the front end and kind of heavily loaded mid to the back end.
Daniel Vetter - J.P.Morgan: Okay, and one more, if I may; I noticed that the estimatedcost of the St. Charles project, or I guess it’s actually a handful ofprojects, is up a bit from your prior estimate. Can you comment on the -- orupdate us on the expected EBITDA contribution of that project, or the expectedreturns of that handful of projects? Thank you.
William R. Klesse: The capital is up from when I was in New York in September,as we finalized the project to scope for our board, so that was the number wecame up with. We are looking here to find the EBITDA number, but the projecthas a return that’s in the -- slightly higher than the mid-teens and we expectit to, at this order of magnitude project, using our forecast in the future, itadds significant -- and that’s an [inaudible] return -- significant shareholdervalue. If we can’t find the EBITDA, you’ll need to call AshleySmith here.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It was on the slide I think I used in New York. We haven’t-- I’ll get you an updated number for that slightly higher cost estimate now.
Daniel Vetter - J.P.Morgan: Okay, and the mid-teens return assumes what kind of a marginenvironment?
William R. Klesse: It’s our strategic plan forecasting and we do our ownforecast on this and so that -- I mean, that’s what it is.
Daniel Vetter - J.P.Morgan: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ari Raivetzwith Banc of America.
Ari Raivetz - Banc ofAmerica: Just a quick follow-up on the ethanol; you had said 25,000to 30,000 a dayof blending. I’m just wondering how much of that is discretionary versus statemandated.
William R. Klesse: I don’t think we’re going to have a good answer for you onthat.
Richard J.Marcogliese: If I look at the numbers, I would tell you it looks likeprobably 12,000 or probably half of it is mandatory and the other half isdiscretionary.
Ari Raivetz - Banc ofAmerica: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question will come fromthe line of Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Just two quick follow-ups; Mike, for 2008, your CapEx is $5billion. Given the three major upgrades in Port Arthur, Quebec and St. Charles,should we assume that is roughly about in the $5 billion from 2009 to 2011also? Or that the number will be lower?
William R. Klesse: The 2008, we’re not going to spend a lot of money on PortArthur or Quebec just because of timing, so in all our numbers, we’ve said --it just really doesn’t have that big an impact. But yes, to your question, you can look at this range ofcapital here for ’08 and ’09 and then ’10 really depends on how much was spenton these jobs in ’09, quite frankly -- ’09 is a large turnaround year for usalso. So if I add that, it could be slightly higher than in ’08. If you look atour turnaround scheduled extended, ’09, as Rich said, we have Port Arthur, we have the St. Charles,both cokers, we have the millisecond complete revamp at the end of ’09 -- bigprojects for us.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: So that means ’09 may be over five and the ’10 and ’11 maybe somewhat below five?
William R. Klesse: I think that’s a fair assessment for right now.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: And if I looked at the presentation you have this[inaudible] back in September, quickly calculate the sustainable capital isabout in the $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion for 2008. Is that also a reasonableproxy going forward, based on your current configuration, assuming we don’t doanything with Aruba?
William R. Klesse: I would say it’s in the $2 billion-ish, so 2.2, 2.3 I thinkis fair.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Okay. A final question; Mike, for 2008, is there a numberyou can share for anti-dilution, that how much stock you have to buy back in2008? I mean, is it 10 million shares, 5 million shares? What kind of a numbershould we assume?
Michael S. Ciskowski: The number that -- I mean, a lot of that depends on theexercise of stock options and the like, but I would guesstimate about 10million to 12 million shares.
Paul Cheng - LehmanBrothers: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, this does conclude the Q&A session.Please continue with any closing comments.
Ashley Smith: I just want to thank everyone for listening to our calltoday and if you need more information, please contact our investor relationsdepartment. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Valero Energythird quarter 2007 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives
